Long hair is pretty much accepted
The shoehorning in of the American gung ho pilots and scientists took a bit away from the mystery of the Norwegian base from the original Thing
Pretty sure people call those chairs
[Here is one] on a period engraving from the 18th century
I once said Hello to a woman in the Netherlands and she already knew I was Czech
German, Austrian, and Italian
The issue is, it turns out that being as tough as possible doesn't work all that well.
It is called blasphemy
Actually no, in 1946 KSČ only got around 40%, so it was only a plurality and not a majority
There are both the systems side by side:  [ But I can't find why there are two systems in the first place
Where did you grow up that it's normal to bring up porn in everyday conversation
This article can be our first deny for the sub.
Fuck you if you don't drink beer
Why don't they cover their faces with something
I mean, to make it worse, people say "Česko" overwhelmingly more than "Česká republika" in Czech, it's just English where they start having boundaries
Low unemployment rate will help to gradually bring more people from inactivity to employment.
It's astounding how applicable this is to CZ as well.
It never crossed my mind to change my style of writing like this
Sadly, he was at least a competent epidemiologist and a good health minister to have in a pandemic
It makes me sad that with Hungarian you must really learn every word, there are no similarities and even knowledge of other languages doesn’t help
Yes
Lots of people's birthday on lots of days
Russia is not going to send anybody in Latvia except for standard spies.
I'm not so thrilled about the political situation and the relatively low GDP (and wages) compared to the EU
Only one of the kids was almost bald in Lolek and Bolek, but yeah, different cartoon
Whats private law by your definition
Also some rulers in our history were good
Buying can be a bit hard because it's illegal to sell alcohol to minors but it can be done
Snow in a heavily populated city is just a nuisance as it becomes this “slushy” dirty thing
But my classmate says his previous school didn't have them
I guess in terms of comedy it can still be considered new, but in the terms of trends
Do you live in Karlovy Vary or something like Lhota Rapotina
Maybe Germany is the winner in production but Czech Republic is more than winner in consumption of beer per capita
If not, I have something to say about the "hen" pronoun
That doesn't convince me, really.
So I will tell you what he wrote
Yeah, and thats all you really need along with some physical strength
"Córdoba, lejana y sola" by Lorca
I think many of us asked themselves this question.
Yeah, there is one or two in every country, that said, they generally dont last long
But I was simply trying to pick a slightly better geographical model (albeit imperfect) than East X West which is super useless
New national Constitution got created in 1992 and is in place today
I'm just glad we're still next to Slovakia
Sadly
One of my favorite foods that I haven't had in like half a year
I think moka pots are relatively common all over the place because they're quite cheap and basically indestructible
However in regions which were neglectful about this in the past (Germany, France, Belgium), it might be necessary to use extreme measures to ensure national security and prosperity.
green notebook - squared paper
This made my day XDDD
It's been decades since feminism was considered a positive word.
Norway is outside of the EU and flourishing while being a magnet for investors
Similar regional trains run in Germany and I would assume in most of western Europe as well
It was such a tragedy
cz] \- some sort of czech google
Two young kids needing schools and Im not always guaranteed home office although I had it a lot even before Covid
If I don't count being given a sip of beer at a young age (<10), I never started and don't see any reason to start now (22).
Even some European nations, like Spanish people, do that
I don't know situation in other regions enough.
Yeah, that's pretty much it
] [You
This is not far off the reality
Bricks
From the Isles I've been only to Scotland, where I haven't felt the it too much (everything was more focused on modern Scottish, not some old Pictish traditions).
yet another example of Finish manipulations with meme market
Austro-Hungary is portraid rather nicely in Good Soldier Svejk
Yeah, I watched the election night coverage live and it was glorious.
Hahaha mate
This is far from being available "almost everywhere".
Isn't that Böhemen in German
It makes me go: You should learn it, so you can understand it fully
Usually orange in my experience
Just like The Hussites - Always outnumbered, never outgunned
Off the top of my head, Slavic people have domovoy, Egyptian Bes, Anglo-Saxon hob, French lutin, German kobold, etc
And now they claim the EU doesn't serve British interests
Blanka tunnel, Prague subway line D, Subway or rail line to the (Václav Havel) Ruzyně airport,  trams on Václavské náměstí, I could continue to the infinity, and that's only Prague
Czech self-defense laws arent that different from those in the US
Russia finances anti-european groups and parties across Europe, pays actual shills for European newspapers in discussions.
The stereotype is true after all
The exactly same could be said about Prague or probably any capital.
Only Hungarians say "nyugatra" and they don't want give it up.
>exists
Czechoslovakia, as a part of WW1 allied war reparations, received a certain part of the Hamburg harbor in a form of a lease for 1 Czechoslovak crown with the duration of lease of 100 years
I remember when I was a kid, I just sang along gibberish to english songs that sounded aaaalmost right (to my ears)
Does this mean "best time in history to invade Russia in winter"?
Funny how effective misinformation and smear tactics are.
Iran won't attack
When Poland invaded east of Czechoslovakia few days before WWII, our president Beneš sent letters for help to UK and France with only limited response - they did basically nothing
Especially when they have "A" as a second letter on their license plate :)
Czech Republic would be quite cheap for someone from West.
But while we also make this topping, more used is butter, curd, sometimes poppy and sugar
“, or „nicméně“ and „buďme“ are pronounced „nidzméně“ and „buďme“ instead of „nicméně“ and „buťme“.
Pretty much all Africa and most of the Asia
Great stuff
We have even song about him:
People just carry on like normal, towns are safe, outdoor sport facilities have sufficient light sources or you use headlights
I first got drunk when I was 13 and my mum laughed at me the next day
Best subreddit, hands down
And our joy of finally having a coast would smash all attempts to mock the coast of Slovenia for being tiny!
the buildings above are shitty, the bridge is a commie horror, built across a historical part and leads cars to the traffic jam in the old town
Foctothorpeck is a weird word
It's probably too late to really do anything
some czech(?) politicians should read this
Send us one secular, liberal-minded Turk and we'll send you back one conservatively-islamist Turk.
I still can't figure out
We even buried some Germans in river hehe
I’m a leader in one of the scout-like organizations here
Czech Republic:
He broke most of campaign legal rules during his "no campaign", lied and took money from companies that are receiving favours now
We're earlier gen Z, and my schoolmates get wasted weekly
Raulio IT
&#x200B;
I am waiting until there are all countries on the list
Go to Poland and ask them about LGBT, go to Russia and ask them about democracy, go to Serbia and ask them about pacifism, go to balcans and ask them about accepting history
Oh those pathetic imperial units...
Kámo - mate
We have a notable Vietnamese minority thanks to cooperation during communism
But as I said, people tend to underestimate deadly knives can be
We were the “beacon of democracy” in central europe and everything worked as it should
He has a team of people and media training.
If it keeps trying to harmomize too many things too quickly, it might just collapse
Not everyone to the point of doing porn, obviously, but it's there
/r/trebuchetmemes
I think you misunderstand the question.
The architecture, the nature and the people with their regional attitudes are worth seeing, all of the three regions have different cultural backgrounds and it's like visiting three different countries.
In czechia, it’s on evening 24th december
Why not
What are they going to do about their home grown terrorists?
They are more comfy,  stretched  and softened
because there is simply nowhere else to put them
Well I just remembered [the song] inspired by this speech.
I love to buy books and I always have more than I can read
yes please
Medžu umětnymi i prirodnymi językami sųt někoje važne razliky
So you're quite normal
which you then tried to discredit why effacing even KGB/NKVD presence as just unrelated StB actions
There are some minor cases - I believe beer is not allowed to be the cheapest drink in restaurants, but maybe it"s not true
Bilo je i onih, koji nisu fer
I'm certain we would like it
North Korea is a buffer state for China, and China wants to keep it that way
Ah yes, the buses from Brno
I usually find three negatives difficult as people can fuck with you, as you can't tell if they're all in concord, all negates each other or only two of them are in concord and the remaining one is negating that partial concord
Just because some countries consume a lot of potatos because it's a very forgiving plant when it comes to climate and ground fertility doesn't mean all slavs eat a lot of potatos
couple weeks ago I read an article how are US immigrants here completely fucked with their stimulus checkes as there is no longer any Czech bank willing to deal with checks at all
I didn't know what to eat lol
Or so I heard
Yeah it's pretty bad
In Czech it’s smrtonosná past
In czech, we call vacuum cleaning "luxovat" after a vacuum cleaner brand from a hundred years ago
After that they were renamed to American street, French street, Danish street etc
People should be free to use services that transmit their data to intelligence agencies, if they're dumb enough to store sensitive data there.
Inmediatelly many labs stopped testing
Its kinda cringy
The female surname is usually done by adding "ová", but it can have some exceptions like for example:
Cant wait for yall to be gone
It's sad to see where it goes there.
Don't bother, results will be available [here]
but they were renovatig inside most of that time
EU is much more ready for this.
You are technically allowed to drink bleach, that doesnt mean it makes sense or that its a good idea
But it's needed to say federalisation does not necessarily mean the same as centralisation or creating a "superstate" that would deny each nation's individuality.
Home use is pretty much non-existent.
That doesnt make sense
Ive read the wiki page, but Ive always thought they are separated (because of the written form (alphabet))
Czech houses are usually Made out of concrete, but the ones in Austria are mostly wooden
Cutting the EU funds seems like a punitive measure that is guaranteed to create a backlash here.
There are only 3 cities in the list I don't know
"It's an Albany expression"
Germany is buying a lots of our products
A child also can't have the same name as their living sibling (if the kids share both of the parents)
It all boils down to the same thing in the end
I think one of the reasons why so many people in this country do not want immigrants from distant religious cultures is exactly this, they dont want to disrupt the homogeneous culture of irreligiousness
It's about time
Brits own part of the island ;)
Rudolph II, Joseph II, Maria Theresa
&#x200B;
Yes, Prague is the European Capital of Porn
It's definitely not easy, but I have to say, it's very rewarding, especially once you get few hundred kanji under your belt and can start parsing sentences without furigana (albeit slowly)
Nobody cares irl outside of a few people on reddit
Obviously, I have no issue with its medical use
No clothes hanging outside
Been looking on flight radar this morning, saw a KLM plane straddling the border over Sumava on its way to Vienna from Amsterdam and a Chinese plane from Shanghai which flew over heading south to Italy maybe - if you pick your moment there are no proper large aircraft flying over the country
Beautiful :D
Wow, we're practically Putin Russia 2.0 at this point, except on the Atlantic side.
Rn many people hate our premiér Andrej Babiš, but he also has his supporters, so thats kinda mixed
And Czech Republic to Slovakia.
The "central Europe" is just an artificial term.
freedom of press will be under pressure
The trust also led to many deaths but its kinda complicated thats why I mentioned it
And our economy stands on exports.
But I'd always confuse them with Mountain Germans this way.
For avhievements in various fields
But seriously, its getting harder to distinguish between real and fake news when mainstream media take things out of context just to create clickbait titles and "breaking" stories.
Cool fact Is you can pick Jára Cimrman at oral part of school leaving exam in czech language
It's about small wizard living in present times, but don't understand them much, who  sometimes experiences quite scary adventures
More like roasted boar
I, for one, welcome our new German overlords.
Even though there are almost no muslims/blacks/jews in the country it still shapes the views of people against them
Well, I am a Sudeten German and I still live here
Minsk has much larger % of protesters than outside of Minsk
Unfortunately, you lost more sphere of influence by taking Crimea.
He as killed by Czech and Slovak paratroopers who were flown over the Protectorate by a plane in 1942
Yes, exactly
In Czech:
Most people dont care and probably dont feel the Liechensteins should get anything back
Latest available figures show that we (Czechia) had fertility rate above 1,6 last year.
Gardens by the Bay
A special sort of them are lesbian radical feminists
This is our home after all
State police might be a better translation
we have Finns, we can't go full Brazil
Weaksauce, Our women can do almost twice as much
No, I don’t think so
Thats some Southern Europe logic.
I would like to add, that President is elected for 5 years and can only be elected twice in a row
Needless to say I have never participated in anything that had anything to do with it, except for when I was once tricked to go for trip which turned out to be a bird watching camp
neb nikdy  nikdo ne-ví  co se může státi
Only very recently they have added at least some info boards to the site and mayyybe there will be some excavations in the future.
Serbia is the winner in Europe, I'd say
The real plague is here in Czechia
Our currency is literally named crown
And don't forget [Prague Ratter]
It HaS nEveR BeEn AppLiED
The downside might be the way how doctors treat you
because we are (and all these plans to make a tunnel to the sea says so, including Croatia where 8 or 10 % of our population goes every year because of their sea, and they have to compete with charter flights to Turkey/Morroco/Tunisia/Egypt/insert anything you know from TUI catalog)
Not everyone to the point of doing porn, obviously, but it's there
Because if not, you cannot call your clothing “similar to Czech”
In a country which never hosted Olympic games.
Everyone counts with you on board.
I think the government wanted to ban advertisements along roads so that people wouldn't stare at them when they are supposed to pay attention to the road
If you travel to a small village with like 5 other people in the whole bus, you usually say thank you and bye
It is white and cold  and called in German [schnee]
Name Budweiser directly refers to the Czech town České Budějovice (Budweis in German)
We even had our own little reformation decades before the rest.
Well in that case Cafe Nero might be an upgrade
It's easy to be popular when the press is 100% under your control and you can completely silence/jail organizations that try to speak out against your government.
* Chrt pln skvrn zdrhl z Brd
Yeah, thats what i mean
[Till 1959]
Oh those are great
We had tiny lockers in middle school - there were like 4 or 5 of them stacked vertically, so they could only fit books and art supplies and stuff
Watching them, one can believe he is watching something made by Ned Flanders
Thieves automatically know who's an American or Asian tourist group these days.
after 2-3 good books it went faster
Love the picture on the right xd
We use rock paper scissors as well but in different order, rock scissors paper (kámen nůžky papír)
When you throw somebody out if window that is 20 meters above the ground I don't think that you expect the person to survive
There is still notable divide between east and west
It would be dudes around 70 walking naked or obese women.
Hogwarts is literally switched warthog, there are hogs on the gate, so
V4, Baltics, Romania, Bulgaria, Romania, Ukraine, Slovenia, Croatia
I know only California, NY and Alabama, Texas would be a wild guess
This "naming" was always considered some kind of ceremony: professors and generals receive their title from the hands of the president
It's awesome
London or Moscow
After WWII and during communism, it dropped significantly.
are the terrorists coming from Finland, Luxembourg or Poland?
Turning in a few days
On the other hand it does not count beer consumed by Czech tourist in other countries so it kinda evens out
Šel pštros s pštrosicí a pštrosáčaty pštrosí ulicí.
This isn't the case for countries like Czech Republic which show extreme diligence in handing out passports, so only Western Europe would be affected.
How is then normal hammer in your language
Like, I don't know much about politics (I'm a teenage boy), but because of TV and news on the internet I think he is well overpowered
Ignác used to be shortened to Nácek (but that is now used as a derogatory word for Nazis, so
It's just convenient for now
Tomáš Garrique Masaryk
I think that the series struck a perfect balance between translated and non-translated terms
I am no longer between 20-30 and it is just about couple of week I will not be longer in 30-40 but when I was 20-30 I had a car (obviously not new) and I am living outside my family since 22 or 23
we had a few instances where children got a hold of their fathers gun and killed someone while playing
We don't really have black people in the sense most people know the word so gypsied take the honor as the darkest-skinned group of people living here
I didn't know it is possible but they have even more strays than Greece
I can't think of any cartoon that does it from the top of my head, but I remember that in The Witcher video games, dwarves speak in a Scottish accent
To be fair, the system has its quirks too, I've seen a good deal of very confused tourists getting scolded in Czech by ticket inspectors for not stamping their tickets or buying the wrong type
> Brythonic
To be fair, in 2014, a woman ill with schizophrenia entered high school in Czech city of Žďár nad Sázavou and she  stabbed a few students, one of them died
ECB deals with monetary policy and that is different from fiscal policy.
If it was a line or two, I wouldn't care, but since there is a lot of Czech dialogue, it makes me cringe a lot
Had a slight heart attack the first time I saw one of those "be careful this road is bad" signs in Bavaria, since by Czech standards at the time the road was really smooth
Bold of you to include Turkey
Anything from Karel Čapek, Kafka, weve got a lot of it
Yeah we do that too
New Zealand
Yes, I admit, there are some parts that aren’t that great
Orthography is pretty simple though
Several studies proved that small classes cause depression and anxiety for shy and introverted kids as they require substantialy larger amount of interaction from each individual student
Vím ale zadání znělo jedno písmeno
Jů ken definitly help wid dét.
It's amazing how this sub can be sometimes so progressive yet be casually racist (inb4 "slavs aren't a race", I know, I cannot find a better word for it) about slavs
I feel like Bratislava is mostly ok with the rest of slovakia
Hungary would be the closest
We used to insult people by marking them as StB [estébák] (civil associates of secret police)
I'm 23
Once it reaches Copenhagen criteria, I see no problem.
Don't buy water at the Prague Castle, "cannabis/weed" anything from minimarkets, Absinth-anything anywhere
This could correlate with food quality and physical activity.
If only this was the worst thing he ever did
There were two large military zones used by Soviets and lots of small facilities they used and their final destiny depended on many factors like distance from nearest town or means of privatisation
Some people here lost everything as small children and I do not find it strange if they cannot get over it
but I guess that one event which sparkled 30y War was fairly significant
At the very least it's not straight up off-putting to me like eating it with potatoes, haha
T. G. Masaryk, our first president, played an instrumental role in the creation of independent czechoslovakia
About 30 percent of Czech export is to Germany
If you mean it like 'If I have considered it as a part of the reason why we "won"', then yes, definitely
There was literally a [scandal in 1947] which uncovered a [Moscow driven spy ring] trying to assasinate 3 non-communist Czechoslovak ministers and further sow discontent
We value our freedom, people from other countries value protection even if it comes at the cost of their freedom
I'm sorry but *Carel Capec* hurts my Czech eyes
They still killed 10+ people and injured dozens
Isn't that the case everywhere
hLaVnĚ sE z ToHo nEpOsEr
I was working for UK companies (investment banking, exchange trading software and similar stuff) from 1997 till end of 2015.
They are still dealing with complaints of eco-activists who live on the other side of the country
(At least that's what I think in my very limited discord experience)
When you are driving in CZ your lights have to be on all the time (during the day, during the summer, etc)
Our country has around 90% of population non-believers, so that explains a lot
Yeah, old times of Great Moravia
Should we mention the whole dick situation
I don't think we have one anyway
That doesn't count, we are not Eastern Europe.
I wonder how many of them still think Czechoslovakia exists
Another one is the expectation for public services and such stuff to just work, I know French people complain about their bureaucracy a lot too, but he definitely wasn't ready for some of the messes here
Our welfare level is lower than what people are used in Scandinavia or Germany.
Our favorite King Charles IV was also a Roman Emperor and he was not the only one
*Lithuanian breathing on my back*
Czech self-defense laws arent that different from those in the US
But that's like potato mash from a box
Pretty much all of my peers started drinking around that age
I'd say we're corrupt the same way we've always been, be it middle ages or current year
But do they have the machine that goes PING
Reminds me of [Prague city tunnel] It costed twice as much as planned.
Vůbec ne
I hardly travel by train domestically and will unlikely use train internationally
It's not "because of", but had it been handled differently, we would have a different outcome.
# B I G
People in border areas casually go shopping abroad, either because of better product quality or cheaper prices
> That we are lazy
I would think that any country with christian tradition celebrates Easter.
I can't stand hearing Czech in porn it's awful turn off
You listened to Beatles
eu] makes it more palatable
and do you know something about WWII nazi occupation of much of Europe?
Svoboda and Mrs
does that make me a bad boy no matter what ive done if ive made bad things?
It seems it's something between toasts (commonly made with toaster linked many times here) and [topinky] wtih nothing or anything you like on the top
yep, so can have different regions i.e.
I actually consider judging people, who are eating alone, weird and stupid
It's like going to Britain and buying the French flag as a souvenir
Then I put on my sunglasses and slowly walk away as the basement explodes behind me
It didn't since it was bullshit in the first place.
Heck, I saw a fast food place recently with bunch of Indian sauces
(I actually does happen sometimes
No, he's right, this is borderline /r/shittyHDR
When you point this out to them, they say something like "yeah, but this particular guy/girl doesn't count, he/she is not like them, he/she is an okay person".
They might a be lot in todays minimalistic warfare
Well, sometimes, for example, you grab your sister while she sleeps and throw her into a cold bath ^(^I've ^heard)...sometimes it's more like April Fools' Day, just spiced with a little bit of sexism :)
8th century
Germany succesfully rebranded itself as military benign state and it is taken as such.
Leopold's Congo was his personal property
I understand that Polish people are by far the biggest group of all EE migrants, so we're statistically way more likely to hear about attacks against them than other EE migrants.
I've just returned from Erasmus in Galicia, and I have to admit that even though I knew a lot about the state of Spanish economy from the statistical point of view, the amount of beggars in the streets and the struggles of local students fearing unemployment still quite struck me.
They still teach how to read cursive too
The turtledove's voice called to love
I remember something about the group that ousted Milosevics trying to form some organization helping revolutionaries of the world
Not a fan
The thing is, how many hackers with mandarin or russian can the USA use?
Here's the fucking catch
It really encouraged me
National Technical Museum
Free food in schools is a relatively cheap investment with huge returns in form of better population
Oh wait
Ah that memories
I have a choice of joining either Austria or Slovakia.
The Chinese don't bother with buying them and steal their tech right away
He was corrupt as fuck, and unlike other politicians he was to inept to keep his bribery hidden
It is always a bit of both
I feel offended
* anyone from the West
Slovak president Zuzana Caputova to replace our president [Milos Zeman
If we could manage this while leaving EU, it would be best solution
More than 10 000 inhabitants of Jerusalem massacred during First Crusade in span of 6 days.
) And stand in front of some school and spray vinegar and paint stuffs on kids' faces (appropriate stuffs like the name of your class, hearts, etc
Long live the empire or whatever, just hope the uniforms are dope as well.
They look too cold to me, but they are still really nice.
Exactly, what a wasted opportunity.
But not talking about wages also heavily benefit employer and not employees, as he have to pay more only to people which ask for more
Those words actually come from a website, where they tried to map, where you can get tap water from the waiter without issues or something like that
Even if I'm not sure if Cyril and Metodej are *that* Chrstian of a holiday
Boots on the ground = announce a war = threaten to send a few bombers over their capital
One of the people in our group went inside trough a hole in the fence and sprinted to the top, but he was the only one to see it
Fuck federalisation, fuck onespeed europe, fuck multispeed europe even more
Capitalists everywhere should be proud
I would definitely say Romania
I hope this is just a show for their hardcore domestic audience.
I don’t like using it because I’m worried someone (coughamericans) might confuse it with, say, Chechnya
Latvia: Lotyšsko
There will be friction between the CIA, Trump, and the House and Senate.
At that time we were hit by the economic crisis and our economy had been stagnating for several years.
We call you "pšonci"
It wasn't for coffee tho
I thought, that Istanbul would be in CHP colours.
It doesn't help that some of sources are basically forgeries from 19th century.
The same applies to paying at POS terminals, also preferably pay contactlessly so that the terminal doesn't get chance to ask for DCC
We use the word Venkov which means rural area for literally anything outside of Prague
There are unwritten standards
Our prime minister actually straight up owns like half of all mainstream newpapers, so that's where we're at
Just tell me what's bigger there, a mosquito or a cow?
Catholic "world" is lagging behind in the majority of disciplines.
Even though he had a Czechoslovak citizenship until 1934 he was still a German
I still like living here, the rural areas are beautiful, there’s a lot of things to see and do and because we’re in the middle of Europe (I know that’s technically Lithuania) we don’t have to travel too long to go to other places
"Hey check it out, that fool thinks he is able to learn Czech
The only difference is that nowadays there is one handle for everything; 30 years ago the windows had a handle for opening and a lever in the bottom corner to switch between horizontal/vertical
Brave and stunning
I meant media ("mainstream media").
Eastern Europe was in many areas, totaly destroyed, no western european country can come closer except maybe Germany itself.
It wasnt so controversial topic lets say 15+ years back
Well if the guys in CERN did not build the time machine all would be alright, Lets blame the Swiss now.
Well, there was silver mine Marie, where, during fire in 1892, died 319 miners
Would somewhere like Breda also be quite Belgian-feeling
But then you have astronomical costs of living, living in a big city.
Sure, how about we allow all Americans to come in without restrictions?
* homeland — domovina
I don't exactly like it as I find the sound of it somewhat *artificial* for lack of better words
Next time don't vote for leftists/Islam lovers perhaps
Doesn't mean the ones here are, they are probably just preparing to launch new ones
There is lesbian porn and many categories, which are popular among gays.
Overall in general madej/mladá is used when people are just dating and starej/stará for when two are married.
Not sandwich with cheese
We still get Germans and Austrians coming here to get hoes, everyone goes home happy, no reason not to say it loud :D
Not really, you usually exit through one of the doors at the back tho, the front is for entrance only
Or when a Slovak asks a Czech for *"horká čokoláda"* ("dark chocolate", literally "bitter chocolate"), they get "hot chocolate" instead
Unfortunately it will probably get rejected in the other chamber of our Parliament
I think that had we actually ignored Těšínsko for a while and allied with them instead we could definitely have a chance
"ć" is weird, only savages write it like that.
Ten of them are also on Prague TV Tower.
I loved Denmark for the bicycle culture and overall positivity, Romania for the countryside, Lithuania for the language and fascinating history etc
) But Stoly stály
Yeah, everything paid by European money is at least three times more expensive and Czechia is full of useless projects existing only because subventions.
3 million)
Karaiskakis was regular on /b/.
There kinda is though, the "ch" sound is like pronouncing "t" + "sh" at the same time
Apparently they don't come to take any land, though, they only want the beer and to fuck some shit up
Idk what to think about it, but Novotný seems like a cool dude
We don't have the power to block that.
Probably Slovakia
But Koněv also did help with the liberation, and most people don’t like him, because he was a Soviet (and with all the stuff that happened here after the war - the socialist era
Says that we can not pick only good achievements when thinking about our cultural identity, but have to be aware that there bad things that share roots with the good ones
Totally agree
The people we voted for were minority in the parliament
Travel programme "Objektiv" still has some Slovak hosts
Haha, yeah, usually it's like that
Honestly what keeps it from spreading is its incredibly bad quality - it's just not a well-written book.
Male: Hunter, Oscar
High school should end at B2 in my opinion, but I don't know if we'll ever get there
red notebook - lined paper
In other words, you can't cherry pick the best of the federation without giving something in return
Pepsi nebo coca-colu seženeš všude, kofola je klasika
Slivovice (distilled plum spirit)
And our people should not be forced into a union with other people that frankly cannot be asked to give a damn.
We have never done anything bad to each other in history.
He is hanged and the girlfriend commits suicide by drowning herself
In Czechia- Twice per year to the dentist for check (its included in your insurance) and twice per year to dental hygienist (paying this from my pocket)
He isn’t a communist, nor are his buddies from STB, they are just cronies - oligarch wannabes - with enough power and dirt to push his agenda
Nope, not by a long shot
I would need a stable person who I can depend on to be there.
I only own Walther PPQ in 9mm and I'm looking to replace it with some .22.
Words like *bureaucracy* or *photography*.
Instead, Gottwald occupied these now free positions, deployed the police to suppress revolts and arrest enemies based on Soviet orders and intelligence and pushed through the 1948 constitution, threatening Beneš with civil war if he refused
It was Russian, starts to be English.
It was also reddit who taught me you could hate UPS/DHL/insert your least favourite courier not just because being late but also for damaging the package or leave it in a way someone could steal it
Easily: fried cheese with tartar sauce on top + fries with ketchup on top
We oversimplify the most important bits
Cool
Switzerland, Canada and the Czech republic all have verry liberal gun laws, yet they are extremly safe.
We have up to 4
"The other side"
And to answer your first question, no, it's not the same thing
If a foreigner gains Czech citizenship, s/he can keep the current name(s) but the limit of 2 still applies
Juncker is from Luxembourg, which is in Western Europe.
They would wipe out part of the society and try to "nazify" the rest.
They usually make them promise something and put up a great act (I’ve seen one year where they acted as if they are a judge and jury) and when they promise, they have to eat something gross
Use bus instead
I'm living in one of the smallest distrcits in Prague and we don't even have a football pitch, but for some reason we have one for rugby, so local kids tend to join the club
Relaxation is more, ehm, relaxing than work
People with good intentions should ASK if they can stay
> Eggs are sold not refrigerated
I (female) also didn't learn much about cooking until I moved out for college, and I feel like that's not uncommon, in some families you're just expected to figure it out for youself later
Good luck with learning though
Because I've never heard anyone using "New Europe" in any other context.
Which is quite different from "guns are bad".
I've been there as a teenager and I loved it
But victory in the presidential election was razor-thin and Biden victory was only clear after several days of counting and republicans actually WON new seats in the house of representatives
And it's not something any government so far wanted to get dirty with because it will be painful and the benefits will come decades later, which is way past the horizon the 4-year-electorate cares about
Yeah, it only took us quarter of a century to sort of, almost get atleast near western Europe.
So lockdown not only killed our economy but also just moved the coronavirus to the winter when it will be even more deadly combined with the flu season
The fact is that many companies take one product, make it two different ways and then they send the worse and cheaper one to central and eastern europe while they keep the good stuff in Germany and the rest of the western europe
Our parliamentary system is getting killed by direct presidential elections
too bad there's no sea anywhere nearby :'(
Combining fruit dumplings with the vanilla sauce from *buchtičky s krémem*? Sounds like a winner to me
It's 'venkov' in Czech Republic, which means exactly the same thing as 'vidék'.
Was Marianne that lady with her tit out
Same with Lichtenstein and even Switzerland
In general, language teachers prefer Zoom because of the fact you can make groups there
Nowhere
Perfection
Not in Amsterdam
We're already making enough
Eating after 2000 is a big no no on one of them
They were extremely active tho,  i think they constantly had 20-30k people online
Most likely
We've learned modified greek alphabet first (brought by Byzantines).
I see you took to the true masters of the craft for your own one hehehe
Regular police officer have nothing to do with Babis
I dare say I know more about the region than your average European, but I would still love to explore the area a lot more
Didn’t they also bomb Khreschatyk while retreating from Germans with mines hidden in homes along the road
*Host řekl servírce: "Nos na stůl!", a servírka položila nos na stůl.*
Despite all ideological circus, they were technocrtas focused on the economical development in conditions of the Cold War and our geopolitical situation
Well, the car has been sitting in the parking lot for a week, then disappeared
I understand Russian a bit but don't speak it
It's interesting how has the English nationalism risen up in popularity since Brexit.
[The Bullingdon Club] style and manners
I wouldn't call svíčková fast food
I dropped it before finishing the first season.
Czechs see him as Czech
I thought those were removed already in the 60s or so
Džon mejd his vej tu e tevrn trů d dárk forest, only tu fajnd aut dat hý forgat d many
MasterCard/VISA does not imply credit card.
Only if you live in city center and look of the building is protected by historians, you have to have regular wooden ones
Oh for sure, but it was still not a birthday I will likely remember
Vice versa
It would be VERY cool if you would "open the project" and connect it with the wikiworld through [wikidata] If you would be willing to do that, I offer my help if you are not familiar with wiki-fu.
[Entropa] was a pretty good attempt to "european countries in a nutshell" artwork
Bazmek/bazmeg is a totally innocent slang word in Czech
// update, over 11k yesterday, we are fucked
We also have a party that ran for the elections to European Parlament named EuTroll, and its only purpose according to its founders was to make money and Troll the Eu
Meaning of "Kowalski" could be translated as "the smith". Keeping in mind that smith is a profession it could be expanded as "of profession of smith". OPs idea behind "of" may be right
Ruoti FIN
Poland: Yeah, you can copy my homework, just make it slightly different
No, but:
] [You
Not really happy with it, but look at the anthem of the Soviet Union
My high school had regular size lockers for everything
No basketball hoops
Not that much really, i definitely view it closer than any other region, but not particularly close
That sounds very melodic and there are a lot of vowel sounds and not many consonants
>'Tschechei'
I was thinking more about the 90s.
Táhni, když se o tom už mluví tak to zmíním. Jestli to nebylo dostatečně patrné, tak jsem to myslel obecně a ne cíleně.
Taking Germany as example you can very easily see that the Nazi guilt is not as prevalent in the East Germany as it is in the West Germany.
If it was about popular vote then the candidates would behave differently, campaign in different states and people would have different voting habits too.
Really
I find pumping a shotgun especially *therapeutic* as you said.
I was talking about when the amendment was submitted
His 'socialism in one country' really fucked over wherever the Union went.
They are both Indo-European languages
Government spending is important to the overall economic performance of the country.
Czechia is with you brothers
[The Bullingdon Club] style and manners
Fuck federalisation, fuck onespeed europe, fuck multispeed europe even more
€31 monthly = 15GB data + unlimited calls and SMS
Atleast the turks that own kebab stalls or different shops where they sell oriental stuff etc.
Never ever seen that
I'm aware of three main points:
And they also alienated the Japan
Also, no shoes
z = from
Medvídek mýval - -> little washer bear as well
It looks terrible
Also Slovenia is like our small forgotten twin
proposal to increase citizens' security
That hypothesis is waaaay out there.
I didn't say instigate, I said help
It fucks over the average jow programmer, but if you are awesome at your job, odds are you will get paid much more.
When I got to the last part of the title, I was really horrified for a moment
Every faithful Muslim saying or writting his name has to add the benediction *Peace be upon him
That's to distinguish between the Polish part and the Czech part of the divided city, both are Těšín in Czech language
after less than a year I didn't need the subtitles
Whether we like it or not, America is economically and militarily the most important country in the West
[This] is the universal solution to all Internet-related problems.
I had internship in the Netherlands, while Dutch mentality is OK for Czechs, some nationalities had some issues there.
The Internet remembers
Not with Czechia included in it
Also to disentangle some of the above names which I know:
If you play a devil, remember before sitting down that you have a tail
I personally never tried but I have a couple of friends who did a sort of road trip around Europe, but they did it in a small group (or even just 2 people, not sure) so that's a bit different I guess.
Yes, a lot of people here forget about it.
I don't acctually know situations of other countries, but I think that there is problem with imigration to Canada.
10\^9 = miliarda
somebody stole my scooter when I was 10
Seconded
We've got a lot of them
where are you from if you don't mind asking
Other weapons are not regulated at all
Robota drogova would remind me selling drugs as robota means work in Slovakia
The important difference here is that the spies in France, the UK or US did not actively partake in a coup d'etat that establish a 40 year long totalitarian regime
It has a lot to do with our history, having catholicism forced down our throats after the Battle of White Mountain and forced recatholization drove off a lot of people
Just wait for a while
" and "Get aaut of hieah
We should rename to ,,Lands of the Czech Crown"
Now in Czech, it's not actually Vladimir Poopin but instead Italian man Franchesco Serruti
in Italy their bread is heavenly.
I'm very proud of Western Poles not falling for PiS propaganda
700
I personally also use
The only reason I own an iron is because my friend gave hers to me saying she was probably never gonna use it again
I am willing to admit the debt trap narrative might be incorrect
Y back then) has better command of the language that his generation
You guys don't speak Czech in Slovakia
> They were also the only one of the three who enjoyed significant material/territorial gains from the war
I saw it
Would that mean bringing back the medieval Kingdom of Bohemia, or would we just be ruled by the Austrians again?
I won't edit it though, it makes it seem like I've been sarcastic and makes me sounds like more interesting person than I actually am.
I send it all to pension funds, so it is kinda like cash but with lot of fuzz
Obviously we dont get retarded russians to come in
Very dark is the other side, very dark
then yes
0 in 2017 for Poland, 11
Does/Can any French person think about the Vichy France and its puppet regime anything positive?
In effect, both stabbing and shooting someone at point-blank range are trivially easy
Protection of property, health and life are valid reason to get a gun license and a gun permitting a concealed carry
Surprised to see no gray in the Czech bar, with all the Hare Krishna people in prague
Czech republic of course
On the other hand it is virtually impossible to do such map accurately without it being a complete mess and it will be heavily disputed anyway
Compulsory education is now 9 years (was 10 when I was in school) and is usually completely covered by primary education with elementary schools for 9 years
Probably ODS/KDU-ČSL/TOP 09/STAN coalition for the next Parliamentary election
Because the regime had to approve every piece of art (music, movies, books), the dominant genre was pop - not many heavy themes, sometimes just songs from west translated to czech
) Both masculinum, but it depends on whether animatum or inanimatum
But those are small individual issues and not reflective of the whole development
How far in are you
I would be faster if I had better router and network cards at home
On the other hand, though, aggressive arguing and trying real hard to convince others you are not Eastern European
Very nice praise the machine spirit bro
Othen than that: fortunately no and I don't think that will change any time soon, as we are one of the most atheist countries in the world (which is understandable, we went through a fair share of religious wars in the past)
There are endless discussions and edit wars about Czechia vs Czech Republic (Česko vs Česká Republika) at the Czech wikipedia.
Doesn't seem that surprising to me.
[No doubt about that
For people enjoying gameplay its nothing neckbreaking
Czechs: Yeah, we can speak slovakian
But that's all, you get no other benefits.
I don't remember movies where they tried Czech really, only now I remember one single line in the last Spiderman when they were supposed to be in Prague and some extra told him in Czech that he dropped (the pivotal) glasses, but none of my friends understood her, we were just confused why this sentence wasn't subtitled and WTF and it took time to realize it was supposed to be Czech sentence
You need to escape the number like this: `\7
Im not even Czech I just live here but the UK isnt like the US on this either, I was in and out the family home till 25, my cousin moved back home after divorce and was there till 40 before getting married again
The minority that doesn't want to can opt out.
Czechia, in Czech it would be basically Čechia which is female
by quick google it is episode 12 from season 3  but I don't remember anything from that so I am going to watch it again now
Refugees from Czechoslovakia to Austria in 1968:
I am not expecting every piece of software on old hardware is going to be supported endlessly, these more than five years of support on iphones are more than enough for me so I was never forced to update phone because of that
About 2/3 of the kids come from the church, the rest are usually their parent’s friend’s kids
The Czech and Slovak republics under the federal one had been created, and were supposed to be given their own constitutions - it never happened though
You're just hiking through a forrest and suddenly you get a message from your operator welcoming you to another country
One of my favorite czech foods.
Go to different seller, rinse and repeat until  summer's out
And Easter Monday is not much a Chritian holiday, the important stuff happens before during Easter
Shorter versions - [1] [2]
You sign up for a driving lessons.
If I have here on Reddit learned something about stats it is that we have to always take them with the grain of salt.
There was even [thread] about it.
No so much far right movements but far right ideals adopted by *seemingly* moderate politicians.
My AČR friends always enjoy their drills in the baltic countries
Crew of an ambulance vehicle is a driver-paramedic and a paramedic, or a driver-paramedic, a paramedic, and a doctor, or the former plus another fast car or SUV with a driver and a doctor.
Thanks for helping me keep my sanity
Poland and Hungary for supporting our case against the EU gun ban at the EU court
You mean the government considers that your permanent address
Oh, that's surprising, we have Billas and Pennys
I'm not 100% sure, but I think 2 semesters of English are mandatory on every University.
Plumbers, electricians, gasmen, bricklayers and other tradesmen who do house repairs and installations are usually very well off
Waiter either keeps tabs at the bar, or each table/person has their own - it looks like this:
But for some reason churros with chocolate is something I find awful
Ancient, not antique, and Egypt really has nothing to do with this
I understand a lot of their concerns, specially the ones about immigration.
Český Krumlov
Every UN member is supposed to state its long name and the short name in the country's language and in the official UN languages
I can imagine a story arc where a main character wonders whether there's another assassin in the city only to discover it was Pérák all along
Logan's run book was published 5 years latter and the movie 16 year latter, but the 60s was a fountain of inspiration in general
Shelters
Cool, I didn't know it was that popular :D Maybe we should promote it more, tourists in Prague nowadays seem to be more into absinthe
My compatriots (Czech Republic) don't really give a damn about Russian corruption.
State, neither companies help women with maternity care.
Sorry about that
Czexit, meaning simply leaving EU, won't work for us very well
If it isn't what he meant, he can just tell me
Well in that case, probably better to go clean shaven for now and come back in a couple years
The main problem with tourism in Prague (and maybe some other Czech towns where it's mostly foreign tourists wealthier than us) is locals being priced out of real estate and rents and everything being owned by foreign "investors". Which obviously isn't a fault of the tourists themselves, it's happening because of missing regulations, but it's no wonder that it makes the majority of locals, who don't benefit from tourism much at all, quite salty
It's Greek to me
Christ they're still at it
Heck, don't even lock them up, just let them go somewhere a few thousands kilometers from Europe.
Hm interesting
Probably [this one] It's from the 1989 protests that were part of the Velvet revolution and fall of communism
Europeans, What is your least favorite neighboring country?
isn't the nicest looking place by a long shot
I certainly hope so, because I've been drinking it since ever
let me go back on that
[33]
I wouldn't say entering the war a mistake
Wait
That shows that Karel Hynek Mácha was indeed a genious linguist
"No
It was a game with Soviets and a radical Czechoslovak Stalinists for whom even Bilak was unacceptable "revisionist". After most of Černík's government and communist party leadership were arested, president Svoboda kicked out "leninist government" led by Alois Indra, and started negotiate directly with the Soviet leadership, went in Moscow, succeeded to force releasing Dubček and other arrested communist leaders and ministers
Similarly the l-ł contrast (two l sounds) might be still retained
WW2 is actually two separate wars at the same time
Also reign of Rudolph II
All videos with auto subs have them are off by default for me and I can switch them on and off as I please
Maybe only if have their own eggs, but that's all
The largest evidence for this theory was a hoax spread after November 17 about Martin Šmíd, a student who was supposedly killed in the Massacre on Národní.
We paint the floor in Union Jack colours after taking a header from one of your balconies
I was little surprised that reddit won the race with other media in this case (that someone didn't told me earlier for example)
Czechia getting worse and worse
He managed to carve himself a nice little corner in the Czech political spectrum where he woos gullible idiots into voting for him using fearmongering populist bullshit and he profits off of it
I think the Asians are just gifted.
] The original timeline, as you can clearly see, was unchanged by Fukushima
I'll be boring and say that I like to play CK2 as Great Moravia and go for the Slavic Church alternate history line
TOP 09 is more liberal and is the most pro-EU party
I looked it up and there were around 22 cases of bad meat from Poland in the last 6 years
Hopefully we gonna be blue as well
"Vy vyl vyn, tejkyd ízy, bat tejkyd
Nowadays, there are many different uses for these parts of landscape including nature preserves amd game enclosures, solar power plants, housing, light industry zones or sporting (e.g. ultralights and similar) airports
Because letting Russia have the whole eastern europe under their curtain did work really well last time.
Soviet Union
Balkans end with Slovenia, Hungary and Romania
Cops in car cautiously stopping another car
You ought to be pissed at the voters that voted in politicians after Thatcher and Raegan for not desiring this.
This is funny to me that "Láska" means love in Czech
And I would still have about 15k eur left
Bus drivers here always leave the lights off unless we're nearing a bus stop
- head of Government is chosen by the president, it's most likely the leader of the winning party
High school history, which I finished last year - as far as international events we pretty much got to Obama and then a quick rundown of the most recent events; as far as Czech history, we got to the dissolution of Czechoslovakia, but the rest we had no time for unfortuantely.
Right, cause the ideological inconsistency has always stopped high ranking communist officials from enriching themselves through political power in the past
I cringe extremely hard when I see "white people" generalisations and US racial politics in general, the ever so prevalent American view on ancestry and nationality which is driven by their mindset to be unique - e.g. claiming German, Czech, Polish, Italian etc
... and that's just a few of them
I am interested in Syrian war since it started and often discuss it on internet and i can say only few people really support Bashar
[…]
Contrary to general opinion, mainstream econ is very syncretic and ready to assist people.
To je smutný. Je mi líto současných teenagerů.
The problem of V4 is, that Orbán and PiS are hardliners, so Czechia and Slovakia won't associate with them.
Are you challenging us
In Karlovy Vary (North), it didn't snow at all, only frozen dew in the morning
I mean yeah, the planning of these is really drawn-out, but isn't that to be expected for every big infrastructure project
They are bored because there is no view
Whether or not he is responsible or not for the good economic situation we have now.
I mean 3rd
As for commissioners at the EC (or judges at the ECJ), I haven't heard of any country where people elect technocrats to offices
In a universe where Austria-Hungary existed and pretty much all HRE Emperors since 16th century were simultaneously Kings of Hungary
Cities here (and probably everywhere) are generally very anonymous.
Dont ask, you will see it under the command of Angela Merkel and other western leftist
It's more of an ultra-left/PC vs.
She has seen wild virgin european landscape yet untouched by agriculture.
Unsurprisingly the side that lost patience and attacked lost
European cities are much more compact and rely on public transport.
You know what's even sadder
And Putin and his fellas are no idiots, they know that very well too - hence why they are rather trying to push a longer term hybrid war instead of going all in and declaring WW3 straight away.
Reminder to buy all the plastic crack from Games Workshop before they go back to turnip farming.
So was Ottokar II
Not OP, but: Čeština je těžší než další jazyky, které jsem se naučil, ale mám cizí jazyky velmi rád. Také je pro mě zajímavé, že čeština je úplně jiná a každá věc, kterou se dozvím, mi dělá radost
[Rear side]
I absolutely agree with you, my point was just to share my own experience with healthcare where I live, not to say that the same thing would happen in the US as well
15€/month for 50mbps optical, no limit
They are scary but cool
Both have close to 100 judges
Im sure knife injuries are also underreported but its much easier to explain a cut by saying it was an accident than doing the same for a gun shot
Spalovač Mrtvol is a psychological thriller/horror type of movie.
I also believe this is part of a reason why czechs are more liberal about all of those topics mentioned than the rest of post-communist countries (I've read about for instance that a lot of people left Slovakia for CZ because of it's more gay friendly attitude).
No surprise there either
Not really, but the prenounciation Is quite difficult to learn
Also some people try to follow English rules for ordinal numbers, writing "1ní" ("první") like the English "1st" (first) but that is really crazy and the only way to write correctly is "1
Americans have become needlessly soft.
Since you liked Pilsner Urquell, you might want to try another Czech beer - Czechvar.
no opinion of czechs and slovaks, typical
> Then if you want you can write printed-like but nobody will teach you that
I also greatly enjoyed visiting Montenegro and Albania, but I feel that it's best to visit this region during springtime.
Parona IT
When the crisis come ppl need to craft protective equipment to survive because state is unprepared to protect the nation
Calling everybody Austrian in the whole empire would be very bold anyway
The honorary mention could also be the [Ministry of Interior building] looming over Prague
for some reason, I can't even look at this monstrous person
It's just an observation from other people that Polish truck drivers are the most dangerous ones
Ok, bye
Another problem was that people here also didn't use to know that you can just ask for free tap water if you desire so, which is something that was also promoted during the campaign.
Where I come from for teenagers 15+ summer jobs are common.
yes, if you mean something like three or five miles
**Populist parties** - **ANO** and **SPD**. I am hesitant to put these together but they are both heavily populist and have similar voters
Maybe read up on what happened during the war, then
Even the train ride from the airport can be more expensive than the flight itself
They all kinda taste just like ethanol to me
The UK leaving doesn't help either.
These who invested are screwed and fucked now.
What's in your head
ever collapsed
Nobody gives a shit
The wikipedia sample is wierd, is it correct?
It's not, sadly
I'd say "Hynku
Yea I just saw it in an article about the new James Bond movie
VPN should solve this right
Well, what else was I even expecting
obviously other czechs will have wildly different opinions
That's nothing
U těch bastardích jmen mi to zrovna moc nevadí, tam je podle mě důležitý si při čtení připomínat, že jim prostě říkají jinak a podle něčeho, čeho je v tom kraji příliš, aby se líp vnímalo to stigma kolem
When I was little I also thought Vltava flows "down" like on a map, and have to remind myself that it flows "up"
Don’t get me wrong, nothing was falling off and there weren’t any foul smells to report, but it was VERY dated
what I am saying is not against Poland
The aging and alcoholism just counted that in the last years
Prague, CZ, 20 minutes by subway
I understand Russian a bit but don't speak it
The EU is currently suing the countries that refused them and might fine them
And secondly, as the other poster said, automated filters won't care
Cool, I appreciate that you are trying
lul
Only in case you meet someone with the same opinion as mine, which may be not that common tbh
You can't just have people settle their debts to you, without also settling your debts to them.
If it goes poorly, nope, totally not a date we just went to hang out
Use pepper spray for home defense
Some units have MP5 SMGs, MP7 PDWs, or G36 and HK416 assault rifles in their cars
Mate, if it were Slovaks instead of you, it would be way worse
I am not complaining
Ale poslední český král je Karel I., císař rakouský, 1916-1918
There are also the situations where someone asks me to translate an English text and I can 100% understand what the text means but I just can't think of the words in Czech
hah maybe a bit of both, secret police had baseline with sound detectors next to my house, we had no idea for years even tho my grandpa been called to a police headquarters a few times (he completed a few fully working semi- professional radio devices, so that is why) I was told this by my friend because his grandpa was THAT secret cop who worked next to our house, kinda funny story I think I don 't know why am I telling you this
They are in wider centre in the [south]
They import priests from abroad (mostly from Poland), to get as many people as possible back on their religious track.
We used to be a part of the HRE, but it would just sound silly otherwise
I understand the negativity toward black (gypsies) and Muslim people here, good old xenophobic Czechia
I'm happy my country contributes so much these days
People ranging from sensible humans with true equality in mind to utter lunatics.
If a woman takes her top off while sunbathing she will generally be the only one in the group or she is prone (face down) in which case she is not actually showing anything, she just doesn't want to have lines from the straps on her back
Burning witches is better
Loud, obnoxious, rude, aggressive, very prone to crime (especially stealing and drugs), very prone to never work a day in their lives and instead have 10+ kids with their cousins and milk benefits
It’s not that we feel the language’s soul or something, unlike in German, there are noun declinations, every word falling into one of them, depending on the combination of forms in different cases
Odoacer
I spent half a year in Lithuania and thought that the Lithuanian flag was everywhere
Ah, I was worried Relay was censoring swearing (in polish
Our Minister of Health breaking his own goddamn Anti-Covid state of emergency rules
That's called Angolan War of Independence (1961–1974)
But for normal drinking tap water it is
Body - points in czech
Well no way to access a gun legally
San Marino: always forgot you exists
But it's only used in a derogatory way, so obviously spoken quite rarely as we don't complain about Germans much :)
it's from the late 19th century, there's a bank inside and I think there are apartments in the upper floors
I am from podebrady and i can only say its true
The problem is that the schema Conservatives versus SocDem became only deception of people long ago and they come to relize it now
Buying can be a bit hard because it's illegal to sell alcohol to minors but it can be done
After six weeks in Switzerland I came home and I could have sworn every conversation I overheard in the tram was in French
The Kingdom of Bohemia (present day Czech rep.) was in western spehere of influence during its long history.
Cheers
They should end their policy this year, so let's see what this will do.
It's in regards to Horizon 2020 programme, but at least something.
I think he meant slot machines.
Although it looks like it was renovated around 2017 and it [looks a bit better] doesn't hurt the eyes as much
What is said in the article boils down to "But there have to be rules
It’s not technically grammatical, but here it goes:
Czechia can finally into Germany
At this point, the hider is *zapikaný*. I really wonder where the root *pik* comes from
Basically a ban on everything that looks like a military rifle.
Ok now, who used to think this pastry can be found in your country only
Been to Copenhagen and expected a bit more, there are more interesting places in Denmark
But my kids will probably not build many snowmen
Do you feel at some point the EU should stop expanding then?
Even after independent Czechoslovakia was declared, it was generally accepted that the new state would be a monarchy
Lol, go ahead and try to fly to Turkey to protest in favor of Merkel.
It had paragliders drawing the Lithuanian flag on the sky, NATO jets flying over, some Lithuanian bands playing, some important people sending their good wishes to Ukraine and such
It doesn't seem weird that it's not in Prague tbh
Nevertheless, I hope something is done about this
But I'm far from expert
well going to PL would probably help with that, you dont have to go to polish internet to meet such people :)
Maybe, just maybe, the problem is with the voters.
You have it wrong
Mind you, they seem to be doing a pretty good job
Which is pretty much heresy in Czech Rep.
I am basing the percentages on the election results not polls although there's been very little change anyway
* Macbeth: unknown word here and there, but otherwise perfectly ok
>we can't really use ceramic or other hard material, as they would get frozen and crack in the winter
Library card
You look to the future and you learn from the past.
and in the 90s when Serbia had a conflict with the US, Russia was the biggest defender of Serbia.
Who is great need not be long/tall!
[…] Online content-sharing service providers should also put in place effective and expeditious
It's not something I would add to my menu for a regular meal but I liked it quite a bit and if I'm in the Mediterranean I always have it
Don't worry, Trump keeps reminding us why we need united Europe
> ‘maatje’.
It's the responsibility of the younger generations to get over it and look at the past events objectively and without biases
No one is denying that
So you are saying that Varoufakis has a hunch that ECB acted politically?
Couscous, the semolina pasta, is called kuskus in czech
Nice, almost perfect translation :D now try pronouncing it xd
It has to do with democracy if the decision of the bank was motivated by a political influence.
There have been several studies proving that too small classes are as ineffective as large ones, mainly for the reason that they required more interaction from all students which is uncomfortable for shy/introverted students and may cause anxiety
There also is Brno institute for insulting Prague but there are mostly people from Prague who are insulting an occasional vesničan cuz there is no internet in the oppidum
because they aren't cheapskates like us and put proper ingredients into it.
I speak Russian for decades
...and Wikipedia
So we're basically "the people"
We might have grammar from hell, but at least our pronounciation is mostly consistent.
I like the language, and the cars they used to make
k - to, towards, for
Then you may change your mind :)
Yes, that sounds about what I am going to do
Georgia - Gruzie
The rest are random games, porn and hobby subreddits I had no interest in
Mladá Boleslav: Škoda cars
Game is free, everything is inside free
They have been rabies-free since 2002.
Řekli jsme
It is camouflage, so he can move on the hunting grounds named Berlin without any suspicion, to tame some wild BMWs that are just standing there all alone on parking lot.
1 - we invented contact lenses
Ehm, I mean yeah you’re not wrong
How did you feign to be Mafia members
The US has military interests in SE Asia, the ME and NA.
I was there as a child, it was stop on the way to Barcelona  -  and yes, the public elevators were something else
And another third is Trump/Sanders subs
This was terribly confusing for me while learning English - in Czech, Slovakia is Slovensko and Slovenia is Slovinsko
For example:
If the US stops being a German ally it might actually be reasonable.
Your unemployment rate went down drastically this summer.
Fortunately, some czech names were rejected: lithium(Li)-japík, beryllium(Be)-sladík, bor(B)-bledník, fluor(F)-kazík, fosfor(P)-kostík, chlor(Cl)-solík, titan(Ti)-chasoník, chrom(Cr)-barvík, kobalt(Co)-ďasík, nikl(Ni)-broník, arsen(As)-otrušík, selen(Se)-švábel, brom(Br)-brudík, tellur(Te)-župel, jod(I)-řasík, wolfram(W)-chvořík, osmium(Os)-voník or uran(U)-nebesník
It was kind of a fancy thing, not that many Czech schools had lockers at the time, but I think they're quite common nowadays
But we don't make nearly as much as you
Millions of criminal-prone legal immigrants are still here and they're still causing trouble.
While Vienna was growing, Prague was in decline.
Search for the Slovak one here - the Bratislava picture is the most famous in regards to 1968 Warsaw Pact invasion
I am not sure I should be happy or sad, Schultz looks like a massive cock judging from his time in the EU Parliament.
Oh, and we used to kick ass in fucking [cycle ball]
Helping Greece with defence is a big difference from interfering with internal conflict in Mali
New
We have a saying that Czechia is the grain of sand between the gearwheels of west and east
I don't like it together with the pizza, but I find some other use for it so I don't have to feel bad for wasting food
Might have something to do with that, too.
That is also a common way to distinguish Czech men
Especially with 1500 engine as Skoda didn’t produce these
Read on Masaryk's opinions on the church
Do you believe that HIV just magically stays contained in drug addicts circle and doesn´t spread among other parts of society?
I misinterpreted that as an environmental claim, my bad
Bonfire, music, chill-out and witch costume party for kids
Beatiful, we can't wait
They do a lot of works around house and parents dont pay them minimum wage
AT LAST
I barely knew her
> The Hawaii comparison is poor
You did some crazy shit in WW2 too
That's almost my first job salary
You just don't know what is real anymore.
[Sobotka's rap (remix of the previous vid)]
They usually paint all over other students and the school building (which they must clean up afterwards tho), wet them and interrupt classes to draw more
What the hell happened here
It's natural for us and the present-day obsession with copyrighting and patenting every fart needs to stop
Not so close as Slovak language but still pretty close.
I'd say Mikulov, it's quite the way away (about 4-5 hours from Prague), but it's a really beautiful town
I don't know if there's a direct translation, to be honest I don't even know how I would  say "entitled" in the sense of a personal charasteristics in Czech
If documentary doesn't have voiceover of Pavel Soukup then it is not documentary
Bohemia sounds more cool
sorry but that is not a definition of a tourist trap
It's certain though that Germany would still be in economic shit post-WW1 and so Hitler would probably get in power anyway
>Fucked up immigration policies
>  What I'm used to is dumpling and hard boiled egg
I personally know it from Strictly and on this subreddit, they say it's a place where young people go to lose virginity (or smth like that)
To hear what's actually trending in the world, you could listen to radio stations from abroad (but that was illegal i believe)
o LEGO vna
But by opening more trade routes, supporting tourism, help with crime eradication or even some direct aid (like TB antibiotics for free etc.)
Wow, we jihočeši got out the best of this
A proč? To sem nikdy neviděl
Even the guy who basically saved Czech language did not write or believe in the language, he just found it interesting.
Here, it's a combination of staring and talking behind your back.
But also Austria-Hungary
Let those pieces of shit destroy the European civilization?
I think English just changes the languages which adapt words from it but they won’t perish
Totally worth it
Media says yes, but personally, I haven't noticed any panic
So I simplifed the letters to the point, that most of my handwriting is basically a print with some cursive influence
Hmm
IT department
not only soviet army
Czech republic is full of atheists so it's kinda normal for us
Every member of my family who was alive at the time took some part in the velvet revolution in 1989
> I thought the Iron Curtain was a real, physical object, some sort of border fortifications system,
**Cycling infrastructure
316 of
There are literally thousands of ways Czech-out would completely crush us, and this needs to be explained in simple terms to the voters before they get totally brainwashed by the Russian age-- err, I mean "Czech patriots".
I thought  the rule is easy: if it's "что делатЬ", then -тЬся, for "что делает, что делают" it's -тся
Pigeons: not a thing
Is it the parliamentary resolution concerning Security from Feb 13, that started the constitutional crisis
You've just triggered Moravian nationalists.
Those filthy Poles made us change it and I don't like it
But if so, then you're right that there shouldn't be any discrimination and that homosexual couples should have the same chance at adopting a child as heterosexual couples.
"Czechia, it's like Austria but worse"
He will get sooner or later arrested
Kick them out of the Eurozone and let them default on the debt already.
Everywhere I ordered the same Caramel Macchiato and personally the worst was in Spain
I think I'll pass, thanks
as they told us you're doing it better...
If on an equal market, you get cheaper goods from Carrefour than from your local supermarket, how is that not a benefit for you?
" -awkard silence- "Okay\~" ... Now apparently, I am meant to unravel all my plans to him to start conversation
I find the [mustard flavored chips] to be a total abomination.
How come, that much poorer countries (Baltic states, Slovakia) adopted Euro and they grow a lot?
Meh:
Every year I read or hear how it will be abolished "soon" and yet
You usually live in tents and do a lot of fun actvity stuff while there
I use English wikipedia the most
Hungary has real problem with poverty.
It's not clear whether you were accusing her of racism or the company as a whole (limitation of the English language).
With winter time all year long it would be at 20:15
* Saitama
I love how Croatia hates being called the Balkans as much as we hate being called Eastern Europe.
so we think, but we're tossing allies away and losing influence in return for Russia.
Quoting a Wehrmacht general of old: "I want to see mountains again, Adolf, mountains!"
And the "beasts"? Well Heydrich was killed by the Anthropoid group and was the highest ranking Nazi assasinated during WW2
People working in offices are wearing suit and tie just because they are working in an office
This makes me so irrationally angry
Exactly the same here
Yes, Czech Republic does (for non-EU citizens).
Czech children with ketchup
Of course it isn't end all be all but it is a good example of the quality of the administration, there are of course countless other proofs of the qualitative difference of Edo period Japan, like a functioning professional police force and a widespread education system.
The same goes for Sudetengermans
I am missing exchange shops with outrageously inconvenient exchange rates
Stadiums built by slave labor
Vysočina - the Alabama of Czechia
Like wtf, germans are their neighbors and they can't even recognize that I am not speaking german.
Not the nation you mentioned, maybe still worth a bit: thing to bear in mind in Czech surnames: they differ for men and for women
> While here sometimes I can go weeks without seeing anyone that isn't a South Slav
Would like to see that
I'm also from small town/big village and I lock my doors only when I go sleep
What about we compare ourselves to Benelux or Scandinavia?
Seeing as he's quoting data from the World Bank that significantly differs from the actual World Bank data
If only he had put his huge talent to a good use and built industry, trade and cooperation, rather than waging a senseless war
we have word host, that means guest
How can people not be aware of this?
Just google "koňsky salám"
German beer is highly regarded in the world as a whole, while the Dutch Heineken is one of the most common brands worldwide
Poland is just the one with a few negative stereotypes that the other countries don't have, but nowadays I would say most of Czechs would actually choose Germany as the least favourite neighbour because of Merkel's policy on refugees.
Generally, people go to neighbouring countries for weekends quite a lot
I like it because it's the only foreign language I can speak
It just looks like an American tried to mark EU countries on map
Germany and Ireland are the obvious choices, less obvious is Prague and Nordics.
To be fair, when I went to Finland years ago, I kinda thought that some of the areas in the north are permanently covered in snow
They work to make the city better and safer for pedestrians, bikers and public transport commuters (at the expense of personal car transportation)
We have a town called Aš. It is the shortest name in the Czech Republic, I think
There are regions in Western Moravia which speak closely to it but they still sometimes differ in regional expressions and pronunciation
This is why socialism is coming from the west, not from the east as it was in the past
Illegal immigration might just have tipped the UK over the dreaded 50% threshold.
But what do you mean by odd Slovenian pronouns
I do both as a joke when visiting good friends, but wouldn’t do that any other time
It's also easier to bulletproof old system, that isn't getting plagued by new and new irrelevant updates
Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Ukraine
Had to check the recent post history here on /r/europe
In my head I interpreted "pension" to mean the public one
Yeah, well that's true, but if you actually want all countries to cooperate fully, then you have to come up with a solution that is acceptable to everyone.
They never heard of all those ships, airplanes, the whole quisling thing
and a wienerschnitzel (sorry for not giving proper credit)
The words from the second category belong to the Austro-Bavarian dialect group, since they are usually borrowings from Austrian German
It's a weird mix, but using the metric system causes less confusion as it is universal and easily convertible
Not a factor for Czechia, tourists would probably even bring our numbers down
" odd question, but I answer it truthfully "Yes
So it's more and more common for people of my generation to do some investing for when they are older just in case the pension system really does go to shit
The Tamrielic variety
Thanks for the post
n we cant kick them to their home place because they have 0 documents with them proving their nationality
Oh well
The one with no qualification, but has to do everyone's job
Well our current PM is Slovak and is effectively the main person while our Czech president is just trying to drink in peace
Czechia confirms
I have 0 blood and i never had a problem with mosquitoes (I get like one bite per summer) or ticks
Czech is more consistent and easier in that aspect, which I like
It's 97% up voted
School toilets have always terrified me as is, so this was like the bottom of the abyss
Are we talking about the australian beer now
Yes but poland no ebin :----DDDD
Yeah couple of kids skipping school are not gonna change that lol
WE WANT HIGH WAGES FREE HEALTHCARE SOCIAL PROGRAMS FOR EVERYONE EVERYTHING FREE BUT MAINLY LOW TAXES
For example, „holubi“, „holuby“ and „holube“ are all pronounced differently
Ruling over multiple kingdoms does not make them part of Austria.
In Czechoslovakia - the communist state owned everything.
Meanwhile, in Prague they're planning an expansion of the subway and the looks are projected to be pretty much the same as that of the original lines built in the 80s, lol
And this seems to be the same as in other European languages except English
Future generations would make fun of my silly discoveries but also venerate me as an early founding father of this scientific field
>It takes 2 hours to get from Prague to Brno
Here we think of generations only in a few dimensions
I'm also from small town/big village and I lock my doors only when I go sleep
Now, I don’t know how to solve Europe’s train related problems, but it sure needs some looking into
We have a slur for Germans, the word
27 years in oppostion, no responsibilty, 10% guarantee
Those who do call *džem* a perserver with fruit bits and *marmeláda* perhaps your jelly.
Museum Of Modern Art in Oran
Norodom Sihamoni, the current King of Cambodia, spent most of his childhood and youth in Prague, where he studied music and classical dance
Japan, China and Korea can't get over WW2 stuff.
In Europe spanish and italian are spoken in only one country while with for instance russian you'd get by in some other countries as well.
Damn you Swiss people, you always need to have everything
the key is to avoid the tourist center.
"The Bolevec disaster" were tragic explosions in the ammunition factory of the Skoda Works in Pilsen in 1917
If it were up to me, the appeal would result in making the fine daily rather than weekly and removing the cap
But there were also reactions saying the opposite.
TEL 296 xxx xxx
He wouldn’t have to go far
Then I know Russian because meme culture of the internet and ofc Slovak
But I'm just sceptical of the "it's a profitable R&D program" argument.
None of them worked and all of them caused terror and deaths of many innocent people
>A surgeon in the UK at a London said that gunshot wounds are at least twice as deadly as knife wounds and more difficult to repair
On the other hand Czech has more consistency with its prefixes and suffixes
Seznam zpravy
Czech Republic acted in the same way and refused to recognize Liechtenstein
And those boomers gotten their Prague spring hopes crushed by Soviet tanks)
Damn you Swiss people, you always need to have everything
If a nice place here have a feeling you need to be guided around they will have some staff around to catch you and not some post office like sign "make a queue here"
It really took me a long time to come to terms with some non-English surnames being pronounced the English way (esp
Yeah, those are rookie numbers
kvetoucí strom lhal lásky žel, (tree in blossom lied sorrow of love)
This might be questionable under Trump, however.
It makes horrible boxed wine (such a thing exists here) drinkable :)
I was pretty shocked that what sounds like Yennü is actually Jenny
Yeah, you can find them but they shouldnt be used for pistols and revolvers, theyre OK in carbines though
If they're so retarded as to not understand the benefits of being inside the EU, they deserve to rot in isolation.
Pořádný black Friday ne
I'm a fan of your flair text
r/badparenting
Yea I guess I chose the wrong title because it is more like an inverse popularity
Because sometimes you just want to inflict pain on your European neighbours and luckily for you, Czech allows you to do just that:
[čtvrthrst]
using of shortened term instead of Czech Republic would trigger me
So no tales or fables or anything like that is common anymore
And also the last one when I leave
And I get that you might belong to the small minority of people who are still big fans of the A-H monarchy and who see Masaryk's declaration as something full of demagogy and hysteria, but the vast majority of Czechs are glad that we have our own country and thus we're proud and grateful for Masaryk's contribution to the formation of Czechoslovakia
That depends what year you mean by back in the day
Don't worry, it was the same here.
8 sick days (without doctor note, max two in a row)
This is tiny drop, it won't change anything in a market of 60M people.
Řiďka= Asstown
It seems that americans think that there can't be civilization anywhere in the world excecpt the USA lol
how about "stihacka" ? / a fighter jet ... she is behind your back and you have no rest as a child / a partner
Certainly better than all of Europe
Revolut doesn't help here
Yes, Liechtenstein
What's the word
Highly ironic, considering that there's [a 75% chance] that you're a Christian
We have this thing called "poslední zvonění" (last ringing) where you wear costumes (soldier, worker, witch, whatever
Remember when this was the biggest embarasment of Czechia back then
It can happen to everyone
Remember: the median IQ being 100 means half of the population is below that...
"I have it in cunt"
Šumava z Billy na moc nevyjde, ale k jídlu to zrovna není.
It was kinda pain to watch because of how long and confusing the episodes were, my brother literally had to drag me in front of the screen and make me continue watching lol
Museum Of Modern Art in Oran
1918 - 1939 ( thanks Allies )
That takes time and they can be saved
I didn't know that
I watched first 3 minutes and had to stop.
It is about protecting western culture and traditions, not some garbage values that were forced on us by intellectual elites
I wasn't comparing the 3rd republic tot he Protectorate, I was comparing your propagandist language used to describe the NSDAP's rise in Germany in 1933
I think it depends on the definition of 'country'.
Lets the Hunger Games for Tesla Gigafactory begin
EDIT: They're not airing it
USA used floppy discs for softwares for their nuclear weapons year back
...and Wikipedia
EDIT: /s
Actually, voters of two major left-wing parties, the Social Democrats and the Communists, tend to be major critics of political correctness (contrary to parties' official attitude).
I have a story mission related question
I can list you a lot of more arguments, but I don't thing it would convince you
Yes, from today's perspective you'd call him a German Czech
A 50 kg girl using lethal force against a 120 kg 2 m unarmed attacker would most likely be perfectly legal, the opposite would most likely be illegal
Mrs
May our nations see the light and work on better future
This happens to foreign surnames as well, so you may spot names like *Clintonová*, *Streisandová*, *Williamsová* in Czech newspapers
Suddenly it's okay that Hungary gets shitty products?
Talpress apparently published [two editions] the first in 2006 and the second in 2012
Phone lock screen    horde logo from world of warcraft
I study German and I was taught (by Czech and German professors alike) that Tschechien is a totally normal correct term, while Tschechei is the offensive one
>hen speaking with others in a normal setting or in media (films, series, etc
No it didn't and Great Moravia didn't have any connections too
There are some spelling things like I/Y D/T P/B but they could be told by overpronounicing or saying I in high tone and Y in low tone
we have more bubble wrappers :
Česká republika je svrchovaný, jednotný a demokratický právní stát založený na úctě k právům a svobodám člověka a občana
If there are lootboxes, there have to be official marketplace for items found inside
So we at least had basic information about religions
[It's already named that way
Velvet Revolution was attended by almost half of population of Prague at that time
Maybe it is hidden underground with its grand forges, where we search for the heart of the mountains
Das ganze tschechische Volk ist eine Simulantenbande
No, not at all
Nice idea tho
\+ Czech technical university (ČVUT)  in Prague
Adding to that, there is no real grammatical rule for when either of "y" or "i" is written beside of "well, that's just how it is". So you essentially have to just memorize a long list of words when the "y" is written
Which debate got more viewers
The story was about the prince, I doubt the random black guy was relevant.
And there are very few limitations on what you can buy, besides you dont need to justify the need, you just fill in a form and thats it
Comrade (soudruh in Czech) was common official address in formal situations, for example, in elementary school, students addressed teachers as comrade teacher, even if he or she wasn't member of the party
We've got a village that's called "New Village near New Town in Moravia" (*Nová Ves u Nového Města na Moravě*)
No one is a saint
* Edinburk
See that’s what I was hoping for as well but then they voted for BoJo
Of course they won ellections fair and square
It's considered rude not to turn your back to other people while doing it, but it's normal and noone cares
Like
Our boomers loved tanning
If you tell your mom, I'm hungry:
Definitely not 50%. Probably some wishful thinking by the British redditor
When talking about history and the first republic, France is clearly seen as a traitor, but nowadays, people don't blame France as a nation, they blame the French political representation of 1938.
They do but you have the little dip line at the top saying you it's pronounced sch and there are words where you don't pronounce it as sch at the beginning of a syllable for example Štvát (means irritate someone or be make someone angry) is pronounced schtvat with the a being kinda long
Horrible combination
The fish farming (ponds) has really strong background here, we know these ponds were created somewhere back in 11xx something, with boom in 14xx and so on.
The husband and wife, side by side, share one bib around their necks and then eat one meal together (usually soup) where they take turn in feeding the other
hehe
In czechia it’s probably Aš. It’s also the westernmost settlement in country
I don’t care
Latvia - Lotyšsko
s prehnanymi naroky
It is regular whitebread but whenever I'm abroad, only whitebread I find is [this one] Our bread is from mixed rye/wheat flour with leavening agent and rises in [this]
I definitely agree my experience is anecdotal
ISIS when following same logic destroyed historical relicts in Rakka, nice work!
So I'm learning Japanese, since I now have a use-case for it
I think most foreigners arent ready for it
Not me but I know a kid and one his parents is Spanish and the other one is Czech and his parents use German when they talk to each other
That's [umami synergy]
Yeah, I thought the same thing and it was great that Den Bosch was very close I enjoyed this city aswell, great architecture and amazing Nightlife
I especially liked the cuisine in the northwest of Spain
California seems to be everyone's famous checklist place to visit tbh.
Most cities in Sudetland, like Ústí nad Labem, Nový borl, or Jablonec nad Nisou have a kind of run-down feel about them
wtf
Pilsen: pils Pilsner Urquell
Waaaait a second
Fuck that, anything over 24,5 Inside and I sweat like a mf
And honestly, the "American-style" atheism seems to me a lot like just another church, when I look at the subreddit for example, I paradoxically get a very religious or cultist vibe from it
I can name these just from the top of my head - Pelíšky, Tři oříšky pro Popelku, Mrazík, Home alone 1 & 2, Die hard, Anděl páně 1 & 2, Tři veteráni, Sůl nad zlato
Or could we perhaps at least lease him part-time?
Some people decided the word changed though and pronounce it similar to Chechnya and that's just stupid
>is their relation with religion
And it's an unusual one in the window of a few years.
Gay marriage should be **legal** across the EU
The bullet grazed off the calf of one person and hit another persons leg.
Domestic politicians go with the sentiment in the society, so they turn to be more hardline.
When you have to translate "Streich" then "Holz" and then "Schachtel" to get ONE word ffs
If I remember correctly:The girl is living with her grandma
There used to be a big left-wing party (Social Democrats) and a big right-wing party (Civic Democrats) with several minor parties but corruption scandals and the rise of populism fractured the scene
Because, obviously, I'm not against all regulations.
>Calling us bigger, neighbouring nationality
I don´t see connection between coast and population.
Many people are also perfectly fine with having this schizophrenic view that foreigners/immigrants in general are dangerous, but at the same time the few foreigners that they know personally are ok
She didn't actually know that for sure.
But I will not miss pomlázka at all
You have [music] you are real for me.
Fuck communists
When you enter, they give you a membership card and you can smoke
It's insane
So I would say that I feel that pressure sometimes
Also world's top source of disappointed tourists
That's exactly what Babiš said as well ;)
Well obviously we haven't ALL died in the mountains in your countries...
Why is Northern Ireland a part of British Islands when it’s clearly not an island on its own
Muotio FIN
Maybe because they realize that extra week of paid vacation has to be paid somehow
I scrolled my zooming mouse button with great anger until the smudges on the map became text.
1) Isn't nearly as harmful as alcohol or tobbaco
It's hard to express without using dirty language...
If (and to what point) they are invalid, you adjust the tax.
Vote for the Right Bloc the party for the easy and fast RECALL of politicians and state officials directly by the citizens, for LOW taxes, a BALANCED budget, the MINIMIZATION of bureaucracy, a JUST and UNCORRUPT police force and legal system, PUBLIC REFERENDA and DIRECT democracy WWW
Even lot of micro transactions are pushing it
Alien was in cinemas in mid 80ies
If properly cooked, everything is delicious
Because nationalism causes wars and conflicts?
I would like to thank Romania for not invading us in 1968
It was said, that it could be somewhere north of Prague.
I don't think a lot of people even know about this today, and those who do, don't really give a shit.
Like Lord of War
Most hated country is probably Germany
Karlovarské knedlíky (bread-and-herbs-enhanced d.)
Dutch are the actual ones who are very aggressive and arrogant
\- Yugoslavia (for some fucking reason)
Is there any chance to gain permanent status in a European country for a US citizen that is not some sort of international financier?
Adolf, Adam - Áda
Same
It is believed that the split, which eliminated most tensions between the nations, made it possible that we view each other in even better light than before.
It's a mess
I think I know my next vacation destination
There's probably countless others that I'm missing right now
I try to follow EU countries closely enough that I have an updated view of what's roughly going on there and what the issues seem to be
Not exactly poor's people, but Smažák.
Austria (royal marriages, Ottokar II
I'm old enough to remember news
But they absolutely have to be high enough that moving to Germany doesn't improve one's income.
There are some spelling things like I/Y D/T P/B but they could be told by overpronounicing or saying I in high tone and Y in low tone
This is a misleading/innacurate information.
Josef - Pepa
Not really a country but Moravia
I unfourtunately didn't ride the M4 in Budapest and have only seen the rather ugly stations on the M3 (Népligét, Deák Ferenc Tér,...) but I still enjoyed the old Ev and 81-71 trains.
Quails: eggs are readily available, the bird itself is quite rare, but you can find it in biggest supermarkets
People do move to cities
Prague doesn't exist
By your logic it's also a "strange word".
My first trip outside of Europe was on holiday with my parents to Tunisia when I was 13.
It has nothing to do with the fact that they used to be German.
Problem solved
Cesky Krumlov,Karlovy Vary (or basically almost every bath city except Teplice :) , Kutna Hora, Liberec
I think it's a Scandinavian thing
So grassroots now means with direct foreign government support, funding and intelligence
It is reasonable to leave the country if you wish to, but you *do* have an obligation to your homeland
After the menopause in women and sometimes as early as the puberty in men, the body starts accumulating too much iron, which eventually can lead to heart attack or stroke
But I meant cars where there is at least 0
Maybe back when they were sticking closer to history, but probably not even then
Well let me rephrase that
I’d take Babiš over Trump anyday
Chechnya is pronounced as "Chech-ny-a".
Slovakia
I've been asked by foreigners many times with following:
For example if the pub is full and you come, the bartender may sit different people together so there would be a room for you, or you may get things that are not on the menu
Spongebob was the same, in German first, but since I understand only little German, it wasn't easy to watch it
Romania is more generous than Czechia.
I'd like to see it from outsider's perspective, too.
Also the american one with lyrics
You buy one for a camping trip or just out of curiosity about new ways to make coffe and then it kinda stays in your home forever
The familiar form of Jan is Honza
Ich koche meinen hund
OP didn't forget, the nation did
\- Czechoslovakia
Haha, yeah, usually it's like that
I traveled twice what you could call "across the country".
This shit is exactly what they were always fearmongering about
Have you encountered any racism or death stares in Poland for being Vietnamese?
Taxis or taxes
What's going on
I thought it's the flag of Teutonic Knights
There's no other way around it
But I must say, they have its beauty
It least, people know for whom not to vote in parliamentary elections next time.
I was pretty much fluent by age 15 or so, I just had a terrible amount of anxiety about mistakes
The more the merrier
Do you use Japanese mayonnaise and okonomitaki sauce, or do you substitute them with something
For example, „Jak je
yeah and then this snow thing
I was born in Czechoslovakia, I don't think there's a way back :)
People tend to forget that there are many other options out there
We love it for obvious reasons
Yeah, well, obviously it was the Czechs and Slovaks that accepted the idea of a Czechoslovak state
It basically tries to cover the situation when there's a terror attack and the police forces are not yet there.
Well, not that anyone cares, it's just the need to let everybody know when I see us mentioned somewhere once in a decade.
Correction: I guess the Moon could theoretically look like this during a Lunar eclipse, but I am convinced this precise position is too perfect to be real...
I'd guess bees could be among the most dangerous at about 4 deaths annually (within a 10 mio population)
Recession and changed immigration laws calmed it down.
Make a big batch and freeze them
Then I will also add shocking fact about Czechia
Then things like it's one of the most populous African countries, it's a multiethnic federation, could be a potential permanent UNSC member for Africa, and their former president named Goodluck what I found funny enough to keep in memory.
Apparently it's just something you don't notice unless you live in it for a while
Indeed first and second generations were amazing and I'll watch them again someday but third one I don't think so.
I don't know how I would react.
And the whole background is way more saturated than would be natural with atmospheric perspective
In history they teach \_about\_ religions (which is understandable, we went through a fair share of religious wars in the past)
And I genuinly don't know what the "right" response should be at this point, kicking Turkey out of NATO
What should be the same in the whole EU but is not yet
Because it's a language for every budget
Because you're not as different as you think you are
having high price is smart from you, like a bridge toll
(You need to be registered
It's easy to do when nobody can dare go out on the street to protest and the newspapers won't dare criticize the decision.
(1) The Czech Republic is a sovereign, unitary, and democratic state governed by the rule of law, founded on respect for the rights and freedoms of man and of citizens
Spencer&Hill were popular here too.
Let the new empire rise
I live in Prague and I wouldn't call it the ugliest by far.
And we definitely aren't romantically involved with each other
Sometimes there is some familiar word but it is going to be a false friend most likely
according to statistics of most common Norwegian first names and last names, OP would be called...
National Museum in Prague
Also, it's hilarious how people from Brno and Ostrava defend their local beer just because it's theirs despite the fact it's absolutely disgusting
Hi from the Czech Republic, no one tried to kill me at least for week.
Just don't leave him any cookies and you'll be fine
> is not celebrated in the Czech Republic
Der Hereitkuchen sind das beste
Lot's of propaganda in elementary school - we read stories about heroic Soviet soldiers protecting us against imperialists
Brace yourselves for more useless subsidies to stuff like transgender equality and solar power.
why does it seem like europeans are more ok with taxes than americans
No, it makes them more of an asshole
How many of them are jumping to blame  local ethnic/racial/religious preferences instead of their undesirable character ,low attractivnes or just plain lack of damn interest
There is one side which has something they didn't paid for but should and other side which was not paid.
Not because Hitler said so
Afaik it was and still is all over the 4chan and websites it leaked onto.
Our country has around 90% of population non-believers, so that explains a lot
yep same situation in Czech republic
Yeeting politicians out of windows
neither me, and to be honest I never drive in France.
What France and Germany saw in the US elections with the heavy Russian influence and propaganda, should be a wake up call.
Maybe a little bit of money has been saved, in expense of disabled people
If we Europeans are dumb and selling them, then it can't come as a surprise to us when they gonna own us.
However, this will be seen in 2018 once New Caledonia decides whether to remain French or adopt independence.
It is literally the same in all aspects (adoption has been legalized in 2016).
Definitely
Yes, that's what I thought with the same on the 5th - even-though the Nicholas day is on the 6th he comes on the evening of 5th :-)
The whole 2% tirade is about WEU countries like Germany.
You only see police carry guns openly.
So I wouldn't be for any rapid changes.
That is why governments pay subsidies or straight up support for some kind of companies, to make it profitable in that country
It is shit
There is the viperous (?)/zmijovití subcategory - only the snakes in this category aren't called viper if it's not their specific name, the "viper" isn't interchangable with viperous
Yeah, its pretty common
If any city of Central Europe should be depicted in this LotR-style map, it should be Prague
That wholesome award
Also really pretty
Dacia Sandero
Also, sweet subsidies from Austria and Germany
It's not like absolutely everyone was fired by the end of 1989.
Yet another blow to the free market on the Internet.
You mean grass that European Bison use to eat I hope
If you count only complete changes then this number is too high
I've seen one by some cult, not sure if it was by Jehova witnesses, but definitely by some weird christian cult
reptile - plaz- crawler
Czech reads as it writes
So whats the point then
someone from vnitro who is in charge of all these lives there, probably
You can carry pretty much any other weapon openly though, even things like swords, if youre 18
nah that is good one
In high school, they just invited an external speaker to give one single talk on how birth control is a thing that exists (when most of us were already 16 years old
Not many if I only count those where I actually spent some time, not just passed trough.
Yes, that's the most common word
Well, if article 13 passes, they will finally have a reason to leave
Ye, imho if Trump was running against Sanders things wouldn't have ended this way.
Both Prague and Brno are good destinations for IT.
As someone said in the comment, many European muslims are attached to their countries of origin and to the culture brought from there.
They president can veto a law, but the parliament can just approve it again and he cant veto it again
It's only worth 2 billion if you can sell it to a private collection and allow it to be taken abroad.
Does anyone remember the Probst fella?
We burn a witch doll and it's basically this big event that usually the city itself makes and there's a lot of beer and alcohol around it and it's cool
Ulice (Street), it's been airing since 2005 and there are currently 4025 episodes
Why do we have the Europe 2020 target so low in comparison with others?
I don't know what you're talking about, Poland actually invaded Czech Republic last year
D vyn vy mast mejk nou empty promysis, nou empty slougns
I know this is just a rickroll, but since there is always at least one person, who will take it seriously: THIS IS NOT HOW ARTICLE 13 WORKS
What is this map about
Oh thats what I have in smaller version just on the other side
with a huge lead
When we came in front of the gate, they told us they were closed that day because of some bike race (that was happening underneath the locked part of all places)
I must have like three of these
More than fighting
That would be once they start stacking on top of one another I guess :-)
French colonised it and  imported Africans, Chinese and Indians, That US traveller had look at least in Wikipedia
> governments deliberately make it hard to pass it on to the next generation
Czech republic's president would suck Putin's co*k, and yet we're still on the list
I don't mind sweet, but I vastly prefer salty, or even better cheese flavoured
About 30 000 thousands people dies in street accidents in EU every year and we consider it acceptable toll for traffic and nobody cares about it utill a close person is the victim.
So let's just say that he was among the high-ranking Nazis, perhaps not exactly the 3rd, but he was surelly an important figure in the Nazi ruling elites
Veselé Vánoce a šťastný nový rok
Hellas - Řecko
I would still prefer for them to stay, because I'm afraid that Brexit might weaken the whole EU, thus strenthgen Russia and indirectly hurt EE countries, including mine.
6** homicide rate
> I am pretty sure most of our countries would agree to ban/heavily restrict their usage
As much as I usually don't like this "for teens" genre, I have to say Skins is one of my all time favourites.
In Czechia, and other European and non European countries, zoophilia is legal as long as the animal isn't abused, the person doesn't record the act and distribute it which is still really fucked up
Are you sure
This issue can be avoided by buying the ticket well in advance
Im a teacher so I cant just be more productive and use that time to chill, I need to do my job
New world symphony by Antonín Dvořák, was even in spave
I think měšťáci would disagree with this classification :D
What was its population, like ten thousand people or so
So I hope your piercings and tattoos were great choice
This distinction does not exist in Czech but it does in other languages
Only on special occasions like wedding or funeral.
is a little bit funny
my personal benchmark is Ronald Reagan whom I consider the greatest US president of modern era
Dude Czechia is one of the best countries for vegetarians and vegans in Europe
Shqipëri - Albánie,
Czechs use "estébák" more
Prague would be at roughly the same place, people from sudeten border mountain areas would go into sudeten border mountain areas on the other side of the country
district is ugly in general
It sounds awfully lot like tvarohove rezance, (tvaroh being quark, most commonly subsidized by cottage cheese in the west) but I haven't heard of frying the noodles, but grandmas tend to have old custom recipes.
The traffic in Italy is a little chaotic, but it's really easy to adjust to
The creator holds conversations between different Slavic people, transcribing everything what is said including translation to English
Especially the kids being so interested in the camera and just goofing around, just like today
It's so sad this tradition is dying
No, I don't think Swiss system would work good for my country.
Female form of Michael, that can be called Misha
We can say "Je mi to u prdele" which means "That's by my ass". Otherswise and worse "Mám to v píči" - "I have it in my cunt". Otherwise and more civil, "Je mi to jedno/egal/fuk" - "That's no matter to me
I thought England was a city
Čínská kvalita (Chinese quality) - something of a very poor quality
Mind you, this is only one of many such unmapped places in Brno
I am interested in Syrian war since it started and often discuss it on internet and i can say only few people really support Bashar
Then we have:
Jes, oukej
Eastern Europeans want to up NATO spending to get Trump's security guarantees.
Orange man will deny his victory until he completely ridicules himself, but this could go on for months
Media too - under communist rule, a lot of things was censored
I guess then here it's in all supermarkets same though
Fun fact: We allegedly (most likely lol) have an "estébák" as our prime minister now
It keeps coming up
Last time it was maybe remotely true was before the Great Vowel Shift
Your point
Also, older cars and home heating using coal contribute to the overall situation.
[…] Online content-sharing service providers should also put in place effective and expeditious
Andorra - tax heaven
"...with Broomsticks and without working jets!"
Never been there, but Im sure this music plays there on repeat
I believe you mean Prussia
Trump's words and actions have a great effect even just as a president-elect.
I think here our prime minister has a lot more power than our president
Hmm, I mean yes, but that union was called Austria-Hungary :P
Epic Sax guy is from there
Watching polish people speaking on TV I can also get the general meaning of what is said
This invasion was to reinstate full blown communism
This is like something from bad lip reading youtube channel :D
But you pretty much can't use it unless they point a gun at you first
) But Stoly stály
For some reason people think that having a "country" is important, even though in our dog-eat-dog world it's a lot more important to be fully united.
It is possible
On the contrary, a united Europe would be great militarily.
if Germany ever invades anything East of them, they'll have a serious internal problem.
All of them
We wanted to go there, but we couldn't find the right turn even after hour of searching
Holko modrookó nosodóvoj o potoko, ...
This will pull out all those weird ass 'activists', Greenpeace members, 'Refugees welcome' posters, etc.
They are not coming to Europe to live just anywhere in Europe or the EU though, they are coming to live in a few select countries.
Scholarships are helping them with achieving it and they are role models for others.
Probably confused it with Slovenia
I use almost every time the Czech wikipedia, but when I can't find the article I'm looking for in Czech version, I use the original
other people
>Obviously the Russian secret services were in Czechoslovakia
I used some Czech with my family and during online lessons but not nearly enough
Díky
Great books
This is quite inaccurate
It’s biological
Who is this clown
Well, at least they got the "praying man" part right
I mean, that is the correct transliteration
I think that the Space Shuttle, LHC or even some CPUs are more complex.
It's an example of [Euro English]
This fact is sometimes mentioned in menu.
The prime minister is trying to abuse it to sneakily pass laws to get him out of his conflict of interest allegations
Cool
If they feel like Macedonians then they **are** Macedonians.
He needed a name for them and his brother delivered
For me it wasn't really as hard to learn cyrillic as it is hard to learn anything french
I only watch his stuff when I return to Warframe, but he's friendly, informative, to the point and doesn't scream
Junky - smažka - fried person
> 5 - ěščřžýáíéúůďť
about 8 times since fall of AH empire
*Je mi to buřt.*  - "It's a scalded fat sausage of thick short cylindrical shape to me
My friend has a similar contract but they just made an agreement on top of that
In 1939, the Czech students protested that the Nazis closed down Czech universities
It ain't proper borsch without sour cream
In English, it's messed up as well
Zeman and drinking in peace
5 (up to 10 depends) days off
made me think you don't have any kind of heating in kitchens in Finland :)
I believe, those who wanted to leave are already long gone.
Münich fucking betrayal and then 1939 and Poland
Look at the UK, they are too
Orbán is a pragmatist, he might be using ideology to score political points with the Hungarian people, but he wouldn't try to damage Hungary's economic interests this deeply.
Now all of them are gone, but my city has still one
* Václav Havel (I am not sure if he counts as historical because he was president until 2003)
And someone told you its because Chinese and Eastern Europe competion
They are old houses, but you can be angry about them anyway, they are still blocking the view of one of the most iconic church in Prague.
It sounds like Czech word for cvnt.
One of them Polish, one Israeli, one Italian, one Czech and 4 Germans.
In Hoi4, Germany, since it's the full course
Odkud jsi
everyone with brain should hate it
These classes were called seminars and they were different in fron normal compulsory classes in several ways.
.....what's with that q?
You'd leave Moravians and Silesians behind
If you need to go by car, don't leave the motor running when you aren't moving (for example at crossovers)
The Habsburgs got in the Czech throne in 1526, so they were ruling over us for a very long time - and so naturelly it wasn't the same throughout all the centuries
Ostrava
We're supposed to have some (very brief) sections on sex ed split between biology and social studies/civics classes, but most of my teachers straight up skipped it
Out of former communist Europe in almost all statistics, whether economics, HDI, well-being,...
Also in the winter you can literally see the border between South Bohemia and Austria, because the road quality and the fact that you can't salt the roads in National parks in Czechia, so you literally go from 40 km/h to 90 km/h (or 100
They had to take plane
Yep, deport anyone found conducting genital mutilation.
What is wrong with í,ý? Or ě,š,č,ř,ž,á,é,ó,ú,ů,ň,ť ? :D
I bought English version, so
The country police can and does operate everywhere
;) Im self-employed so I dont even get paid holiday
The prime minister said that this will result in beer being cheaper if the pubs are generous, but the real outcome is probably that everyone will just do it randomly, just like they did before and the accountants will have to deal with that shit
So a inhabitant of, let's say, Nigeria is African American
Perfect beer making conditions tho
At least Andrej pretends to give a shit about people that are worse off
(Men stood
cool, most people living there don't tho
It hasn't worked for years for me
Seriously, you put so much beauty and thought to insults
), terribly put sentences and the worst sin, for example lady Stokeworth in first two books, lady Stokořínská in another
For me it wasn't really as hard to learn cyrillic as it is hard to learn anything french
We have right alt as a switch for special characters and Đ is written as rAlt+d and đ is written as rAlt+s. Instead of numbers, we have ěščřžýáíé and numbers are written with shift
Reading all these, there is a jarringly stark contrast between post-Soviet countries and the rest of Europe
But the "Christmas since October" is really annoying
yes but hunting is a bit different case.
Unfortunately only after I had broken a leg
Why is Italian youth unemployment so high?
Freedom to work and study in each country without any discrimination
If no big football club is important, then it's definitely Brno
I liked planning my way to school beforehand so I wouldn't get sprayed and painted on felt like an assassin
It was not enough to prevent him from being forced out as prime minister in 1970
Contact lenses and beer that doesn't taste like shit
We shouldn't celebrate this people.
Same as you, but our pronunciation is harder because of "ř"
plot twist - the dudes on the left are Polish immigrants and have been eating pierogi all along.
In this situation, I expected Democrats to win elections landslide and even flip Senate
BTW, our fertility rate is 1,63 (year 2016)
Just looking at our neighbors Slovak and Polish anthems have imo much nicer and more fitting melodies for an anthem
It's like in my granma's village.
He can veto laws
well, sort of
There are some people who did actually get the offices not to add the suffixes to their surname
I paid for the whole meal so I'm gonna take the whole meal
Our most imperial moment (apart from being the pivotal part of the  Habsburg Empire which we usually pretend to be a victim of) was Czechoslovakia and the subjugation of unsuspecting/s Slovaks and Ruthenians (sorry Hungary)
* George Soros wants the population to be more docile and is importing vast ammount of muslim immigrants into europe to create more impresionable and docile population
Some countries would cover certain countries, like US > Poland.
Is the proverb "Preaching water, drinking wine", that we use in Czech, known in English
This wave of legislation, pushed by populist agendas and public outrage in the wake of recent terrorist attacks on European soil, is a flagrant disregard to decades of jurisprudence by the ECtHR and more recent jurisprudence by CJEU, and it puts in danger privacy protections across the continent.
Actually, according to Wiki it's somewhere in the 300 to 700 year range
Oh yeah
Yeah, but unlike crown, the one the royals have, our crown has little to no value
Female surnames are mutated according to Czech grammar (ones that look like an adjective are declined as feminine adjective, ones looking like soft adjective declined accordingly, ones ending in -ů not declined, the rest gets -ová), this can be waived if you're foreigner, married to a foreigner, or have permanent residence abroad
A Japanese sushi salesman, who got into Czech politics to make more money and after analysing his niche, adopted anti-immigrant (of all the people) rhetoric, winning 10% of the vote in the general elections
I don't know if it's a tradition to be religious, but Czech Republic is a country which has the greatest percentage of atheistic people in a country in the world
Seriously what the fuck
Best friends forever <3 I also like Slovakia the most.
I'd say it was about the mid 90s when the vast majority of pre-89 staff left.
In czech it ist a toast And not anything liek thank you
Go to the bathroom before the performance so that you do not slouch during the play
* [Vítkovo kvarteto - Pražskej démon]
Very historic
Half of Europe still remembers how shit it used to be under Russia's control.
We just love asses
TIL, thanks
eA baD
Sorry, but I have to prove you wrong : [Jan Janský]
1326 can be said as "tisíc tři sta dvacet šest" or "třináct set dvacet šest"
I imagine the command structure and military of one country simplifies things too, rather than 28 individual countries with their own military.
But then, laws often make no sense
But consoles are pretty cheap here so it doesn't mean I am filthy rich :(
This plot keeps getting crazier and crazier
[Yep]
In Crusader Kings I played often as Bohemia (and failed miserably), and then I tried to do the featured rulers that are in the menu (and failing as well, except for the time I played as Armenia)
Meanwhile, the fact that we ran the Lety concentration camp so brutally it shocked even the Nazis, and the population invented reasons to get their Roma neighbours willy nilly into it had no justification other than that we really, really, really didn't want any filthy gypsies around
The communist party recieved a lot of credit for liberating the nation, plus they were better funded and organized on account for Soviet support, but the elections themselves were legit, as evidenced by the fact that Slovakia voted predominantly democratic/conservative.
Comparing with "real" Czechs from that national revival era like Hanka, Palacky, Celakovsky, these are always just with one name or sometimes with the religious one
If you manage to fast until then, you have a chance of spotting a golden pig
But still, he sucks
Women (especially the younger ones) hate it
Because I am trying to make a point about people from educated background saying different things about communism than the "average" person from a village or a small town for example.
In Czechia we have just given name + surname most of the time
I also really like hockey
Kingdom of Bohemia was a different thing, Bohemia, Moravia, Silesia are equal now and together we make one country
Lastly, you act like the society itself cannot make decision to improve itself with the money they receive.
It wasn't the only massacre done as a retaliations of Heydrich's assasination, there was also the village Ležáky where all adults and 11 children were killed
Not only they speak with funny mexican accent, they believe that "coger un coche por la mañana" is wrong, and one should "tomar un carro en la mañana".
> Eggs are sold not refrigerated
There were % of nazis in Austria than Germany
yeah sure
Employment rate of Czech men is comparable to Swedish men.
Deep fried cheese
the radio building is a ruin together with its surroundings
I am quite sure common examples in other languages can be found
I don't think we have one anyway
I'd nominate two 1968 photos, [this one] and [this one]
5 hours), but there is another \~30 minutes waiting time which is in total 5
Media says yes, but personally, I haven't noticed any panic
People just refuse to look up information, cross-check their news sources, they just simply soak in every BS they read and no longer care
I'm a woman and I've done plenty of solo traveling around Europe and the worst thing that ever happened to me was being catcalled by some drunk guys.
Alternatively, [this] is from October 1938, after the Munich agreement, which stripped Czechoslovakia of its borderlands, ring of defensive fortresses and any hope for help against German aggression
Don't get me wrong, I've been a convinced anti-fascist ever since I found out that it was a thing and I don't want to excuse them, but it was really interesting for me to discover that a lot neo-Nazis aren't that way, because they really believe it's a great ideology, but because of some kind of emotional damage they suffered in the past
Turkey is not in the EU, so Turkish people must integrate.
That's why it would be wise of Germany and the EU to not push the quotas again.
I'd prefer if they turned to fighting petty crime.
As someone from a country who shared most of its history with Germany/Austria found itself slightly too east and got ruined by 40 years of Russian occupation
I need to look for some Czech ones
The entire country except Praha
It's extremely tiring out having say "the Czech Republic" all the time, isn't it
Hungary was never part of the USSR
My cheeks looked empty until like the third month
Ha, **Slovak Republik** shows up!
If they are "almost" rich (just wannabes) it's your tipical shit, expensive shoes, 2nd hand Audi And all that
To the bus or plane, if the travel by bus is more than 12 hours I'd rather take the plane
Some idiots in the newly elected parliament want to make a law about constitutional referendum
Italian all the way
On the other hand you then hear comments about how rude and unprofessional the service here is
But we use the word "voj", it's a pole that connects a cart with the yoke of the animal towing the cart
Yea Blackadder too, these were just few examples from top of my mind, Rowan Atkinson is brilliant in both Blackadder and Mr.
We have it as petty crime under five.
Beer is for the heart, wine is for the soul.
Except it was tolerant only in the Austria-Hungary phase and only in the Austrian part of empire
It's horrible a shameful
Hunter
It might be good, but not now, not in this century.
If it didn't have the support of people, it would crumble much sooner
We have more than 2000 castles, so enjoy
[Podkoní a žák] has been written in 1300s. It is pretty much understandable, but the differences in pronunciation (ě sound, diphthongs not contracted into long vowels), vocabulary (what student wears means "skirt" in the modern Czech, but there it means "dress"; the word for the place they drink beer is present in modern Slovak, but not in modern Czech etc) and grammar (live dual number; more past tenses) are very noticeable
Also, you know, Kingdome come wasn't made by a single fucking person
Pičín is probably the most famous one amongst the czechs
Ahh, today i learned
Our Minister of Health breaking his own goddamn Anti-Covid state of emergency rules
Why are here so many Czech posts these days
The image is probably heavily edited to make the lights brigther.
classic analog FM radio with band 87 - 108 MHz.
Fuck him and his apologists
Don't take the taxis from Prague airport to city center
That's a very proud song, even upon hearing for the first time and knowing no Russian
Now do it per capita :)
Last year I was surprised how beautiful, calm and welcoming Budapest is
your ancestors ran away from your homelands and didn't have the backbone to stand for your motherlands in good and in bad times
The problem is bringing these men in who come from sex deprived, conservative societies with poor socioeconomic conditions.
A much better approach would be legalizing drugs like weed or psychedelics and decriminalizing harder drugs
They should do this in China, Russia and the US as well
In 1934 Hitler couldn't really force a Czechoslovak citizen to do anything
never tried
Je potěšení tě poznat
Whereas pride is not
Not necessarily pun but for instance something stereotypical.
is there some more complexity
you can't deny that the AfD support has been rising though...
root, but it is pretty obvious it will be same in our countries
No rohlík for 50 halířů anymore
Ok, take your filthy positions together with America.
The last sentence explains why people like you always lose in elections
Historically, we simply didn't have anything like that here.
In Slavic mythology, vodyanoy, vodyanoi, vodník, wodnik, hastrman or Wassermann is a male water spirit often depicted as a frog man or a little green man in green suit
Love the original Thing, the prequel was alright but I dont know it was just meh
Many Slovaks learn czech after settling here but it isn't necessary
I think Austria, Mondsee Attersee etc..
vesnice means village, so this term literally means villager
It's related to the word zavinutý, which means rolled up
> The result: everyone in your team feels like men are more competent than women
I think everyone agrees the West is defined as those rich countries where the population has a strong sense of smugness (just for the lack of a better term), democracy, individualism and impersonality, rationalism and all such things.
Can't speak for the others, but it sounds rather decent to me.
They too have been backstabbed by Western Europe if we look at history.
These are just homographs (like read [ri:d] and read [re:d])
It was definitely not based on any headlines or propaganda
What I personally hate about this European identity is to see how people, who we call here "europhiles", fetishize it
The founder of the car brand Porsche - Ferdinand Porsche was Czech
The split was very peacefull and there were even some protests to avoid it.
feeds more into the stereotype that you are just an angry little Eastern European trying to shove ‘truth’ in other people’s faces
So that the goverment maintains a semblance of legitimity.
But of course you'd have to approach other people to talk to them, so there's that
From what I'm reading, many people mistake 19
During the entire Commie period, this topic was essentially taboo and the older generations react pretty angrily, if you want to educate them on this topic
They were also iconoclastic (destroyed religious icons- statues, paintings, churches
29 CZK is over 1 €.
The difference I was learned (and was named and from my experience was heavily used here) in late nineties was that expats were expatriated by their companies
Did I shit on those who fought against the Nazis in WWII?
\*slaps a blue triangle in the middle\*
Holding it might, when you are a woman and your male colleagues are sniggering behind your back watching you on Pornhub; that really does wonders for the working environment
It takes time to build a relationship with an ambassador that's why usually they're not really changes when new presidents start their term.
There is nothing wrong with fresh onions.
Which made the question about my thoughts much harder
That would require having fewer dumb rules and laws full of holes
Sure, it is not quite like home, but it is similar enough
In most European cities is a very good public transport system.
I would bet the people who live within a 5 minute walk from the tram line don't take the car.
Let me quote from the "Demon-Haunted World" by Carl Sagan, chapter 25, "Real patriots ask questions":
[Andrej Babiš]
Not necessarily all migration
And for example the change from _s_ to _z_ happened in Czech too
Same in other west slavic languages.
It would indeed be funny to see what Germany would do if every country in the world took their advice on how to solve economic problems and adopted strict austerity policy.
We have a saying that every Czech is a musician (Co Čech to muzikant)
EDIT: I'm not sure, if you can see it, but I'm from Czech republic
I never knew we has this reputation
When the world use teflon or non-stick but German goes with Polytetrafluoroethylene.
And I hated it
I also visited the Auschwitz memorial around 4 years ago and it's really powerful stuff
English subtitles are definitely a good choice for TV shows, you'll notice how you read them less and less over time :) It really mostly just takes time, don't get too stressed about it
Never knew until now, but now hearing this goes onto my bucket list.
Much of the differences between Czech and Slovak come from historically different vowel shifts, so for example where Czech uses "ů", Slovak often uses "o" as in sůl (Czech) vs
We consider ourselves perfectly normal; it's all the other people who are loonies
I think, no
But as a fit (or muscular) person, you'll easily make a killing here in terms of jobs, girls, and looks.
I prefer to use English online in typing and writing a lot more than Czech
Just go see the city centre on a weekend night (especially Národní Třída)
This is not the common way to write numbers in Czech, though, some people still say that way and on some occasions you may use it
I fucking hate OREDO and everything their shitty transport agency stands for
Maybe just replace the food with strudel and schnitzel.
Brandýs nad Labem/Stará Boleslav is a close second
That only limits functional cells, not those that replace them
Yes, but wait for a 1 or 2 more generations to be replaced before we start pushing it more seriously, we need a bigger part of the population that will grew up in a cosmopolitan world of peaceful united Europe.
Do you find the language uninteresting just because we are slavic
It’s kind of a punching bag of a city
this map was here at least [twice]
* Charlemagne = Karel Veliký
I can usually recognize the two stereotypical types of Czech tourists.
Most of Czechia is comprised of Bohemian Massif, from the time of the continent of Laurasia.
Oh my, the buildings reproduce
* porque == because
About as much as the Greek script was based on Phoenician script, or as Proto-Sinaitic script was based on hieroglyphs
We "choose" to speak English
He failed to understand that Soviets fear that the whole thing will run out of control and Czechoslovakia could even leave the Warsaw Treaty
I ALMOST forgot about it
Don't worry, at least we know you well, because you are the pun of another annoying "cliché" I very much hated
You could get it in supermarkets, but it's not common, other items (Nutella, marmelade, jam, etc.) are widely more popular.
> So this is how the rest of you guys felt in June last year
I can understand and speak a little bit *hantec*
That was about 14 years ago
It's a very, very mild form of cunt (literally "ox") and it's used by most, if not all generations
Unpopular opinion here, but I actually think that it looks kinda cool
I’ve spent plenty of time bleeding my wallet dry in Germany and Austria and feel like I would get to see a more extreme version of what I’ve already seen
Serbia and Koso- wait, no
Politicians seek example in Israel.
Bernie is a leftie even by Europe’s standards
Maybe it isnt but the Swiss have decided they dont want to
True, but I guess u/mathess1 meant its application in construction
You mean Czechia
Stalinism, Leninism, Maioism are results of implementing communist/ marxist ideas into real society
If Russia is a real threat for western security, the economical, political and social, system of Western countries has totally failed.
If they want plastic card, give them debit card
We have them quite a lot, but not usually in apartment buildings.
TIL the English name for rohlík.
2010
This is hilarious, if you did that Best country index chart in CZ, you'd get exactly opposite result.
"Buh buh celebrities get paid a lot of money tooo!!"
[Don't you even think about it]
For who is it good for
In the past, the local idiots would just sit at their idiot table in their idiot pub and would not mix much with the non-stupid folk
And that they will do all they can to get UK out of the business.
Students till 26 years of age have discount.
Those are two different issues.
It's definetely not a castle doctrine and in all instances must be strictly proportionate to the danger and it must be a last resort
- Like only we women or only we children or we women and children
Even though its a Slovak song, here in czechia it blasts every summer too, all day long, baby
shut the fuck up
standard for 10 degree beer in Prague in a pub.
What can you do
Oldřich Černík
Pepper sprays are mainly for outdoor self-defense
I find amusing that there is 10 other examples like that on the map and somehow you are amused only about Scotland
The cities and villages also resemble the Austrian style, far away from what you see in the real Balkans
I had to do presentations myself on tanks, planes, equipment and notorious battles
bread part of the bread
Having it outside, waving it outside, heck yes, most people would think it's pretty weird
not cool, not cool at all
Well, I don't visit Prague city centre often, so only thing I can tell that I am really in large city is that my commuting to work is with metro which frequently goes in 2-3 minutes intervals
Well, Balkan has some great songs this year.
But same as with the monarchy, we prevailed and became free once again, this time we set a new record and are still a democratic republic after 30 years, that's 10 more years than between 18-38
I’d say that a more popular discussion is whether it’s better to eat a schnitzel for Christmas or if it’s better to eat a carp
It's beautiful and all, but the omission of Prague is kinda tough to swallow :D
Definitely agree with the taxation
it's from the late 19th century, there's a bank inside and I think there are apartments in the upper floors
You forgot ČT Sport, formerly ČT 4
If you are a native Slavic language speaker, it's easy
[No doubt about that
Many young people understand English, but many do not.
well *nobody knows but jesus* i guess
Asking questions that suggest you're not a supporter of Russia will get you banned.
([not just] On November 16, 2019, 300000 people [demonstrated] for his resignation, and he still did not resign
Because they know you have a good internet connection, [dammit]
I also know ,,Mám v píči" - I have (it) in cunt/pussy
Neutral is the best word to describe it
In my school we were taught religion, but only because it was a Catholic high school
because it's self-mutilation (often forced)
Actually Berbers always had light hair and eye color.
Also similarly to Germany, we run a massive trade surplus (relatively to the size of our economy).
The proposal passed in the lower house this week would extend that law to websites that “exert psychological or moral pressure” on women who are seeking information about abortions
█████
Was UK oblivious to the fact that there is whole bunch of cities and countries eager and ready to take the banking business that London has?
EDIT: sometimes it is called "Australia and Oceania"
I am originaly from Liberec and now i am living in prague and the accent is same
Also, most of those US gun deaths are suicides, the sad fact is that a suicide very likely to succeed if you use a gun
Who knows, but I'll be banned just in case because the site I am uploading to wants to pre-empt potential lawsuits
Congratz, you all die of famine if the borders are closed
You can also make a swearword out of pretty much everything
Probably most, proportionally
Taxi/cab drivers charging you like 3 times as much  if they see you're a foreigner
*My country never dissappoints*
The worst offender that comes to mind is the latest Deus Ex, which takes place in Prague
See honest guide for more info if visiting Czech
All of these were stolen by Soviets and are today held by either Russia, Russian military, or post soviet countries
Not a factor for Czechia, tourists would probably even bring our numbers down
See, thats the difference, most guns in the Czech Republic are registered (we have 800k legal vs some 500k illegal guns)
They just don't equate a possible outcome of equality with equality
I want my grandkids to look like me and my ancestors, not someone from Egypt
I can imagine you could go pretty far just with that
way more than that probably, whenever i go outside there are tens of people smoking, in restaurants basically everyone is outside because smoking indoors was banned
There are exceptions of course, every city usually has on average 2 gypsies who have a job and are reasonable
You can dispute almost everything as there was always someone before with something very similar
And sometimes I will have a cup or two in the evening
Love that place
And if you want to have less people, but still a non-zero count you have to have just a bump in the fertility rate.
None really
Nope
Check my flag and then do know
Well, they can always go to Turkey to see him
Edit: And now i see you live in Finland, so you should understand what i am talking about as suomi has pretty similar pronounciation as czech
I'm only in favour of a South German (Alpine) confederation with
The whole thing is basically one big army base.
I feel like if you want to double-down and become a citizen, you should learn the language at the very least
Ovidijus
I got the experience from the other side - once I was in U-Bahn in Germany talking to friends in Czech and a German came by and said "Strč prst skrz krk" - which is the most famous and super hard Czech tongue twister
Premyslids, Luxemburgs, Jagiellons & Habsburgs.
As someone who practices witchcraft, I practice more traditions than others
Temps mostly between 20-25, occasionally above 25, rarely above 30
So lunch is at 11 and dinner at 6
I was wondering what's the deal with Proofs of Concepts.
I can imagine a story arc where a main character wonders whether there's another assassin in the city only to discover it was Pérák all along
* *Mám v píči*, lit
If we want to communicate on European level here we have no other choice
We practically don´t have any wilderness left, it is all agricultural land, strictly managed planted forests or artificial fish ponds.
And no one's doing anything about it
Idk if Poland has gymnasium as one the school types
54% is Bohemia
Almost everyone is Atheist from late 1960s. And religion is now like a historical thing, i remember from my childhood, when i was watching some film or serial from US it was super weird when characters was praing before food and going to church on sundays
In the Czech republic you generally tip about 10% in restaurants if the service was okay.
The parts in German and Japanese parts are much more interesting, but there wasn't enough of them to keep me going.
I got kinda bored with Czech castles by the time I was 9 or 10, to be honest, it was more of an excuse for my dad to go with me
Trying to get an idea of age range.
*Promovaní inženýři*, especially because at one point the lyrics go "*I'm bright, my sister's not*" and as the younger, less bright sister, I identify with the statement
Usually goes with dumplings or rice.
It actually had promising candidates, but did not give them enough support at the right time
Yes, but probably only in "Četnické humoresky" :D
Is the spirit of medieval Europe back on the agenda?
"Russian" :) we were on east side of cold war back in 80ies
Did you copy our prime minister
Horrible
Not that I'm complaining, I like potatoes.
Its all about green energy and electrical cars saving our planet
It's 9+4 years of having history lessons, both world history and national
I thought you guys were really into The Grand Duchy of Lithuania part of your history
If they live well, they would pick China over Russia and therefore, Russia can't say Russians are in danger.
And 4-5am is better
Being first car is more relaxing, since you don't have focus on the car ahead of you
Yeah, if they speak slow enough
Don't tell me that you beloved A-H empire was never shitting on international principles and that they were never acting hypocritical
Parties that align with my beliefs the most are too small to succeed (meaning nowhere near 5% of votes necessary to get in the Parliament)
That last sentence might be a problem
Nothing special
You were beer training for the eventual unification, that the student outdid the master.
Because plain latin letters are not enough to properly display pronounciation of words.
Obviously you can go to expensive ramen bars in japan, but my point is there isn't really a cheap alternative here
There are some extreme examples, like popular song from the 30s:
Or, if there is the option, a rotisserie chicken or a klobása  though most of these places close rather early so you gotta know where to go
Also ČVUT for STEM subject and AMU for arts
ECB stops handing out billions to the banks
The difference is that *now* we care about each other as the *European Union*, which is a bigger alliance than a single country.
I've been to the capital maybe 3-4 times.
Getting bitten in ankle vs in the face for example.
It depends on the way you define "fixed".
Also in public transport
You're basically supposed to follow orders of an officer so unless the officer tells you to get out of the car, you should stay where you are.
By that logic tampons should be free for everyone, not just the poor
Fucking lol
Edit: Or maybe because we celebrate the Veteran Day, not specifically related to WW1, but to all war victims
In my country, one can get up to 15 years in prison for raping someone under 15 and I simply consider this a more adequate punishment.
If they prevent their children from swimming throw the bastards in prison.
Waiter either keeps tabs at the bar, or each table/person has their own - it looks like this:
I see
There was even a political post in r/idiotsincars
8, sweet nineties
You can usually recover from the former but you can't recover from the latter
tell your parents that's incorrect.
The only eternity she is close to, is the one in prison.
Same here
best I can do is a toothpaste from Lidl :D
An attacker can't legally invade you without your consent
I'm trapped under a pile of diapers
That, and also I had no idea what "lámání kolem" was in english
Feature and lynx = rys
Sandwiches aren't big thing here in Czechia
Also theres pikola - piccola fluete and pikolík - busyboy/potboy
Russians (just like any other person) are great, if you avoid certain topics
That's not really a special case, that's just a genitive
Because they're mundane to me as there's like almost 1:1 correspondence to Czech ones
Is this a crossover episode
&#x200B;
But victory in the presidential election was razor-thin and Biden victory was only clear after several days of counting and republicans actually WON new seats in the house of representatives
the guy who made the comment is a Brit, according to post history.
This all makes it difficult to prevent people from coming.
What is SVC
And no one's doing anything about it
sorry about that but without seeing your flag  I would not list you at all
\-- Andrej Babiš
It is called R.U.R. -  Rossum’s Universal Robots
works different during sharp fast turns but once you know how to use it is fine.
I honestly have to wonder whether I could even do that in Prague
Can't disagree with that
* **Vinohrady:** A hipster nest where upper class people like to buy flats if the center proves to be too crowded
The party is The communist party of Bohemia and Moravia and they are direct  successor of the Communist party which was in power from 1948-1989
The most sexy feature of the future Gottkanzler is the total absence of brakes!
Fire up a new website with a clear mind ^(and coincidentally find yourself on the reddit ^again
What I heard no
Most migrants in Czechia are EU nationals (Slovaks, Poles, Romanians etc
When you ask a question, you should always wait for the answer
I really like that we don't have a pompous military "march" like most other countries
I don't think there is a general word meaning "everything but Prague". There is a derogatory term "vidlákov" - loosely translated as "shithole"  and it's derived from vidlák - which could be translated as redneck
And even if there was, Orbán isn't in the EU just because of the funds.
Lol, the Germans are gripped by retarded leftists and Green Party/Greenpeace activists who push their illogical worldview onto them.
Slovakia are obviously our homies, Austria is the country to which I feel most culturally connected and Germany is the "big responsible brother".
Portuguese are honorary Slavs at this point
Best car on the normal market
Usually, any dialectal feature is frowned upon, and getting corrected by some  pedantic teachers is common
I'm just saying you have to distinguish between specific missions
Also the sch at the front of the word is sometimes pronounced as sch and stuff
You definitely can
No, but it was the capital for the longest period of time out of all the capitals
They do important work here that czechs dont want to do, they study
But honestly all my tries were on some multi lingual product labels or leaflets out of pure boredom so I know what I am looking at from other language versions
The confirmed underwater depth is actually currently at least 404 meters (473 m including the dry part) but it is true that based on the water composition/temperature or something it is expected to be as deep as 1200 m.
I'm looking for a good American pizza
If it keeps trying to harmomize too many things too quickly, it might just collapse
No, not at all
Almost every country has some kind of a legend about household deities, so far I'd say it's an Indo-European legend or even something very intrinsic to our species as a whole
Older generation would have no idea what it is and the younger generation if they use e-mail say just mail
Those things are very different in the USA, so most of the post there aren't really relevant for me
We would be the URBuMS
Civ4: Carthago, India + I downloaded a mod with Bohemia
Czeskie memy is my favorite thing from now on
In this case, armed citizens would be allowed to use their guns against the terrorists.
I am politicaly right wing but Germany really needs to spend some money(surplus is just insane) and social democrats are masters in spending.
And there are reasons behind all of those, they're just obscured by several layers of historical development, so if you take your time you can uncover them
The Danube
It looks really weird to have Kazakhstan go that far "north".
In Polish it means to search
Or Prague-countryside
Totally normal
There was a great commercial for Kofola that mentioned this tradition
No, Czechoslovakia is not a country anymore
Kind of surprise considering how they painted Hungary with Orbán and Czechia with Zeman, but Bulgaria is most surprising for me also Finland, but I kind of get it.
About two times for half an hour
The past two years were good, but let's not get cocky, ok?
I was thinking about replying gypsies too before I found your answer; they are alien indeed but imagine: they are people without home, nomadic for entirety of their history, which has to be a terrible burden by itself but we forcefully settled them, taking the last thing they had going for them.
For some years now, some of the schools teach [Comenia Script] \- printed like letters, basically the kind of handwritting most people came to on their own anyway
Yes, because guns are difficult to get
It is a double standard, and it comes from what kind of people these foreigners are.
maybe Olomouc/Brno or some other big city
Let's kill Iran general in Iraq
I really like Swedish, Croatian and maybe even Slovenian
it seems like Brexit entertains people all over the world
26 can be "dvacet šest' or "šestadvacet" (a means and in czech, notice that the second form has no space in it) i'd say the first one Is more common
But I guess it's not stereotype because there are actual cases when children were take away from foreign parents for no reason
Amazing
Daily, we have large vietnamese minority.
"Přijít <něčemu> na kloub" = "To come up to <something's> joint (like in a knee, not the one with weed)" = Figure something out
) May be a German/ex-Austria-Hungarian invention
but you placed it in today's Lusatia/Southern Poland - area of western slavs like Sorbs
Beach is an extremely boring place
I've just imagined Cruchot and a nun riding it
The emphasis is supposed to peak in the middle of the word, but there is no indication.
That we could've 1v1 Germany in 1938
Smart people, but the teachers were just awful
Trus in Belarusian is a rabbit
But I'm generally for thin slice originals like a very fresh Margharita 'za
The French have to be beyond delusional to think that Islam isn't the cause of all these attacks
They obey my command without question or commentary
And he very clearly used the Force while aiming, not some blasted targeting computer
At first, I read: "What **religion** in your country is the odd one out
It's something in the way they speak
"Dělat mrtvého brouka" - to play a dead beetle; pretending you're not there
Not on my part anyway
I wonder how many people actually working for 407€ (Even lower than Slovakia or Poland ..
I mean, if it's really an important urban concept, why aren't places don't places like Moscow, Prague or Kiev have one as well?
Yeah, you can shake hands
The word “robot” was first used in the 1920 play “R.U.R.” by Karel Čapek (though the word was invented by his brother Josef Čapek)
Socialism is not communism
EU nationals with permanent residence can vote in the local elections and EP elections, why shouldn't they be allowed to vote in the national elections
Same is with door knobs
doesn't matter, it is like half an year ago or maybe more and the question was a bit different anyway.
I loved Tenerife
This was one single case, usually no one bats an eye
In 99% of cases, the price is the same or the difference can be accounted for as the difference in retailer markup due to lower staffing costs.
In the end, it's cheaper and more humane, than to left people on the streets for years.
Vysočina - the Alabama of Czechia
or he subconsciously earns more.
actually, we had [Friaul] for some time
Also, all limitations can be waived if you're EU citizen and decide to use naming convention of your state
We've got a lot, normally quite colorful ones are used
Sure, I have described what is most common
Around 115.000 Czechs work for minimum wage.
Lmao over our dead bodies
Brno is just a big village, as we say here in Prague
[…]
disorderly, some were deported to Germany or sent to Soviet union, some were blackmailed by communist police to become THEIR collaborators
Yeah, calling police there is a bomb in the building
Isn’t it like 5% of people owning the gun
no you did not, nothing makes you obliged to answer, it was your choice
Today I was reading [čsfd
That's actually interesting
Billion- miliarda
I always carry a textile shopping bag in my purse so that I can just stop by on my way from work and pick up whatever I need.
Czech can [make diminutives of anything] in several levels as well:
I would say, that since the implementation of the sanctions against Russia and the start of the migrant crisis, the propaganda intensified massively.
Here in Czechia we are using [German deck] and French too
no one mentioned it here but I think Serbs and Russian have good relations.
There are already countries that are much cheaper.
Monaco - basically just a casino
Setting aside the absurdity of focusing on small differences between products of different people's imagination, it never hurts to have extra motivation for the troops.
Unfortunately that's the only useful info the website gave
Oh yeah, I thought it was a person
Look at Romania, people won't allow that.
Came here to share this, nice to see a fellow man of culture (or at least fan of Waltze's talks)
I am affraid it will be practicaly impossible to turn opinion about Euro at this point
I don't really follow a whole lot of sporting events, but when I catch a glimpse of one on the telly, I usually cheer for the exotic underdog
1% of GDP of whole EU is an abysmal number
Please let me be your adviser and I'll revere you.
So, I am not quite sure who is the one "wasting" money here
However, I'm a big fan of winters, hockey, metal and Finnish culture, so my opinion might be slightly biased
Apparently in English it means to irritate or to bother someone.
Another thing when marrying is that it's not mandatory to change surnames
(We said
After they are able to budget, try to give them money for example for commuting to school, food
I... I honestly always thought they just built it in dark dirty colors lol
And the UK is number one country at turning them into pies
Ariane 5 had two failures and two partial failures in its first 28 launches.
Is it true that welfare is required to be paid back in Switzerland
We are very touchy when it comes to anything with Russia
It's a masterpiece
Bases in Japan and all over the world.
Well, if you want řezané, you say you want a řezané, if you want plzeň, ask for plzeň. But it used to be that if you just asked for a beer, they knew you wanted a 10° beer (desítka)
But that's not really my point.
Yeeting someone out a window
20min walk OR 15 min bus+walk OR 10min bike ride
Terezín is a place everyone goes to before being 15 at least
I've been living here for six months and I still am able to go sightseeing to places I haven't been all the time.
Beside mermaids
I read that this was common in a certain Central Asian country.
(banning memes, no free speech, link tax blabblahblah - what a load of bollocks)
So the problem I illustrated so perfectly was.....
you did ask in /r/AskEurope and not /r/AskACountry with Italian tag.
since you were 7
What I am saying is that in English saying Czechia makes none
11AM actually
Halifax explosion is not that unknown, because of its scale you will surely find it in any "sensationalist educational" material, you know what I mean, "the biggest catastrophes", "the unwanted records", like this
To me, Czech Republic is an official name and should be always used in a formal way
“Tři tisíce tři sta třicet tři stříbrných stříkaček přestříkalo přes tři tisíce tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech
To mam trochu z ruky, jsem z Ostravy :) je to dost mozne, tady ten sirup cpou vsude
Then feed THEM two main meals and dessert
I can't live without caraway
But that's basically a definition of a politician: they very rarely take blame for something the did
What do you mean know
it's all cool, my man
Some Czech news sites reported that the police won't disclose the attacker's indentity.
It's the tourists who get scammed so the locals don't care
But it would be best if it is as it is
Crowns gang rise up
But one of the best deterrents that we inadvertently already have is the quality of our highways
Right
It would be weird if you weren't, since you were the ones pushing for this programme so much last year.
Eventually things will balance out there.
Was in a Romanian bathroom in a school in 2012 and they had one of those hole in the ground toilets
(don't know what punishment is if you don't)
Thousands of innocent civilians were brutally murdered and slaughtered for no reason, those actions were often very organized
I'd say right now, there is quite a big variation amont the parliamentary parties
I didn't live through those times, so correct me if i'm wrong, fellow czechs
YouTube is horrible under many videos, but public Facebook pages (like government or public news) are so much worse
5 metre, and it melts right away anyway
Yeah, I also use them, but sometimes they have problems, mostly during car navigation
I wish more countries adopted this mentality, because national pride hasn't done much good in the great scope of things
And not feeling guilt but instead responsibility and awareness of what humans are capable of if pushed to limits is a healthy attitude that I think most people who know a thing about history should adopt
The Czech part is also so on-rails (or atleast that's what it felt like to me) that it's impossible to go very deep into the subject, so rudimental Czech will probably do lol
růžinu jevil vonný vzdech
No one can serve bullshit on a silver plate while appearing absolutely serious like he does.
It's basically just the employers lobbying organizations vs the unions who constantly argue whether we should try to allow more migrants here.
looks to me it is either some Russian like gibberish or a basic three words sentence from second chapter of beginners language book
You use bible as proxy not to have gay marrige, but as you can see, the church doesn't follow bible faithfully itself and it evolved in the curse of time.
For example, Czech republic follows Germany in everything and would be grouped into BalkanEast, same thing probably goes for Slovakia and maybe Hungary and Poland.
I have to learn German in school as well as English but I'm okay with English
And I do have a soft spot for buildings that blend old stone or brick architecture with modern steel and glass, especially where the steel and glass is used to 'fill in' missing bits of the old structure
It's a great plan if you want to further increase tensions in Europe
He nearly threw up on our Crown Jewels, on the TV
A rozhodně radši Karla Habsburského (vnuk posledního císaře) než-li Zemana
The grammar is easy and I see a lot of similarities in the vocabulary with German (bc their both germanic languages)
Basically if you buy stuff like rice, flour, shampoo etc
It's more about the capital city, Prague but it's great
I loved that because I was introduced to it during vacation in Itally when I was stuck the whole day indoors one day and this was the only thing I could watch
So when you use an exonym followed by an ellipsis it's considered derogatory?
It makes sense when you look at the [Keeling Curve]
Shit, the "Linux in Javascript" guy is very prolific...
Your English is great for that age
Been in Croatia, depends on which beach you're going to, usually the big beaches noone is but swim a few meters farther and basically every single one
If there were still pax romana, maybe there wouldn't be enough incentive to develop new technologies.
It just sucks to have people like that as your co-workers
Yeah, me neither
No mayo, nothing but cold potatoes, vinegar and oil
It was quite shocking
Maybe you, because you can buy an Android which will last for the same amount of time and the price will be on par with an iPhone, but that Android most probably will have better specs
How can anyone support anything free
Sure they are, though we mostly use quark or yeast dough
Is this a crossover episode
I love Japanese curry and okonomiyaki and those two I cannot get in Czech Republic, unless I make them myself
I knew a whole dozen of them - fifteen years ago, that is
There is much more
This would be the best way to support economy and a real base for integration.
) You don't have to put the card against the chip when entering, you can be controled by controler, if you don't have coupon on your card, or a marked ticket, you'll get a fine (about 70 euros
He is absolutely right
Germany can accomodate, right
Kremlin offensive is the nationalistic card and taking attention to something else.
It's fucking hilarious
Prague, living in a building "just" from 1906, but it is all around...
Than rub it and call it small
Oh it's perfect
When one of their reporters outright lied and they refused to fire him, I lost all my faith in them
I wouldn't mind spending Christmas in France again and stopping in Paris along the way, but that would be just a side effect of visiting my "in-laws".
Yes
For example, when Bernanke was trying to make the Fed more transparent and tried to talk to the media what is going on, he moved the markets.
Russia is worst of all (I've seen plenty of videos of Russian gangs ambushing migrant workers in the street), but places like Poland and Romania are also no cakewalks for non-whites.
Sometimes it feels like way too much
It's a broad topic, so you will have to decide whether to want to cover the entire region (but you'll not be able to go really in-depth) or whether to focus on a specific country(ies) - sort of do some kind of case study.
Unfortunately I have not visited.
Yes we are, look at the map and the abundant comfortable feeling around Jews
Oh are they really
So we sometimes forget you are there too
> You don't have an obligation to your place of birth
Trump is not going to withdraw from NATO and undo everything.
There’s us, who speak proper Czech, then there’re the other people in the other part of country, who don’t know how to speak Czech and then there’s Prague
lucid — however, this rather belongs to academic texts instead of meetings
It is not always the "evil money lenders" who are the problem.
They are just really easy to slide under the quarantine doors
The confirmed underwater depth is actually currently at least 404 meters (473 m including the dry part) but it is true that based on the water composition/temperature or something it is expected to be as deep as 1200 m.
Maybe because majority of Czechs in WWI died fighting for "wrong" side
They came from South America
Personally anything from [Miro Žbirka]
But seriously
For example, Slovenia is much more industrialised than the rest of Balkans
They made it look all official, with a local cop supervising the exam and all
Been there on a business trip once, this is where the company I work at has the Americas branch.
Just like with many subjects, the topics we go trough in high school are the same as elementary school, just with more detail.
I know a lot of people that smoke it
It's made Warhorse Studios which has let me see \*rustles through the 1st page of google you could have fucking looked up\* oh you know, 131 employees
I guess by nickname from Italy or Estonia(Talin)
But we already have a bitter history of other larger countries trying to shape our culture
Then yes
I went to a school with focus on math and we had to turn off the brain for all those personal sufferings, natural disasters, fake history etc
Yeah but Germany was a democracy before Hitler came to power.
Buying is fairly easy via gun shop or e-shop - but you ALWAYS need a gun license, you cannot have a gun without it
yes we have (been there last week) two names are possible, can't be same and if there is a dash (anna-marie) it is considered as single one
[Riccioli] or [Grimaldi] after the guys who first mapped the Moon (and the next European Moon village could be called after the other one), eventually after any other scienists or scholar who contributed to the exploration of the Moon.
It's a shame that a sequel or a remake isn't much viable, because the cost would be so huge.
Well, I quite obviously didn't mean algorithmic complexity.
Yes, almost everyone is send away for 2 weeks in summer
RIP
Also cheeses
I am surprised that you don't have end of WW2 as a national holiday
I think Ceska Televize is very good.
No, I don't like it
In Czechia, I’d say that [marlenka] It was made in Czechia based on Armenian recipe tough
And yes, they have been closed since Saturday
No matter how we do it, they always do it better :)
In the second round, would you vote for Fillon or Le Pen?
For listening, Youtube has been more helpful to me than movies, because people speak more naturally
Both rely mainly on dissatisfied older rural voters and both polarise the society and mobilise voters against internal and external threats
Also Czechs on average favour beer over spirits
I ment it for Czechs
I mean, if Poland becomes sea, we will have access to sea
Top 10 practical jokes that went too far
That's because who your great-great-great-great-grandma was doesn't matter, it matters who you are.
**Polish:** I would say that I can understand about 80% when written and about 65% when spoken, speaking slowly definitely helps
there's a great soda in Malta called Kinnie - - it is bittersweet and incredibly tasty.
You learn English as second language obviously and then I don't know if it's on all highschools or only on Gymnasium type you have to pick a third language (idk how it's on trade schools it might be optional)
They can be unpaid as long as we don't do any productive work (aka do actual work for the company)
It makes me often side with religious people in discussions against ignorant atheists, who believe Christians are all crazed worshippers of a fairytale (although some of them surely are)
but was it really second name or just that baptism name
with foie gras or sweet with poppy seeds or a plum jam
Moscow in turn robbed Poland when they've taken over half of their territory.
Have you ever saw non-homemade *sekaná* as good as they sell in Austria
Yeah, that's pretty much it
I disagree and think the most famous photo is [our current president]
Hell Gott died today and Ive already heard jokes about it
Great and these citizens should get used to following the current laws (or getting punished for failing to do so).
But according to my team’s observations, these are the MEPs who voted for restricting your freedoms online:
I can name these just from the top of my head - Pelíšky, Tři oříšky pro Popelku, Mrazík, Home alone 1 & 2, Die hard, Anděl páně 1 & 2, Tři veteráni, Sůl nad zlato
"Vole" in Czech
Here are some links, you should check out: [Crown Jewels] [i don't even know] [a videogame based on his interview]
and practically any castle u see
It was to keep communism out of the world.
One little complaint: I drink beer the Czech way.
Also, since the president has the presidential pardon in his hands, and our prime minister is being accused of economic crimes and is in a conflict of interest (he own a major business he's, allegedly, favoring in state subsidies and cracking down on his business rivals)
Břeclav was honestly pretty nice, at least the center
Pretty much just the Boston Tea Party, who won and what was established afterwards.
František - Fanda, Fanouš
The interwar period
So called "no packaging stores" are popping up all over the country in the last few years
One can optimize the songs with these conditions in mind
This has been a classic German tactic "poolkrieg" for about thirty years mate
They were never distinctly feminine, for sure, either vaguely masculine or neuter - in the same way that cartoon characters default to male unless they have a pink bow and eyelashes
That's why almost all protests seem like just people trying to get away with destroying shit
You just think about the sentence in your language and then translate it word from word
Good:
it can make a huge difference on the result
The quality of water depends on area, city, type of buildings etc
Kunda is bad word for vagina in Czech.
The thought that your life here is not all there is and that if your life sucks here you have heaven to look forward to.
Culturally, we are more influenced by germans I think, being in their sphere of influence for far longer than under Russia.
As long as we ignore the simple fact that no lithuanians or poles live there.
Muotio FIN
And Aš is the westernmost town, there are villages further west
I would just change
I agree, they could choose better Italian.
Heh, too true
Ability to follow rules
Hygiene, people, hygiene
Wait
The EU just needs to federalize and combine forces.
Počítají se Habsburkové?
Take out food I'd also add Kebab or Gyros.
We got rid of the Habsburg rule which was quirky, but not entirely bad
Wtf have you just said shitty lager?
Not too far from Kyiv, so I've actually came two or three times
It was beautiful
I think „raz dva“ is more intelligible
I'm friends with quite a few and the funny thing is, we party hard as hell.
If you're interested I can look it up.
I find the seasonal change annoying, so I'm in favor of abolishing it
It swiftly died out during communism.
He gave himself almost 80 %. How dare he
It's a tradition over here too
(any UK redditor, feel free to correct me)
In the city where I live, we also have roads to Christmas markets blocked by police and firefighters trucks.
Fuck you for being black, for being gay, for being rich or poor, for being different or too same as the rest
For CZ it would be Israel it seems.
The point is it was a mere liberalisation of the regime but the Soviets interpreted it as a "contra-revolution attempt" to use it as an excuse for the Warsaw pact military intervention.
Brave and stunning
" -"Baba przebyteczna" (from přebytečná = unnecessary/redundant)
Horse salami is normal in Czechia
It's perfectly normal
Thank you Romania for being such good pals throughout the 20th century (1919, 1945, 1968)
No, those guns wasn't even deactivated.
Eating on Christmas day, you're not supposed to eat anything before the Christmas dinner (so that you can see the Golden piggy
Contact lenses, lightning rod, ship propeller or blood types* are also cool tho
And after the fact, these same people immediately immediately showed where they lay in the hierarchy and who was in charge
I dunno if it's European thing, but I remember plenty of case here in Czech Republic.
Theme of the camp was Robinson Crusoe, so many games were inspired by the plot
It's funny when you compare that to Czechia, whose core's borders barely changed over the past thousand years
Langoš - deep fried dough with cheese, garlic and tomato sauce on it
For the men, of course
There's some serious meme potential with these faces
We had to buy books in high school too, and some teachers insisted on the newest edition (especially for fairly expensive foreign langauge books - very annoying), but elementary/middle school books definitely should be provided
6 - šest
I certainly hope you’re right
What if it was all a dream
Always bramborák/kartoffelpuffer
I wouldn't however use it in a formal environment
The only things we talk about here are things that have something to do with covid
Also, there was strong belive that we are actually one people group just separated by historical reasons.
So why you don't have elegant outfits?
Islam is the base of their identity  and they necessarily live in conflict with our society even if they don't act openly aggressive
Our bad
Many people think that this institute "makes the rules" of the Czech language, but that's not really true anymore, it works in a descriptive way
The songs heard mostly passively are heard through specific media which impose certain conditions
Yes, WW2 had some instances when it was incredibly brutal, but the conditions soldiers had to go through on the frontlines of WW1 were in my opinion worse
Similar to United States and America.
Who is not lazy
Also a compulsive need to gather and sit on a huge amount of wealth?
Otherwise it has a very Central European look
Basically, the old language is mostly understandable by Czechs
There is nothing preventing the poor countries to pass pro-business legislation and invest the money into general education and stop the brain-drain in the long-term.
So yea
I think it's pretty slow and king of boring, like I get that it's sentimental and talks about how beautiful our land is but it's too slow
Sometimes things have to get worse first before they become better.
you know, the future of military is not about tanks
We used to, but now, sice "kids" are 20-30 yo, it's Young  table
Third one is somehow a bit cult movie here.
I initially found concept of spelling bee utterly baffling because our language is very phonetic and you read the exact sounds you write
We've barely ruled ourselves for 30 years and I'm not giving my sovereignity away
No but congrats I guess
> Also WTF, wikipedia, why does it correspond to "1, 2, 3, 4, ..." in other languages
how do you know, that homosexuals can't produce childern?
I think in general any large urban city, people are miserable and rude.
Czechia confirms
People don't even want to bring discussions about religion back to everyday life
I really don't feel like they deserved to be killed
Either isst or die Mädchen
Professionalism at it's finest
[**Vodník/Hastrman**] - a water demon drowning unwary swimmers and collecting their souls in procelain lid-covered cups.
And *Cesko* would just be confusing to English readers.
So next time you’re driving on that brand new road or bridge, think about this article here….maybe YOU are one of the ungrateful complainers.
V4 clearly stated that enhanced cooperation is a possibility - you may read it as "covering their backs", but that's just your opinion and it isn't really based on any hard evidence.
Tradition i guess
Dont be stupid like me and dont live in buildings with old wooden windows and bad insulation
In Czech, grasshopper is little mare, kobylka
bra = "śprajc podpierowy kozactva ochablego"
Usually it ends with a big explosion
I (female) also didn't learn much about cooking until I moved out for college, and I feel like that's not uncommon, in some families you're just expected to figure it out for youself later
23C which is fine
Don’t use cab from airport these guys prices are well above legal range
For earth it is way too big scale and for astronomical distances way to small
Average person who had no opinion about Euro will of course hear some of this rhetoric some way or another
Brainwashed, stupid or malicious.
Home with just myself in the city - yes
Cute, I'm going to call it štrůdl from now
They could be merged into a single grapheme however we have a lot of words that are pronounced the same and although you cannot hear the difference you can see it when you write the words down: e.g. *bít* (to beat) vs *být* (to be)
better if Croatians do this :) I am not usual traveler (and been there just one, on Mali Lošinj for two nights) but for majority it means load a car with shitload of food (because obviously they are not eating anything outside of Czech republic) and being stupid in mountains (we don't have real mountains here, just hills :)
The communist regime rule can be seen as one big atrocity too, especially the purges of 1950s.
25€ deposits on cans and plastic bottles like they have in germany
Legally you can have second name
I realize that there are really no other effective ways to measure corruption, but I still take all these corruptions perceptions indexes with a grain of salt.
However I would assume that it mostly had the character of consultations and sharing know-how.
Why did I have to scroll this far to get this?
Was it Trakai castle
This is probably necessary for the brain to mature.
Czechia: Oh my god, I really hoped for some beaches
The long scale having the same prefixes as anywhere else and the short scale introducing chaos and existing for no reason
Unused objects are slowly falling to disrepair or are demolished, but remain popular among urbexers, larpers, airsoft and paintball players and similar groups
5 mio
Plenty of people smoke today, youth has easier access to other drugs thru their dealers etc
These companise profit from EU common market, while using the fact that certain norms are not yet implemented.
Countryside and old people are rednecks.
no one ever called me a pedophile, so I'm guessing it might just be you, OP.
If the dish was created with military rations, there's no way it was a refined dish
Literally one google search away
It was the most beautiful lunch of my life
If we're going conpletely by contemporary administration, then the year would be 1969, the year in which the Czech Socialist Republic was established as Czechoslovakia was federalised
It sound weird, but after my one year stay in Germany I love it with sauces now
If I used cans more regularly I would probably get a more modern one, but this takes minimal space and is good enough for the few times a year it's used
Yeeting someone out a window
Thanks, but even in this article are only mentioned masks and respirators
A child also can't have the same name as their living sibling (if the kids share both of the parents)
and yet some people nostalgically reminisce about the glorious time of communism, when they had to queue for basic stuff for hours
You're more disciplined than I am
But otherwise, yes
You will most likely live but there is a chance you catch salmonella
Since now, I evade supermarkets when on vacation in favour of local bakeries and farmers
Will we have Tolerance trucks this year again?
I was thinking most people would write Zeman, but he's going to dissolve by himself
You don't?
In the 2nd century, Ptolemaios wrote about a roman settlement called Meliodunon, which supposedly was located around the area.
On a similar note, when I get past German or communicate in English, I find that a lot of Austrians I know are closer to my mindset than most Slovaks are
Damn, my country is really shitty
Once you make it into adulthood you could live a long life
What if it was all a dream
But meh, when did things such as facts ever stop us from making fanciful tales and wishes?
But I like that it ends on a positive note as well.
A high chance of Babiš not being a prime minister/in the government
We would bring our own food, neatly packed from home, to be on the safe side, then drink beer all the evening and return home with food from the table messily dumped in our bag because, hey, it would be a waste to leave it there
Companies won't present it from obvious reasons: the aim is to mislead consumers and save money by using cheaper ingredients, while pretending to be the same product across the border.
So it entirely depends on what you look like, how good that particular person is at guessing people's age, and how strict the establishment is (most small shops and cheap pubs don't really give a shit, so unless you literally look like a child they won't ask, while more fancy restaurants or supermarkets will be more careful).
Pérák's modus operandi was also rather similar to those the Assassins: jumping from the height, killing a nazi officer with a razor, and vanishing
As many said before : Dont be upset, man
Trust me on that one
(1) 'voj' is not any pole, but a pole that connects a cart with the yoke
Úhonice And Průhonice
The flip side: You dont have to carry your national id with you 24/7, you only need to have it made
Yeah, they want to escape social problems in the east, that's why so many people emigrated besides economical reasons.
The restaurant will be famous now
The wisest thing to do imo is avoid the crowds, so that means summertime...
I have heard “jdu do kelu” only in Moravia, especially in Ostrava
tak to jo
This nominee for minister of culture wasn’t even able to read from paper, and when show host told him not to read it, he kept going
"On 22 October 2019, the Chamber of Deputies passed a non-binding resolution condemn[ing] all activities and statements by groups calling for a boycott of the State of Israel, its goods, services or citizens
there are integration courses backed by the government.
If I had an expat salary package, I'd taken Barcelona over Madrid any day.
I still have have high hopes for Reaction Engines' Skylon or another SSTO based on their SABRE engine.
yes, because his first wife Ivana was born in CzechoSlovak Socialistic Republic.
I wish my coutry was like that too but Czechs are really backward in so many things
I believe that only individual himself knows best how to operate on free market to benefit him the most
And there is a little difference between German and other Germanic languages so...
A lot of people say they do it "for kids to have fun" (and usually just torture the carps, my little brother once straight up poisoned them - he poured them the washing powder to "eat") and it is terrible, especially if they keep the carps for like day or even more
Yes, but shops are refilling stock quickly and some of them started even discounts of these particular items
you know times changed but stuff like this will stay on your mind for life.
A lot of historical buildings and very unique culture
They are usually working for minimum wage or even less..
Take your rakija and leave slivovice to us
Slovakia has great mountains
No, I am not aware of any tradition connected to this day
So yeah a "pointy" object
E.T. was in cinemas, but [Rambo wasn't] \- I'm sure of it, because half of my family worked in the cinema and i had free access to all screenings
The French on the other hand....(Libya)
That is why it may look like people got dumber
And Catalan struggle for independence was covered in here a lot and what I remember very few took Spanish side
Well
It jokingly draws a parallel with the situation in 1938 when France, UK, Italy agreed with Nazi Germany that Czechoslovakia must hand over Sudetenland (which at that point had an ethnic German majority) in order to "keep peace for our time", as Chamberlain put it back then.
Here's my photo of the children's memorial, which currently has a bunch of toys and flowers laid there (even including a fidget spinner)
Czechia is pronounced as ["Che-ki-ea"] roughly
Swedish man: *erection*
I have a feeling this graph is trying to communicate that the lower the number of children in the classroom the better
frustrated about our politics I just remember Trump and US and I suddenly feel much better about my tiny little country
The first means thousand three hundred twenty six
Now show the same places without shitty oversaturation filters and lens effects.
Czechia encompasses all the lands of the Czech nation
You’re fucking dead, kid
"zavináč" is this:
> put on sweat pants
And Czech language did comeback
Piers is OK guy
I sure wish we had more space for wildlife and natural ecosystems somewhere, but I'm not an outdoorsy kinda person myself
Serbia is the winner in Europe, I'd say
Beside mermaids
Guilty, haha
I think something like that is in Czechia at the age of 65
Saint Wenceslaus in Czechia
Similar thing in Czech Republic
I mean, carrying knives is also banned and they just keep happily stabbing each other
[Map link]
When lil commies start calling others populists, you can be sure they are at their lowest.
guys with camera offering women money for blowjob
Some Austrian cities too:
They can later decide to leave the church
Kurva
Maďarsko, but Uhry too
I haven't seen anything but rainclouds
Well, you can always take the first step and try to start a new quirky trend
"eventually understand that I have come to serve my people, not dominate over them.” LMAO
I find the seasonal change annoying, so I'm in favor of abolishing it
We had news about in Czechia as well, the LGBT situation too
Why should you have any say in what words English uses?
But anyway its not that other countries dont allow certain guns, but the Czech Republic allows people to actually carry guns for self-defence
oh, eternal Reich stretching from Moscow to la Manche.
Cons: Parts of Alpes gone
In our case, probably the whole written language (which is very seldom used in speech)
we have beer at mc donalds as well and I've seen beer in spain.
If you could assign every vote to a voter, potential fraud would be minimal, but it's also really bad idea.
If I'm deluded, what's the reality then?
That's exactly what negative concord is and once you know it's idempotent, it's not confusing, provided the context is casual
Bye Austria
He steals opposition proposals, rejects them and then proposes them himself
Communism was pretty shit but like come on haha
That could be because I can understand Slovak and sometimes the words in Polish are more similar to Slovak
When I saw the news last night, I couldn't believe it at first
So we have numbers 0-5 in the elevator, but on the stairs we had 0, 1, 2, 4, 4, 5
Demand for international travel is much lower than the domestic one
Is it sorted by anything
Holywood generally makes it seem like we're all Russian mafia :D
Interesting
The attitude of the public is highly relaxed (i.e.
Nice
And I bet you are not constitution expert, you just read something from a yellow newspaper
As for Czechia, all the lines are included, including the private and/or narrow gauge lines that aren't owned by the state
One of the most beautiful countrysides in the world, plus the culture and people just feel very refreshing
There is nothing wrong with neoliberal policies themselves, they merely lack pareto improvements.
It's the economic and political categories that have low results in this report.
And I don’t know what to make of it
There are no farms that would specifically breed horses for meat but simply when a horse gets injured or is too old to work (and it's not like a beloved companion of the owner), it's put down and its meat processed
So the hypothetical alien can wonder and ponder what we are
Since it's such a heavy dish, it's more commonly eaten during and around the winter months
Yup, great tactic is to place nasty label on anyone who doesn't agree with you 100%. Then you will act surprised, why people do not vote as you wish
It's fucked up they call themself pro-EU and vote for shit like this
Well for example Munich treat was for us the biggest treason in our history and we will never forget that, but for France and Britain it probably means very little
> formerly part of te USSR
we had a very enjoyable tour by a beefeater so the visit also doubled as a standup comedy
Are there trees in Iceland
I always liked Italian theme a lot.
Brno just doesn't have a good location - from my home town, it is like 5
Which is almost everyone
He wouldn't dare
It's "jdeme, jdeme, jdeme." ;) I'm curious, I haven't watched SG, is this original audio?
Mrs
You sure
I think I've seen that once on someone elses computer
Not so much now, but still now and then some TV station broadcasts it.
This is something that stems from having mutually inteligible languages and Slovakia historically having a smaller creative base
He is a proven STB informant and his companies are full of people tied to the former communist government
More and more people are atheists or agnostics, or they follow some kind of old cults i.e neo paganism.
In fact it is named after the company founder Emil Škoda.
com
In reality he is just a political entrepreneur
Europe is culturally rich due to its languages.
Dubček was inept as a politician
Look at it like this - would you prefer to grow up in state institutions where few social workers care for hundred of kids than in loving family even if you happen to have two dads/ two mums?
Propably depens on where you live
currently, there is a ruling coalition of two parties here - [ANO 2011] and [CSSD] (Czech social democratic party)
What are the cases where someone was truly the first human to discover some area while being able to keep records (i.e. having writing)
Last time I checked Instagram they were still using rage comics
Ernst Mach was born in village near Brno
I know the tune and some of the lyrics of the Slovak and our old Austro-Hungarian anthem
Hornets, vipers, there are few bears in the mountains, but that's about it
Worse than English in around ¾ of topics, but not bad
Adjective surnames have masculine/feminine adjective ending and suffix *-ová* is added to nominative female surnames
I was quite sad when I looked at the statistics 3000 people could live now if government took this crisis seriously
Yeah, nothing was really worth the hassle and the fees.
That's actually quite similar to old Czech.
For people who are not in the know, this burn actually has additional layer — Slovakian people absolutely hate being called Hungarians (historically Huns occupied and lived on parts of today's Slovakia and Slovaks are still salty about the whole deal and whatnot)
Why
There was a lot incidents with trains
Come on, he won't make life easier for Le Pen voters based on his rhetoric
> Är det det det är
Ok, Russia, then be so kind and please direct your affection at someone else.
Wait really
Proper (dark) [bread
They don't understand the difference between protecting free speech and approving of insult of Muhammad
Anytime I go to some countries having fresh seafood, I get it, cause I live in landlocked country and good seafood here is expensive and rare :)
> While here sometimes I can go weeks without seeing anyone that isn't a South Slav
I would agree, that we get talented people from Slovakia and many students, due to bigger market and more opportunities in education and resarch.
They are planning on cutting public holidays IIRC, and besides, you have the 1st of November as a national holiday while Czechs do not
So often, the words have same consonants but sometimes different vowels
The guy who is always drunk
If I would pack my shit, hop on the plane and ask for job in the UK I would be an immigrant
That sounds pretty cool, I always wondered what it's like living in a country with less than 1 mil people
You know, we have beautiful architecture everywhere in the city centre
I'm not pretending to be an expert on this and I also think that different countries have different needs/attitudes, so there isn't just one good immigration/integration policy that would work everywhere.
The monster was on square 100 km away in Liberec :D
There's difference between ensuring you win, and knowing you can't win whether you vote or not.
There are things I dont like about the Czech Republic, sure, but there are a lot more that I do like
And all people living westwards are aggressive, snotty, treacherous and dangerous.
And to answer your first question, no, it's not the same thing
Modern office building will have AC
Bastards
If there is an anti-establishment narrative gaining monumentum, then it means there is something wrong with the establishment.
A [vozembouch] (literally ground smasher, it's a rod with a bunch of jingle bells, tambourines and such),
Been looking on flight radar this morning, saw a KLM plane straddling the border over Sumava on its way to Vienna from Amsterdam and a Chinese plane from Shanghai which flew over heading south to Italy maybe - if you pick your moment there are no proper large aircraft flying over the country
Also this [
All these "WW3" memes are utter shit, of course, but the middle east will be de-stabilized even more
Unlike lazy muricans, people in Europe tend to travel
We even adapted the "imbus" in Czech for the hex
If you're talking about bottled beer, it still isn't true for Pilsner, but you can buy a cheap beer in a supermarket for that
They don't have to be mutually exlusive, it's just that it looks like that you're putting way more emphasis on the first, while I would say you should absolutely put more emphasis on the second thing.
You need to build it yourself :)))
Fukushima is rather proof how safe nuclear power plants are.
Lots of poor people from europe comes to Canada for work or just living.
Not federalise and leave as much powers as possible on national level.
we had family nearby with house like this and they were openly jehowist (and probably something else) but yes If I remember correctly these nonsenses on the house was just nonsenses, not jehova related
za dvacku pívo, co víc bys chtěl prosimtě?
Than there's also Český Krumlov with beautiful castle, and gorgeous centre, gorgeous Karlstein and magical Lednicko-Valtický Areál.
Finaly
;) Im self-employed so I dont even get paid holiday
One rebelious religion group didn't like the parlament, so they went there and literally yeeted everyone out of the window
So yea
Yeah, old times of Great Moravia
The Vietnamese joined the council in 2013
15-20 is denim jacket weather
It's virtually the same as the curvature of cucumber myth explained well by [WhyEurope]
I always click instantly
I dunno if i'm the only one, but the most foreign one to me is probably Český Krumlov, one of the most touristy places in ČR aside Prague
I guess I would be dead or wounded since my country fought against France 4 years ago
E= I meant legalising it has no negatives, not that weed itself has no negatives
It can happen to everyone
I was obviously not talking about languages
You guys have to really start checking the migrants' age more properly in Germany.
I just love reading and can't imagine other people not doing the same...
In Algeria:
During those years we have made mistakes that only we are responsible for.
There are managers in my company who also have piercings and tattoos
I just don’t like how English term sounds
There absolutely were these tendencies in the party until the end
I'm kinda forcing my two younger brothers to be a bit more computer literate whenever I'm back home
Very tight labor markets in several CEE countries is an important transitional stage.
As well, lot of Americans buy it on credit, while I think most of Europeans buy the phone upfront
Those must have been really interesting times
>Seriously, we watch the same movie during Christmas,[...] understand each other, listen to similar music
I don't remember any sudden surge of rugby popularity, but if we achieve some success, the media can easily elevate any sport from obscurity, so perhaps one day
Something to the effect of adding them into one's collection in their basement
Btw, what are your thoughts on the opposition candidate
Why is that, if you don't mind me asking
Same as making a lane into a thicc sidewalk and making people drive on tramways
Same here
Basically you either think the USA is heaven on Earth and Putin is the devil, or the other way round, and that just shapes your entire view of the world.
I like other cheeses too but korbáčiky are the only ones I can eat just by itself without bread or anything.
yep, when I follow all rules and avoid highways and speeds over 110 and traffic is fine I can do something like 4.3 with current car (diesel)
Yeah, I absolutely agree with you that what PSD are doing is completely despicable.
There is this one small website something like www.google.com or something.
Another comparison - the previously mentioned trip from Prague to Ostrava would cost me, as a student, 143 czk (5,6€)
It's a single quite comfy train ride
But EU nationals have it easier.
Vice versa
So Czech government has declared "Czechia" as the offical English short version of "Czech Republic".
moment - okamžik - blink of an eye
Taxidermia (2006)
And don't let me start on mullets, camo shorts every season and a fanny pack
If you don't mind me asking
It's quite thick sauce because of the flour
Lichtenstein, because noone else is gonna mention them
I don't care
I don't think Erdogan cares that much about the Dutch election, what he *does* care about is the Turkish Constitutional Referendum coming up in April, which is meant to massively expand his executive powers as President.
These people terrify me lmao
But U-Boat is just the German word for submarine
He refused at first, he tried to contact his commander, but as one soldier with rifle against tanks he had no chance but to surrender to them
But if hyperloop is the way to go in the future of transportation (skeptical about that too), then I am pretty excited that this might actually be happening at my home country.
The only countries I have no desire to visit are Russia, Belarus and Ukraine.
It has not much to do with our economic performance or the economic performance of other CEE countries.
I don't think this applies to unique artefacts
Turkey is almost completely in Asia Minor, whereas 77% of Russian population lives in Europe
I love to buy books and I always have more than I can read
Hilki midriikí nisidívij i pitiki, ....
Lol you think the organized crime scene is waiting for visa?
Czech Republic: 995 cases
Yeah, me neither
Meaning we would have to have the window fully open all the time which is just hugely impractical
The downside might be the way how doctors treat you
And most restaurants and schools are closed
or strong earthquakes
Our country is also very small
Was it
I don't like beer either and I feel like an anomaly.
Nah you get off the hook for this one of course
Ah right, that makes sense
We're lovin' it
By whom
Brno - a glorified village
Is the proverb "Preaching water, drinking wine", that we use in Czech, known in English
Even immediately after the end of WW1, as new countries were being created and competed for land and autonomy
Then if you want you can write printed-like but nobody will teach you that
because the virus seems way too complex to just pop out of nowhere as a mutation of the common coronavirus
(stupid while drunk, obviously)
I would choose symphonic poem Vltava (Moldau) by Bedřich Smetana
We call it "patička", literally "little heel" or "Hacke".
) followed by the Ukrainians, Vietnamese and Russians
Here's basically a full [Czech-Hantec dictionary] :)
But based on your replies, it worked anyway
The commie blocks many people live in weren't built for this
1918 - 1939
- billion = miliarda
We were teaching a bit about Mesopotamia, Hittites, more about Egypt, even more about Greece and Rome and also something about Germans and Celts, because they lived here
Either some dark forces didn't want us there or I just suck at navigation
Police is always armed with a handgun
But the book was meant to be a warning, not a guide
Isn't that Böhemen in German
But from what I've been able to find, it mostly falls either under defamation or some sort of harassment.
also as someone born and grown behind iron curtain, young stupid me idealised USA as country of freedom not as a country where people like to all aspects of their lives to be dictated and policed
And every 15 km at least you'll pass by a castle or a chateau - I walk by two every morning when going to town square alone - Old and New (because why settle for your old folks home when there's enough place to build a mega-mansion in their backyard eh
was not
You're very much rivaled by Scandinavians, specially the Danish though.
But I get your with nobility
As it's pretty international, there are always at least five different layouts to switch to, presumably installed by angry Greeks/Romanians/Austrians/whoever who just couldn't deal with that stuff
When the crisis come ppl need to craft protective equipment to survive because state is unprepared to protect the nation
In another scenario, Poland and Slovakia might overtake us.
There is the Amundi one I link in the OP and then the ČSOB offers a few (filter by the keyword index)
We probably should be glad that nobody notices us, we wouldn't want to expose Europe to too much of our political bullshit, would we?
And about Radeszkys nationality
Draslík-K
> They were also the only one of the three who enjoyed significant material/territorial gains from the war
Not an entire chain, but I'd like triple cheeseburger from German McDonalds
He is true
Foctothorpeck is a weird word
Don't worry I paused there for a second as well
Ten Uzbekistán.
An "angelist", angel maker as in neighboring countries
cz also have amazing touristic maps with all any pedestrian needs to orient themselves
During this time, teachers would pull me out of classes to practise with me, which was frankly pointless even as a revision, and I missed on Math, Physics, Chemistry, and Biology (those I did need, hahah)
Slavs just jealous because they can not into our glorious language.
Why go for quality over quantity when you can have both?
Václav, Karel, Jiří, Otakar, Vladislav, Boleslav, František
Haha, thanks :) And just FYI I'm actually very appreciative of the fact that US is strengthening military presence in the Baltics/Poland/Romania and I think most of the Eastern Europeans would agree.
When spoken, it gets really harder - the influence of German is very noticeable - it's basically Slavic language spoken with very thick German accent and that makes it very hard to understand if you are not used to the way how some words sound with this accent
The rule here is that you can and might have to use stronger force than the attack to stop it
In four of them water is great, one is okay (where I live now) and one is awful (where I am from) – it's heavily chlorinated and hard, which made me think that all city tap water was awful growing up.
We say often, vulgary, "v nějaký prdeli" which translates to "In some asshole"
the hell
Yes, there's school 1-9 grade on my way to work and pre-covid I was seeing tons of kids going in/out without adults every day
Haha that’s my grandma’s favorite
I think we will experience another war in Europe during our life time
The factory was overstocked  with ammunition
They don't think that at all
We were on a school trip in France and a schoolmate injured her leg so she had to go to hospital.
Love that channel
Singles chart: [Yzomandias ft
Those still being published by Talpress, not the new translations
Only partially, still not full Germanic.
I believe this is to make it not possible for EU to ban weapons here like it is slowly happening right now.
Depending on your definition of serious.
Today
" - Somebody has a pole in their ass
In the first page, she certainly didn't say anything of the sort.
Force out quick "good" and move on
Most of the traditional Czech foods are terrible.
When in reality it’s mostly a celebration of fertility and love (like a May day, which comes right after)
You might not like it, but this what peak of democracy look like
I just say it in (mangled) Polish, but in Czech it would be "Není to můj cirkus, nejsou to mé opice," but it does not quite roll off the tongue as easily
I'm sure that was a fully equal relationship.
The word "can" meaning a small container is the same as "can" as being able to, in English
What do people think there about all of this occupation
Czechs abroad tend to integrate and "disappear" rather than form communities (or ghettos) for the most part, so there's not much to talk about.
Oh, by no means is it fault of the british *people*, the *mentality* of some of the high brass politicians on the other hand...
That's why there's a higher age requirement for presidency (40 here in CZ) and their terms may be longer
the most recent is from last Thursday, was a group of tourist (two girls one boy) having some mental breakdown after they were not allowed to sit at the bar (place was reserved and there were reservation signs) and obviously manager name they asking for was not given to them
) to get fully rid of the "German element". The locals told him to shut up and think about where he got his surname (which is likely a Czech form of "Hitzel", a common German surname in the area)
I don't care if they assimilate.
Well, it would be pretty strange for christians wanting Sharia.
Currently I'm playing Word of Tanks with a friend.
I think the government wanted to ban advertisements along roads so that people wouldn't stare at them when they are supposed to pay attention to the road
I’ve been to Germany many times and I can tell you, the Czech Republic made a huge progress in the last 20 years
Inside it has three terraces, which are linked by steps, and two long passages within it.
What coup attempt can you possibly be refering to, especially in 1948
We must prioritize Europeans: only when there are no longer European refugees we can start thinking of other regions.
He is the PM now
I don't know why somebody decided to switch Y and Z - Y is much more common in Czech, so it is better to have in the middle of keyboard
it means shame as in "*such a shame*"
The report took more than 4 minutes
it's gotta be Germans and Austrians.
All that "make example out of UK" talk is about our commitment to treat UK fairly like any other country negotiating with EU and with no special concessions without getting an equal value in exchange.
This makes me so irrationally angry
This is not freedom, this is copyright tyranny
In czech we also to our country as 'the republic' most of the time
I just wanted to point out that Soviet Union did not bring our nations closer to each other, but exactly opposite
Why would you want kebab without onion, though
Daddy Deutschland wants you to wörk!
Snih
Yeah, Czechs are batty about their KFC
People will generally treat you 1000x better if you try to speak the local language and they will try to be pretty helpful
I have no interest in traveling to Spain or Russia and in their popculture and the languages are virtually useless in business here (definitely in IT)
v - in
Looks like level of some action RPG where you go in to defeat some sort of a dragon boss
I'm not gonna judge you either way, I just wanna know since I honestly love it here
Was the split of Czechoslovakia:
It has been identified as the seat of the Kingdom of Ailech and one of the royal sites of Gaelic Ireland.
International law and principles were and still are applied selectively quite often
Der frenc, áj grýd jú on behalf of d soušl demokratyk of d ček rypablik, áftr sevn jírs in d opozišn, vy hev von d elekšn lást jír. Vyár trrning aur kántry tuvorc juropjien integrejšn. Vynýd e juropijen junión vič vil help as modernájs aur ekonomy en krejt džops
So he became a Nazi
"To be Scottish" means to be cheap and greedy, "Drinks like Dane" means to drink a lot, "It's all Spanish village to me" means I know nothing about this and others
Slovakia: 150 cases
First thing needed to mention is that the Party had a massive membership base, something above 10% of the population were members
And among communist-minded seniors and boomers, it is Václav Havel, because he was a symbol of the Velvet Revolution in 1989
And some others:
For me and my wife it's like 9-11, it symbolizes an end of an era and I'm sure it will be used in history books as such
We don't have "ethics" as a school subject either, only "citizen's education" in middle school (which includes a bit of everything from actual civics and an intro to world religions to health and sex ed to "don't be racist or bully people") and either more "citizen's education" or "social sciences" in high school
> Babis admires Orban, he said so himself
It was mostly seen as a just retribution for all the Nazi atrocities and German separatism that was tied to Nazism until the 1990s and is still a popular rallying issue for nationalist and communist parties today
I've only been to Devon when it comes to the British Isles and I have no problem understanding Scouse
You can have it in 15- age (when traveling within the Schengen area) and you must have it in 15+ age
I've heard their falcons are to die for
That kind of sucks, but it's nothing I won't see in my lifetime
It's one of my favorite foods
Huh, I wonder, could it be you have a different opinion because the different disposable incomes in our countries and higher government corruption rates in the ex Eastern block?
Oh it's perfect
So about 200 years old
George on Říp), which are well preserved, but castles and fortresses were mostly rebuilt, but you can still recognise some parts
During the entire Commie period, this topic was essentially taboo and the older generations react pretty angrily, if you want to educate them on this topic
And with the other Slavs you can subjugate large swathes of land
If you'd go for the literal translation, it wouldn't be Bohemian Těšín, it would be Czech Těšín.
That looks really good :D
Germany: not again ... (But sure)
So the term collaborator is mostly meant like a collaborator with the communists rather than nazis
Eastern Europe shielded West from a very long list of nasty invading cultures.
There's a minimum and maximum number of mandatory classes prescribed for each grade, the maximum for HS was 35 (x 45 min)
We even had the "Heretic King" in form of George of Poděbrady, who was Hussite himself.
For all you who wonder how UK + Jamaican accent sounds like
They all kinda taste just like ethanol to me
He will manipulate Trump easily.
**Tábor:** Hussites
I was visiting Germany last week and it depended on a place.
I wouldn’t change anything on the Czech one
Drugs
I am waiting until there are all countries on the list
That war was tiny compared to the total populations of India and Pakistan.
Že se to nepovedlo je celkem zázrak, a pro nás super věc, protože Česko a Morava se měly rozdělit mezi vítěze
If the West is not careful, we'll be divided by nationalist lines which is exactly what Putin wants.
Interestingly, despite Czechia being landlocked, Czech language has different words for the true seals, *Phocoidea* (tuleň), and the eared seals, *Otariidae* (lachtan)
Western Ukraine makes some amount of sense
The reasons appear to include ‘bad influence on other prisoners’, with this based on him encouraging them to read.
Definitely Slovak and if I don't count Slovak then it is Russian
But I don't really care
Full of austrian ogres
A Japanese sushi salesman, who got into Czech politics to make more money and after analysing his niche, adopted anti-immigrant (of all the people) rhetoric, winning 10% of the vote in the general elections
They let such decisions on us when we have grown up.
&#x200B;
Visualizing it like if every person I meet on the street would be subscribed here is a strange feeling.
I did my exchange in Germany, but never had any local friends
*please*
I completely agreee with that and Im angry, that some people ruin these ideals
What is this map about
I didn’t know until now
Yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking.
I didn't notice Texas to leave for example.
That depends heavily on the kind of job you do
That's cool
so basically 9 birds in view all the time, faster, better at northern position.
Australia made out with a hot dog, Latvia is a fat virgin, Estonia is a fat whore and Lithuania is too gay to function
Just "boo, EU scary, butr Russia will save you" crap
Cáchy = Aachen
„Hlídejte si vaše osobní věci“
(Unless those who went to vocational school obtain the same qualification later through switching schools, online school etc
I'm guessing the company draw some connection between the product and the [Dijon mustard] so you know, France and French stuff.
Pfft, that's nothing, try Paříž. Also Benátky
there is too many refugees/migrants, there is no way to deport them, to identify them using some biometric magic as is described many times in this thread (this is only my guess but I see it as important to mention), to assess their riskiness, you cannot send them all back to Greece or Turkey as they are not safe countries per the definition (or they would cease to be if you sent too many people back), the percentage of real refugees and therefore the absolute number is higher (you said less then 1/2).
Mít formu nezávislosti jako Maďarsko, ale být součást císařství. Nezní to špatně.
That is why unemployed people usually vote left.
I'm not a big fan of it anyway.
Rozjedou druhej krizovej štáb.
I read an interesting article on this a couple of days ago
Moscow is Sagrada Famiglia and Turkey is Manhattan
Some supporters of our prime minister say that he isn't corrupt, rather that the whole political opposition, police, courts and also European parliament and commission are corrupted just to take him down
Let's face it, the V4 not taking a couple of thousands of refugees is not gonna kill the EU.
Germany's National Gun Registry, introduced at the end of 2012, counted 5
Android would have had a pretty hard time starting as in 2009, it was still pretty shitty (even though in many ways ahead of iOS)
Czech Republic sounds better to me
Květoslav (essentially Florian) a Chrudoš (the one who weakens)
Nothing odd about it
First r/me_irl, now Spain
Hadn't those hipsters from Prague invent a new language to impress ladies, we would have been part of Germany a long time ago.
I’d suggest česnečka to start with, then svíčková if you like creamy sauces, or, my favourite, roast duck and fruit knedlíky for dessert
Kaufland is German
5 hours to get there with public transport and it has quite good train and bus connections and it is still quite far from the borders
We invented contact lenses, sugar cubes and semtex
At least I got the feeling
Also, Germany and Czechia have much larger area there.
Or even sooner, there are some programs for only 2 years but that's mostly for people who really can't manage more education
A couple hundred nuclear warheads can destroy the world many times over.
Here (Prague) it's completely normal to speak in colloquial Czech while in public, even our teachers often use obecná čeština while teaching (except Czech teachers in primary/middle schools who are "trying" to use the Standard language while teaching but stop the moment the class ends)
Same
To be honest, I have no problem pronoucning Zbigniew or Zdislaw, but Arkadisz is harder
(We've also had debates about [some of those] I think municipalities should decide what to do based on consulting the citizens, but also independent historians and art scholars
One time they found something like small neo-nazi group at one of the local school
TIL, thanks
We do that too
The state decided what movies will be allowed in cinemas or tv, what music will be released etc
That's lovely :) Just don't tell any Czechs you like trdelnik, they will try to smite you :D
We like to correct people who says otherwise
But if you both enjoyed it, yes, it was totally date
There were some slightly questionable parts with respect to inflation or property confiscated before communists took over, but eh, whatever.
I also once saw a film where some blonde was pissing all over the trail I used to go each new year as a kid on a mountain that was a symbol of my city
It was one of the top topics yesterday
*a disaster of global proportions...*
Nowadays NATO is built around specific member states doing parts of work
Germans have really good Minecraft servers
6 of them for masculine nouns (4 animate, 2 inanimate), 4 for feminine and 4 for neuter
Quite a shame
Dutch people suck and their culture is more bland and boring than construction foam
yeah Ayia Napa was kinda a shock, still very nice but it felt like I was in Ibiza
also the cougar that escaped around june and is wandering around somewhere in Vysočina right now
The French really are idiots then, with all their nuclear power stations?
Because the relations between European countries have not changed at all since these days /s
Western Digital made some decent caviar once
Independence "from" Slovakia is not celebrated at all
Belgian beer is praised in Belgium but I've never heard of it in Czechia
why are you booing me I'm right
Climate change denialism is widespread
Slovakia
I also liked [this  video of him] where he talks also about Austrians (and death)
I don´t think an uniform EU aproach will be beneficial.
I don't think there is a general word meaning "everything but Prague". There is a derogatory term "vidlákov" - loosely translated as "shithole"  and it's derived from vidlák - which could be translated as redneck
Salmon
If that was the case, Yanukovych would have never been elected.
Nope, but we all know that they influenced it.
There have been a couple cases lately, a gunshop owner killing a guy with a .44 mag when he knifed one of her workers in the neck (he was lucky and survived) comes to mind
Nothing bad happned to them aside from some bullying from arabs in school, its more about that they feel that goverment doest give a shit about them and downplaying all the problems.
Hussites stopped the siege shortly after :D
They invest only [1% on R&D] You need between 2-3% to be truly competitive.
True
It stayed during WW2 (the events of 1938 and after had been declared unconstitutional and the legitimate government continued in exile) and was replaced in 1948 by the communist May Constitution, that codified the hold over the country by the Communist party
That's the whole point, that's why this corruption is so brilliant.
But the best thing about it is that it [lights up differently every time] for example when it's closed it lights up in orange, when there is a concert it lights up in yellow, on the New Years eve it lights up in the colors of Czech tricolour, etc
Is there provision for freely choosing the country to seek the asylum at?
Same :)
Huge ants vs Crystal skull
Type to yt: pejskové se koušou
Czechs have almost no Christian holidays (discounting Christmas, we would have none), so we can have more "national" ones
He also has a brother who is in the Christian democratic party and who is quite the opposite of him
Do we convey the same emotions/feelings ?
We learn mostly about Czechoslovak legions (Czech and Slovak units within French, Italian, and Russian armies), especially the Czechoslovak legions in Russia and how they fighted Bolsheviks and controlled Siberia, and pretend virtually no Czechs served in k.k.
How do you describe it as precisely as you can in one sentence?
Not that much really, i definitely view it closer than any other region, but not particularly close
You are being wholly disingenuous by attempting to portray the KSČ as a sympathetic force, with the backing of a great many enthusiastic Czechs, only responding to attacks by hostile political opponents
Noone Does that here
The StB was kind of like Gestapo, but during the socialist era
-ough words are a mess
OK, door guys are doing poor job here or can be bribed easily.
We call raccoon Mýval - washer
I don't think it exists anymore (or at least not under the original name)
Back in school, we were reading some samples from old texts
Looks like level of some action RPG where you go in to defeat some sort of a dragon boss
I thought people will become more intelligent or aware of lots of things with all existing information in their hand, just few clicks away
I think I only tried versions with sugar and Chocolate
In Brno the legend says it lived by Svratka river and was killed by butcher aprentice
But my mom is from Ostrava, which is divided into Moravia and Silesia and my dad is from south Czechia, so my language is somewhat mixed, for example I speak normally Czech but in sentence “we are” “my jsme” I could pronounce jsme as jzme, but that’s just a small difference
they received 37 046 votes, that is 1,56 %.
My grandpa was born in 1949 and died the same year I was born.
Then yes
Wasn't Vyšehrad a seat of Czech rulers for some time
That's hilarious, honestly made me laugh when I watched it now, tho I feel obligated to say that "Fukaj" is not proper czech word but rather dialect of how people from Moravia (eastern part of CZ) talk.
I think Brno
Train tickets, Brno-Prague (~200km) starts at 4€ for adults (low cost, most seats will be for 6-10€), plus there is 75% discount for students and pensioners
No, fuck no, I live there, no more people
* **Southern Moravia:** Land of jolly wine drinkers
let me put it this way, it's not uncommon.
>"KGB units were present during 1946-48"\citation needed])
and funny
For example, have you ever been to Hessen
Yummy
And there is also some metaphor there I believe
I've been proposing this for some time now: Spray deciduous forests with copper salts, so that the leaves accumulate and draw carbon from the atmosphere
I am gonna go ahead and admit that I am driving faster than a speed limit on a highway (obviously when the road is clear, safe and the traffic is mild), but not because I have places to be, but because I enjoy driving a little faster
Just go see the Prague Castle, then buy alcohol in a local shop and go get wasted to the Petřín hill, like everyone else does lol
I suspect that this stereotype, as the majority of the other ones, used to be correct at some point of time
Most people are not very fond of it, so far.
Children are technically slaves
never been asked for shoes off except USA
Health insurance is mandatory here, but I don't know if that counts as the way it works is very specific.
you got it
Do you hear people complaining about us?
In English I prefer saying Czech Republic, but I say Česko (Czechia) when speaking Czech
- figuring out, how to get through a city, while there's a roadwork
Is there a more boring country than Austria
* Mrdám/píchám/jebu na to (Fuck this) but also "to mě nemrdá" (I'm not fucked by this)
Their appeal is to less educated and older voters
I got drunk by drinking beer while wearing socks in sandals
Slovak - The language is mostly the same as ours except for the ř. Almost everyone here can speak Slovak, not because they learned to, they just can
u/GumiB
Hovězí (beef),
Central Europe
As a freelancer I also probably work more than what is the average, but I love that whenever I feel like it, I can just do all my work for the rest of the week on Wednesday and then slack all I want
Poland and Hungary are also in the first half.
Ok, bye
And when some countries (Hungary for example) started doing their own thing, like protecting their borders, they were painted as the villains.
I dont understand
In reality, this is going to save money for established media corporations, because they won't have to track as much IP infringements, but won't matter for the little guys
Pretty much, thanks for asking
I drink a cup each morning
I swear when I was in Ireland, we had potatoes almost every single day.
In 1981 when we joined we had the same GDP per capita as Western Germany, and were overall on the "economic miracle" bandwagon.
When kids are in the year before high school graduation - so the last year at the school for them
The more popular ones are routinely shortened, and the shortened form have very different feel
There isn't real difference if life cycle is determined by IOS releases or Android releases
The porn industry is exploiting vulnerable people who need money - and the people upset at the industry are the problem
However that is some years ago and lots changed, now it’s usually a combined crate of different premium beers to try or Christmas edition of our favourite beers
He had realistic chance to implement some sort of lasting "goulash socialism", and failed in that
But it's only one land in Czechia
I present you Hranická propast
It's nice to see somebody who feels the same.
There were no drugs because of the tight border controls.
agree, she looks like she could blend in today
I'd say it's still quite present, especially with our older generations
and went to the school that was built together with the church
Greece is a failed state when it comes to finance, just as it has been for the past 200 years.
he would fare worse if this happened in the US today
Most people would get lost around finding Maryland, differentiating Missouri and Kansas and stuff like that, but overall knowing of their existence and location of the bigger ones is pretty normal
You can dispute almost everything as there was always someone before with something very similar
Google Translate není tak super, jak si myslíš.
were actually succsesful and good for their people
Usually [this]
You compare extremely mountainous countries with perfect hydro conditions to us, lel
I also once saw a film where some blonde was pissing all over the trail I used to go each new year as a kid on a mountain that was a symbol of my city
EMA to Sweden, Denmark, Italy, Belgium or France.
Please don't gang up
thanks for writing this
Vietnam is cozying up with China because of the fall of TPP.
Lithuania: Litva
I personally like Brighton and Hastings
:-)
Foolish choice
Damn trains
Are these different local names for the same, round shaped bread rolls?
THere is horrid Yugoslavia wars revisionism ("why did the USA not help us kill the MOOSLIMS
And Glock is not doing just B2B business
Zeman has named a person without security clearance
Merkel should care more about German problems.
Sarajevo is also one of my most favourite cities I’ve visited
Not to redder to us as Northern Europe
The would be translated as thirteen hundred twenty six
It also stops every minute or two, in rare cases in three
I don't even know what an "official language" means.
I mean they even renamed the IS-10 tank to T-10 after he died
Well, Habsburgs were ruling over our kingdom, which happened to be teritorrialy merged with the archduchy of Austria.
How much would change
With Serbia I have not much to say
Eu favela)))
Daniel - Dan
It's actually Hungarian or Romanian and kind of a tourist trap, because they're popping up everywhere tourists are, claiming to be genuine Czech baked goods
I wonder, if there's anything you can do to blend in and reduce the risk of getting mugged
Either regular cheese and ham sanwich or bacon, fried egg and mayo
We then watch cartoons (Usually this horribly dubbed Czechoslovak film)
Half of my class in good grammar school was only B1
Clearly the British public cares about this and it's probably not an insignificant part of the public.
Why do you Poles always think we are envy of your sea
Think about it, if literally everyone from everywhere around the world is saying how confusing and bad the situation in Amsterdam is in regards to the clashing of cyclists and pedestrians, it just MIGHT BE a fault of the cyclists and poor planning than just everyone's elses
Previous winter I didn't have to shovel at all - all snow was rained off immediately
Basically, being a hindrance and annoy him.
So I ended up with a bag packed full of garbage that weighed half my weight
Holy shite
11 and 13 were the plan all along
The cost of material shold be the same, but people in west EU get paid many times more than in east.
Well, there's like 150 other words in English where "ch" is pronounced as "K", so I guess people just have to add one more to their vocabulary
A) that will dull them real bloody fast and B) we use one of those roller things because we are not animals
The Witcher 1 does
The major dependancy on the USA in regards to defence was unsustainable in the long run.
income inequality: [US above all EU countries]
Also Czechia would still include all of Silesia.
Explain Zeman's victory in 2013 then.
I'm not an expert on these things, but I think it's more about the principle than about technicalities.
In addition we have a lot of civilian conceal carry firearms all over the place
cold 0 and less
Well yes, kinda
And majority of people which doesnt dig history or ww2 doesn't even know the date.
And pray to God it's Taliban and not ISIS.
u - next to, by
I think I feel much bigger connection to, for example, Austria and Germany, than to Serbia
Maybe "a dost"? I guess we could use that too
We can see that during Covid much clearer than any other time, local production is key and countries that can manufacture medical equipment on their own are much better off, if this lasts longer even stuff like growing wheat for your country gets much more beneficial
The exact reason why Austria had Soviet troop stationed there was because it was an occupied country, responsible for the 2nd World War
Be it alternative medicine, or belief in magic power of stars.
The elections in post war Czechoslovakia were fair.
Perhaps OP doesn't remember it, but 10 years ago Lidl was utter shit, and their slogan was, literally, "Lidl is cheap". A few years ago they rebranded to "Lidl is the right choice" and "The best from Czechia and Europe" and rebuilt shops, quite often starting from scratch (bulldozing the existing one)
All the time
Obviously nowadays most Czechs are gonna be civil and perfectly fine with dealing with Germans in business, tourism or everyday life, but I'd say that some of the negative sentiments are still lurking under the surface, especially in Sudetenland
Do you mean if our TV participated in Eurovision Film Week and similar things
That means we have won 100% of naval battles in Czechoslovak history
Question: How does it work
Unless you are from house of Kinsky or similar noble family (and then it is usually more than 2)
This US action is likely to worsen the Iraqi government's relationship with the USA
Anyone not being able to go to a doctor due to not being able to afford?
Yea the overwhelming use of gas shocked me when I lived there for 4 years
Czech branch of HBO made an excellent drama called [the Burnish Bush] It's a mini-series (just 3 episodes) that mixes political drama with personal tragedies.
Svenska
Lethal trap
It's just that morons vote for him cause he gives out free donuts in metro or whatever reason they deemed relevant
Most of the business will come with India and China.
Well, let’s see:
Those are rookie numbers, you gotta pump those numbers up
(I actually does happen sometimes
Having a child is "convenient" if and only if:
I can fly that rig and with flight crew license I don't have to use a public queue.
* Charles I = Karel I.
If we are not careful, France and Germany will be next because their political societies are deeply divided.
Kölsch, sounds like Braník.
Which part of Novigrad is this
Good, he will be rememberd as the looser that lost the UK, and this makes me happy
I can't speak for whole Europe here, but American words are similliar to ours more often.
I slightly [altered] OP's graph.
Czechia is short, has actually been used for centuries, and is politically neutral
slušní Češi - "polite" czechs
If anything, having banks forces them to act softer as they know that pushing too far can get you sanctioned.
I miss Danish hot dogs
Thus that imperative sentence would be more general, but I'm not sure, it's late
First you get a note from you doctor stating you are fit to drive and whether you need glasses.
Dunno if that's controversial for anyone, proud heritage
Expansion depends heavily on the type of gun
If it's a person, for me it's definitely Karel Čurda
And apparently being unfamiliar with this issue is offensive
Really strongly identifying as "an Atheist", you know, like the kind of people who have to rant about how stupid religion is at every opportunity, that's cringy, but also not uncommon
(Liverpool)
If they followed the guidlines it would be fine.
What do you count as change/edit
I can live without late summer sunsets
Adding to that, there is no real grammatical rule for when either of "y" or "i" is written beside of "well, that's just how it is". So you essentially have to just memorize a long list of words when the "y" is written
And then this guy comes
GSM 733 xxx xxx
Look up "Czech desserts" and one of the first things to come up will probably be [this]
Yes, but their words are backed with NUCLEAR WEAPONS
In the west, we are mostly accepting of homosexuality and bisexuality, but transgenderism still remains something weird for us.
Great start
- "Where are you going on vacation this summer
Austria - Rakousko,
Two [tu] And ten Are indexing pronoun in czech
Which is easier if they go early
Budweis ("České Budějovice" in Czech)
But as head of goverment
same here, we call it jed
Anything over 12h with no sleeper is a plane
I'm personally more scared of drunk ukrainian/russian thugs than of some women with headscarf.
It's only as boring as you make it yourself
That's pretty far from my optimal sleeping temperature
more like vs all non-native English speakers
Absolutely nothing
Czechoslovakia is not a thing anymore.
" and "Get aaut of hieah
Yes
What is the place, where you'd think: "People do their Erasmus *here*?!" Maybe a university in a tiny unknown town, maybe a far off place, maybe a place take captures your interest in some other way
And the cycle repeats
but our cuisines are very similar and we took a lot of the dishes
We also have military police, but it has entirely different meaning
I look forward to it
First make up your own mind
(Three of them from my country
Nemám pocit že někoho zapomínám?
A lot awful stuff
I was staying right in the city center and the first thing I saw from my window in the morning after I arrived was that the tall apartment building two streets down has panel damaged from shrapnel in the last floor
For example: Muži stáli
We've been working earnestly since 17 of April for this spot :) [Here]
His, maybe russian, maybe trumps, maybe god knows who's, but I would take everything carefully.
Prepare for overcrowded centrum full of under construction streets
> electoral college
I'm overexaggerating a bit but ask anyone, the aversion to it is generally strong all around the place.
>moonshine
Slovak, English, German, Russian, Spanish, French, Irish, Finnish, BSL
If you mean in comparison to the fate of Poles and other nations in the east, than less harshly, but this was not lottery like who is gonna die on who's gonna stay.
Minimal pairs such as „lež“ – „łež“ and „spal“ – „spał“ are found there (which are obviously both homographs and homophones in the standard language)
I personally don´t think it is about overqualification in countries like Portugal or Spain.
When we received support from China during the coronavirus epidemic, he was waiting for it at the airport, and I'm surprised he didn't kiss those fucking boxes
"*Czechia*" is a term that the Czech ministry of foreign affairs came up with and suggested it to the United Nations, which approved it's official usage as abbreviation of "*The Czech Republic*".
Except the beginning when no tests are being written,
Not if he's using a machete to stab people.
All my previous experience with international train travel was just uncomfortable waste of time and money
This maintained somehow by military.
I like that type of euroskeptic.
Regular master in Czech Republic requires either bachelor degree in the same field, then you're usually admitted without any exams.
Wait for real
You definitely should
Recently they were in news in here because they are trying to get some of their confiscated things back
If anything, that makes the people who join less of a "hero", they voluntarily chose a dangerous occupation for the money
We could maybe arrenge a meeting
That's exactly what they did
we have some words that are just phonetic version of their German counterpart, most probably due to our location and history.
Greece is in need of some religious reform
>People really like to get upset for anything
-"Shut up, Yoda, and eat your toast
Is it throughout the whole city or just certain parts
It wasn't for a long time but nowadays it's official
Same in Czechia -- they not only put the ribbons, but also blocked goods in the cash desk systems, so one can't buy them even at the automatic checkout machine
*Laughs in Holy League*
František - Fanda, Fanouš
this makes me sympathize a tiny bit less
I would call them hmmm - technocratic marketing populists
Would like to live there
Again, it's mostly only the old people who are nostalgic of communism and it's very rare to run into someone who'll you get into a heated argument over it with
Was supposed to go on top, too
But I think you already guessed that by reading the answers in this thread.
let us take a lesson from it
Can't wait for Battle of Britain 2 movie
Those pensioners will never really understand democracy and what does it mean to participate in it.
Also it's hot as hell, especially when there are no trees in my street
yes, don't know why I wrote Atlas :) thanks
Because every single one of these places is trying to be everything, but affordable (unlike many actual ramen places in Japan)
He never brought that up again
We've been #1 for a while now ;D
Southern Europe is notorious for prescribing antibiotics for anything.
But there are no more significant roles in Czech because it's really hard to learn for foreigners
Already in Slovakia in 1946 a near supermajority (over 60%) of voters voted for the Democratic party
Wouldn't be nice to have sea in middle of Europe
A terrorist would certainly have no way to access a gun unless he stole one, which would be hard to do with guns needing to be locked in a safe unless they're on your person
How long will it take for you to realize you are just a german colony ?
Seeing what happened to the artifacts there, it's pretty fair to say they are much better off in the UK and I don't see that changing any time soon
I hope we get towards 1,75-1,8 soon
Serbia: Just passed through Beograd when travelling from Bulgaria and woke up for a while
At least Australians stereotypes is danger noodles + everything is trying to kill you & calling everyone cunt
2-3 minutes by car, depending on traffic, weather and direction
We spend a lot of time in school learning history.
Mít formu nezávislosti jako Maďarsko, ale být součást císařství. Nezní to špatně.
there are only two groups: either you like pussy or are pussy
Funny, here when something "jde do kelu", it means it's going into shit
Cool, thx for letting us know
Read [this excellent article] to get an idea about the issue.
Just do it in the toilet/bath like normal people
Time-travelling Trumps theory seems to be more plausible every day.
What
And your minister of health attacking Czechs for their use of nuclear power
During the refugee crisis, it refused to help at all with taking some of the weight off the border countries like Greece and Italy
Jail
This means that if you live close to the German or Austrian border you have access to better and cheaper products than the rest of the country.
" Slavs know words, germans are mutes
Imagine if the CDU, FDP, and the British Tories had a baby that was twice as stupid and ten times as corrupt as any of those parties
Some try, I was pleasantly surprised.
If you count only post 1918 history this might be true but our country history didn't start in 1918
Like hey, we might start to value our history and culture when we lose our country
Honest Guide is the best channel for tourists about Czech Republic
This flag was used as a flag of the whole Kingdom of Bohemia.
Tons of people here live on a super early timezone, starting work around 7am and trying to get home as early as possible
wow this is much better
The fact of the matter is that Erdogan doesn't give two shits about what the EU thinks.
Names too long are unwieldy so are shortened
We used to have an old Wessex helicopter on the training base back in the UK when I was in the army which always fascinated me
Honestly, what would they achieve arguing with progressives on EU controlled sub?
Yes but in us it is a regular job.
It would be interesting to know how many people in Czechia and Slovakia have mixed ancestry (parents or grandparents from both countries)
Portugal - the wildcard of European maps
Orban is a thug and criminal who belongs behind bars
For example when I'm introducing the country to somebody, I firstly say I'm from the Czech Republic and as I further talk about the country in conversation, I use the shorted version - Czechia
Right on brother
even better yet Czechia
Although I think personal assistants have higher wages.
This winter was not that bad though :)
I am guessing that the prices of land are quite higher in Germany compared to Mid and Eastern Europe.
These are divided into other dialects (depending on area)
Czecho-Slovakia just before the separation)
Well, if you want řezané, you say you want a řezané, if you want plzeň, ask for plzeň. But it used to be that if you just asked for a beer, they knew you wanted a 10° beer (desítka)
Also 16 year olds owning cars and driving around weirds me out
We drink just about anything here.
What do you want to bomb us with
From what I heard, those are more common in Prague than here, but I've been to a handful
Overall very well armed
About 20km from the city centre a family house on the smaller side
Only one thing bothers me - capital letters
Russian, because it's kind of an international language in its own sense
It's natural for us and the present-day obsession with copyrighting and patenting every fart needs to stop
but when we talking 60 Euros
I think so, desert countries is where US were delivering some of that freedom for the last decade.
Wouldn't really bet on 8, 10 is probably impossible
But hey, you're free to join us I guess
/r/The_LakeBled
Examples:
Isn't it more of a generation thing
Are you serious, you don't see the difference between the US and Russia?
They make some pretty nice stuff though
Everything is made worse quality because employment's guaranteed, so why should you even try
As for me, I don't have a whitelist of specific religions and more like a blacklist for some and a greylist for the rest.
It's kinda crazy to see all those people, now dead, living out their lives over a 100 years ago
Scouting organizations used to be divided by political and religious lines in 1920s and 1930s, but currently they differ more by kind of activities
That's maybe important event in Slovakia, but not here.
The US didn't gain any territory but it did profit financially
V historii se docela význam, jen jsem myslel že mluvíš o jiném Karlovi, a to o posledním českým královi Karlovi VI
In Czech leanguage it sounds very simliar
It does make sense though to be called central, both in geographical and cultural sense
Apart from the weekend Im stuck in some office anyway apart from an hour at lunchtime, it's dark or part dark going in and dark when I get out for months anyway
Just the *fuel* costs for natural gas even in the CCGT plant are comparable to *full* costs of a renewable generator these days
Our churches are amazing yet we are most atheist country in Yurop *shrug*
The Czech wikipedia is actually really good (not as big as the Swedish one, but still pretty big)
Besides, I don't believe a federation that consists of bickering nationalists is going to do very well
I was almost expecting the mission to fizzle away due to the lack of any info regarding the progress.
Not as many badly executed projects as not executed at all for years/decades because of political squabbles
Same for Yalta Conference
Pretty much every economist on the planet agrees that this is some of the worst economic policy-making you can have
that's kind of 20th century stereotype that spread across Europe as the Western movie genre got popular here.
Less than 20% of Russia's male population ends up joining the army thanks to a huge number of loopholes.
>afternoon visit which they will drink slivovica during
Also none yells at me, none cars if i go early or come late, no e cares how i actually fill the attendance (none checks), if you need to leave mid day, you just tell the manager you are going to get a haitlrcut or whatever
Which means we're extremely vulnerable to outside influences.
Also tatranky would be called mořenky in this scenario
Good
There was a similar campaign in Germany in 1941
All thanks to our star player, Andrej Coviš. Sorry jako
At our 2 year olds birthday party it was both kids and parents since all of the parents know each other and we've been friends before we had kids
Religion is simply something we are aware of but don't think about on a daily basis.
- trillion = bilión
It's pretty possible that he already lied about his age to the Greek authorities.
Polish is the most understandable out of those, then slovenian then croatia and then bulgarian
Oh god oh fuck
Czech Republic > Czechia, it just IS better
And Czech beer
Same like Fatherland or Vaterland
cz: "Some of us got more that 60
Example:
Think ahead, fill those gaps and they have no reasoning or excuse to absorb.
According to the latest official charts:
Also, she's lived in Devon for 30 years, do you really think her friends and neighbours etc there think of her as "the foreigner"?
It is also written as one word, same as German and with bigger numbers like: “dvaadvacet,” you also write the word for “and” -> “a” in Czech
I saw those potholed motorways and crumbling buildings with my own eyes during my trips in 2018 and 2019
Swisses are always operating on a different level.
I guess it's because *dušení* (choking) is a lot more commonly used word here than soul...
Like, I understand your phrases, but their meaning is not at all what I'd expect
I love the fact topography is available for the whole world in [mapy
Does your skin [disrupt] your personal space too?
Honest Guide
When I lived in the Netherlands, the largest problem were stray rats
* Austrians wants to controll us so yadda yadda
Did they let him talk like this in czech without subtitles?
You mean saved them from the Nazis?
You say it here but in reality they would spin this as "loss of sovereignty" (which it would be, truth be spoken) and this would never fly by the average voter...
I was quite sad when I looked at the statistics 3000 people could live now if government took this crisis seriously
Greek or Spanish seashore would be nice.
Oh, thanks for the info
Getting citizenship is going to be ridiculous now, I haven't lived here long enough to apply for it and by the time I have, the UK will have left the EU, considering that my passport is Czech that's not going to help matters the way that political rhetoric is going.
As moderators, we see this and recognise it as an issue
There was no real change, you just dont wait at borders 30min-1h.
I knew next to nothing about Bosnia before I visited it and now it's one of my favorite countries in Europe
Fish and noodles
But for sitting down for longer time  - 23C at least
The only things we talk about here are things that have something to do with covid
The once "steel heart of the republic" is now trying to shake off its "sooty" image
Then we put them on the balcony to save space in the fridge
That might be a bit of a nasty surprise for them when they have to deal with Babiš on the European level.
-> nonsense (certainly for A LOT of people, but it divides people so much that it certainly is not the most hated persob in US)
I enjoy it
Actually I have some realtives in France who are talking about moving to Israel for years.
Eating after 2000 is a big no no on one of them
Hele to se dá lehce zjistit
I have a legitimate question: How do they keep it so clean white all the time
ok seriously, how do you use the PSO?
Yes
In front of the pikola, behind of the pikola none cannot stay or i wont play
Politici BILI demonstranty
But I'm curios why this is important or even interesting to someone
None used or within public consciousness
Also it's hot as hell, especially when there are no trees in my street
I think we should be far more aggressive against China
The only fruit you'd ever even see (besides native species) were oranges and bananas, maybe once a year on Christmas
Czechs universities are mostly free, but living in university city Is kinda expensive
In case of emergency, the alt-right safespace also doubles as a hidey-hole.
It actually had promising candidates, but did not give them enough support at the right time
50 years later, in 1989, there was the Velvet Revolution — a peaceful attempt to overthrow the totalitarian regime we had here since 1948
better, and I didn't do obvious Istanbul + sea holiday places but more.
to my great surprise, I have met a number of people abroad who are learning Czech and I have a big deal of respect for them.
What's hidden behind "lobby" is often buying your people and forcing certain agendas against the good of the public.
He was the kind of person who'd always ask questions during tours and play the smartass
Definitely [Jan Josef Václav Antonín František Karel hrabě Radecký z Radče] and also [Karel I.
And let's not forget, Youtube is not even profitable
You can basically travel anywhere across the country for 1€.
Thu number of Slovaks and Ukrainians in Czechia is very close, both are at cca 100k.
How on the earth 3 people can eat for that amount
It is usually bacon, pickled cucumber, mustard, boiled egg wrapped in beef and then cooked.
And I hope we never will
And it's not something any government so far wanted to get dirty with because it will be painful and the benefits will come decades later, which is way past the horizon the 4-year-electorate cares about
Ukraine has a wrong shade in the map and the rest has no data or what?
&#x200B;
This isn't normal, right?" Next day in school, we held a moment of silence.
I envy them a lot for that :D
Czech republic is full of atheists so it's kinda normal for us
Apple's home territory would be the US, Nokia would be leader in Europe and Android would dominate in developing countries
Docks, ships and James Bond films
I dont think we will see Kievan Rus again
Edit: Forgot to mention the government wants him to abdicate from the post, but he don't wanna and it seems like they don't have anyone, literally no one who would want his job now
Well, thats what happens when you take pride in anything or ideology too far
Another thing when marrying is that it's not mandatory to change surnames
- Head of state is elected just like in Russia, if in the first round no one gets 50+% two candidates with the most votes ascend to the second round
Could you tell me something about Krakow
idk why but this question is so weird you asked that question like we were foreigners to each other
Chuck would find them if they did.
Large majority of members were teenagers, especially younger ones
I'm from Czech Republic an I prefer Czech because in Czech language we say Česko [tšesko]
asking questions cannot be racist, knowledge cannot be racist.
Same words (just translated), but different melody
haven't found one nearby yet ;D
Alps, sea, forests, Ljubljana, on a way to Croatia
It’s probably because of all the TV shows, which are in comparison to real (slavic) life very emotional
Also, sweet subsidies from Austria and Germany
We couldn't quite decide whether to use "cz" or "č" until the 19th century when "č" finally prevailed
You alll generalising all nationalist in one basket, while being against puting all islamist in one too
Hogwarts is literally switched warthog, there are hogs on the gate, so
Zero
How many millions is Russia down in the last decade and where are they going to get them back?
* jsi: 2nd person singular "to be". Pro-drop all the way down
So Wodehouses's "Psmith" was not as random as it seems
In special cases, a *plenum* with more judges being called
Charles the King, our Lord and Sovereign,
Weirdly enough, both meaning would be translated as "stolice" to czech
I am sharing my genuine experience I've had when visiting Amsterdam, and you saying "ur wrong lol ur just stupid" isn't going to change what I've seen there
The V4 would never agree to give up sovereignty, so the "unification" will be a joke.
Whether the intruder was prepared/equipped to hurt someone, what was his agenda, what actually happened, and so on.
If you're given laptops to work on, it's not a benefit, it's a work tool
Talks about it being unsafe sometime sounds like propaganda from our side
To me, Czech Republic is an official name and should be always used in a formal way
Whenever any Cechia related stuff on reddit posted, some guy in comments writes YOU BETTER CZECH YOURSELF BEFORE YOU WRECK YOURSELF or some lame check/czech switcheroo
> Oscypek
Stará Boleslav: Stará-what
Dont inflate your lifestyle
And in English it's nice that you can talk about someone without assuming their gender, that's not really possible in Czech
Are you guys gagging when you see a loli in an anime or something
Fanta would be definitely considered a lemonade, Sprite probably too but Coca-Cola/Pepsi or our Kofola rather not.
Hard to tell, but the motivation definitely wouldn't be as strong.
Average person who had no opinion about Euro will of course hear some of this rhetoric some way or another
You know, I think it's better
Right here
Maybe 2013 due to compleley unrelated things like the war in Syria.
is Putin going to annex Belarus?
They sometimes ask me for an ID card when I'm in a pub/restaurant I've never been to and order beer
Imo at least a week before it starts to quiet down.
I don't know anyone who has any religion
I don't know, this seems pretty reasonable
This also creates a bit of a problem especially during autumn/winter, our country is basically one big bowl/valley and clouds/fogs tend to be trapped here during the colder months so it can happen I don't see sun for several weeks
Has the trend been reversed or was it mere wishful thinking all over
Both Germany and Russia lost their legs there.
& University of Economics
I literally have no words
In the Greek one, it was Heracles.
But you are right, sometimes we have a syllable with no vowel, but r or l instead
You're more disciplined than I am
No, it XORs out
France and Ireland can into fertility
Polish: Szukat = To look for something
[Front side]
Maybe you could remember that Czechia is called Czechy in Polish (according to Wikipedia at least) so you only change the "y" into "ia".
That was my point .
It's awful
Foreigners should have no right to organize any kind of political demonstrations here in Europe.
I don't even wanna thing about the presidential election.
rasa psa
I have a question on german - what does the mansait (manzeit, I dont know) means
Fish and noodles
There was tv debate before last elections on topic of culture
You can never go wrong with that
No, this could not really happen where I live because they never ever left a package on the street
That country that don't like Russia
yep, could be *halusky* in original.
Was
Georgia is not exactly Russia's buddy
I am the exact opposite
My town, called Trutnov, has been named after a knight, called Trut, who has defeated a dragon, living in a nearby cave
your presidents and presidential candidates of the last years have not been much better though...
Yeah Babis is bad for this country
cz which is in many areas superior to google maps, mapy
yeah whatever you wanna call it.
We will be good in future too, no worries, demographic projections for year 2050 show our population at 10,5 mio
Ok I learn German for almost 8 years now but I like literally hate these long freakin german words
You will end up sweeping the streets in an orange vest
But don't forget to other lands in Czechia
Well of course there weren't many eastern european migrants during the communist era.
It was already too late as only politically impotent talking heads or post-communist local oligarch were in charge (as they promised people more wealth for less work and that they root out corruption and frauds and, as usual, majority of the voters took the sweet bait)
The difference I was learned (and was named and from my experience was heavily used here) in late nineties was that expats were expatriated by their companies
Part of the mentioned Maffia
Seems me mor important to train soldiers for "city jungles" now.
Like ungrammatical, "folk" speech we use in informal situations with some words or prhases  the previous generations used more than us now
It’s the center of a lot of jokes
Seriously
How is 80kmh even physically possible on that without rattling your brains out
I mean, people are absolutely against immigration from muslim countries, but they don't care much about Ukrainians or any other European migrants.
But there is not realy south/north divide in our country
Apparently we have some 40 clubs, compared to like thousands of soccer clubs
But seriously, they're not going to do that
(But we aren't TOO small and don't have too high mountains, but we have similar culture and living standarts)
# B I G
I don't know where you got his one, the Czech word for an anvil is kovadlina
I probably won't be of much help.
Both groups are absolute scum
Glad to hear that
It's a system that has some positives, but it also reproduces social hierarchy either way
I thought I have perfect command of the language
Smog doesn't bother me much, but I guess I'll see myself
Scandinavians don't need it anymore, church is not able to offer them answers and it doesn't meet their needs.
You cannot buy just a single slice
Because of sons of migrants that came in decades ago
Well, I guess that Prince Charles may be well-informed, but still a layman in terms of climatology.
Most certainly not now
It was called Vodovoda, but I haven't able to google it anymore
Can confirm, easiest trigger for Slovaks, tried it many times
I should search some materials to get better hold of it.
The constant negativity from some people is hands down n.1 thing I would change.
Okay man
After midnight to 5 am special night tram and bus lines go at least each 20 - 40 minutes.
So far without any problems, no confirmed case in our hospital
or other state form, technically, there could be a referendum every year until someone gets fed up.
I prefer the name Czechia
Check this website
They were also iconoclastic (destroyed religious icons- statues, paintings, churches
Jako to, že tráva posiluje paranoinu té situaci moc nepomohlo :D
1920s during the First Republic or around 1870 in A-H.
I've never climbed a mountain in flip-flops though
It's great fun but really hard sometimes
However that is some years ago and lots changed, now it’s usually a combined crate of different premium beers to try or Christmas edition of our favourite beers
[Půlitr] stolen from the pub
Probably more civilized if u ask me
Extra healthcare
We don't usually serve them with breadcrumbs, although some people do
To add to what everyone else has said, I don't get voter registration.
And in English it's nice that you can talk about someone without assuming their gender, that's not really possible in Czech
I suppose most people just throw you into one basket and say you are muslim.
as a a Czech I have to admit we do it as well :D
So while in this case it's pretty hard to argue against returning it to Greece, there are much greyer areas
Yes, there are problems in politics, but that happens everywhere and yes, not every public service is perfect
The dragon was skinned and its skin filled with wooden chips
I'd love a Mi-24 Hind in the garden just so, but I dont think the Mrs would let me
the Sudetengermans issue), to here, when we put a small part of our military under German command.
No replacement for Instagram tho
I wanna drift down it
Do you think they are just stupid or is it misinterpretation of permittenttrafik by some tour guide
> EDIT: For reference, this is what the bonfire looked like before it was lit
A 50 kg girl using lethal force against a 120 kg 2 m unarmed attacker would most likely be perfectly legal, the opposite would most likely be illegal
Yes, the sights are great, but the areas surrounding them are an eyesore
Those are just classics
My country is 27 years old and it was founded in 1993
You need fast rifle rounds for that
For example four years ago I took a trip to Katowice (Poland) to see a movie in IMAX theater, because I really wanted to see it in that format and Prague's IMAX theater (the only one in Czech Republic) wasn't playing it anymore
It's .5% today, but what about tomorrow?
In language the sun is neutral (to Slunce) and the moon is male (ten Měsíc) but in culture they symbolize man and woman principles like basically everywhere where pagan religions mixed with christianity
Most known are [Studénka\[2008\]] and [Studénka\[2015\]] \- yep, almost same place
Why did you delete the reply to my question, it was awesome actually!
Better to eliminate the chances of an attack completely by removing the reason why the poachers want to attack in the first place.
They say that wearing a NATO uniform makes everyone super friendly
not me, never liked
I could imagine both
> Power systems, track gauges, signals, platform heights, etc
Wut
Nobody with real political power cared that they just let pro-russian propagandists poison our debates, our society
Send help
I will concede the first two points as I don't have time not interest in looking up sources.
I see you, economical miracle in Poland and Ireland
If they weren't oldtimers about to die soon, hopefully, I'd have shouted back something nasty at them
So like a mashup of pre-Christian traditions (Beltane) and Walpurgisnacht, it must be a pretty old holiday
I would also say our government uncapable of actually doing anything that is prosperable for the people
They accused him of things left and right and gave him little place to talk
Hell no
We eat horse meat, usually in the form of [koňský salám] but it's more rare and occassional product
Also whale - "velryba" - literally "megafish".
* Jiří z Poděbrad
But without finding anything worrying, it seems weird to tell you about that
I can't tell which one is supposed to be which.
I simply have a problem with the fact that our existence would be watered down from an independent country where it's citizens can rule themselves into some backwater province that would get ordered around ybt eh big countries whose citizens believe us to be nothing more than just second grade citizens
How is this supposed to help in ANY way
Maybe NATO is strong enought right now to defend and there's no need to overblow the problem?
We had an optional subject called Basics of Journalism at elementary school (or you would call it probably junior high school in the U.S.) where we learnt how to write a news article, a sport article, an essay etc., and the teacher wanted us to make a school magazine.
I always wonder if Linz has a museum or if you can buy Linzer Mürbeteig in every bakery
People do fly Czech and American ones a lot on the 8th though
Is it the refugee crisis that triggered this?
I mean the wage might be a factor, but in my experience it's mostly the annoying accent and the general feeling of superiority
at least 10 budding European economies are going to flop hard because of this.
I would also choose Modlitba pro Martu for the important role in our modern history
A good beer in Greece is just a Mythos
Thanks
I wasn't comparing the 3rd republic tot he Protectorate, I was comparing your propagandist language used to describe the NSDAP's rise in Germany in 1933
It's actually quite funny to see people struggle with the tongue twister after growing up here
But *technically*, memes are not parodying
The rules for writing capital letters are already mess in czech grammar, and each other language I learn have a different rules for writing them
A bit of everything you can see in this thread, the company I was working for was British with British management, no one really forced US office works in this way, they set up these rules on their own
You don't need to change anything for the sake of change.
Prague always
First elections in Czech republic after world war two
It’s the Visegrad 4, the German states, and the Baltics
They were implemented as a sort of divide-and-conquer tactic of the new hardline communist regime, and national autonomy was practically just on paper, since only communist subservient to the party committee sat in both national parliaments
> Russian village
Theyre mostly Cat
He was from Iceland and Iceland is in Europe
Sestola IT
Ah, Pigeon Travolta
They're only there to tunnel, after all, so they don't have a fucking clue how to actually govern shit)
You all are too panicking on this new directive - and media certainly don’t help in this case
There are people who integrate very fast and became passionate patriots of the receiving country and there are people who won't integrate even in 2nd or 3rd generation.
For me, it’s November 17th which marks the beginning of the Velvet Revolution of 1989 when the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia was peacefully overthrown
No idea, you'd have to ask the experts at *Ústav pro jazyk český*.
Actually, international law grants exactly this right to claim asylum if you are persecuted.
Carbonara is American then, as it was invented by American soldiers
They made a throne for Satan in the cellar, too
Basically along the lines of historical Austria Hungary + parts of eastern Germany
It seriously disincenivises low-skilled workers from taking part in the economy
1326 can be said as "tisíc tři sta dvacet šest" or "třináct set dvacet šest"
muwhehehe
Everyone who can think is Far Right by the American standard
so yes, it is complete different here
Another one is that we have been a part of many, many, many countries over the span of our existence and we like to show off that we are on our own now
They change laws, but that's not all there is
That’s not really correct though
"To be Scottish" means to be cheap and greedy, "Drinks like Dane" means to drink a lot, "It's all Spanish village to me" means I know nothing about this and others
I have 2 answers so here they go
I would love to hear some cool things about Romania, though
Hard to pick one with capitals, depends on perspective
All of them
The show follows a young female lawyer after she decided to represent the student parents who sued a communist MP for lying about the student to the press, dragging his name through the mud.
When the vocabulary is completely different (doesn't happen often), I usually know the meaning through exposure to the language or by context
with logic like this we could deffend pretty much everything
Another one is "Do you have blacks (i.e. black servants) at home
Especially im Europe
I prefer rain AND 27°C heat
In less attractive cities, you could push it down a lot more
Planes use GPS to navigate during a flight.
you got it
> and I should be coming fast because they were getting sold very quickly
Don't be too confident, we're in the race too
> but they were all sold out or to be sent within "a month or two"
I strongly disagree
And that's not even accounting for the time spend getting (~1h30m to the center) there and the price of transportation and/or parking
I believe his father, Jan Lucemburský (Johann von Luxemburg), was of the Luxembourg dynasty
Be prepaired for more populistic shit coming from CZ.
Thanks to Macron and all the other ones who cried "islamophobia" when we (the V4) said migrants are bad
advertising some traditional german food that germans love but czechs cant stand would be a waste of paper and inefficient use of resources
Yep, because if you look closely at protestant countries today.
Imagine if orange hair finds out that Iceland is at 0%.
Kaliningrad without mother Russia would be a better Belarus at best.
I sexually identify as parlamentarian dictatorship and this post chain triggers me.
When a stranger in the lift (or bus or wherever) engages in a conversation with you how do you react?
To be precise, Czech language used to be called Bohemian language until the early 20th century
Tradition i guess
Long spoon
Though I go into drunken ramblings about the unfair history we’ve had with out neighbours, I love y’all, even if you did my country wrong or if you’re passing some concerning laws
I didn't know that, good to know
I know this, because I have CUPS too.
Yeah, I thought the same thing and it was great that Den Bosch was very close I enjoyed this city aswell, great architecture and amazing Nightlife
in Czechia we don't have
You must have never left your house then.
Not sure if this is going to work with some random text
thanks Austria for great skiing resorts
Young generation seems super hardcore conservative to me, while people in their 30-50s are more liberal.
I can live without late summer sunsets
I love Pisa
Current Bohemian occupation is just temporary hindrance.
Sure, but I think those most pro-expulsion, rabidly anti-German ones are simply brainwashed  Commies or people who somehow benefited from odsun, most likely by gaining property
The whole reason why the KSČ chose February 1948 to enact their coup was because they were desperately afraid of losing their coalition majority in the May elections of 1948
Well, our president doesn’t really have a true power
It's also easier to bulletproof old system, that isn't getting plagued by new and new irrelevant updates
The (i) and (you) represents the verb conjugation
Yeah, it was a bit of an exaggeration on my part
If I was a Tesla exec, I would pick the Netherlands.
Láska = love in Czech :) gotta love these false friends between our languages
A (Cat
The thing is, people were always a bunch of really stupid ignorant fucks
Right now, Czech factories need a lot of people for low-paying unskilled jobs.
yep, we can split Europe into Wine/Beer/Vodka/Other booze Land and it will fit perfectly :)
What point are you trying to make and why ? Quite obviously those are not hard set borders of regions with same culture, they are just very generalized regions
Svenska
"Forefather Czech, God grant him eternal glory, was an ass
What's bugging me the most is the fact that the nations aren't at least somewhat ordered from left to right as they are on a map from the west to the east :D
Jan - Honza
to their uploads, in particular where they could benefit from an exception or limitation to
yeah, equal rights is such a regression!
Well english is my favorite, but I love to hear german and slovak (sup brothers)
If you combine it with the fact that European societies in general are getting older and older and thus old people are becoming a bigger and bigger part of the electorate, it doesn't leave very good prospects for the young people.
My colleagues from germany is saying that almost from 9am to 2pm
A smaller brewery will pay a lower rate, and a heavier beer will pay a higher rate.
In Czechia se have QPlay and Survival Games but these are all country blocked for cz and sk only
IDK if this was a thing anywhere else
But he's right about the Czechia, I don't like that.
Should've added a middle finger to the Russian flag too, tbh
German military was biggest in Europe, we might have had good fortification on German borders and decent industry, but we would get our cheeks clapped, war would be over in matter of days once they got through mountains, not to mention they could flank us through Austrian border wich was nowhere near as fortified as north
You put a new line into the law: "participating in a demonstration means you're getting deported".
Oh, I wanted to mention the exceptions and forgot.
Instead of dessert, it can take place in border mountain regions
I would say České Budějovice in English Czech Budweiser
I personally don't disagree with most of the changes (not all).
Instead, you have to learn in layers and when you're learning new layer you have to have solid understanding of bottom layers and how you obtain that?
we are Czechs and it means we can do a partydrinking everyday for no reason just because it is cheap here.
Every year there's a small festival celebrating this story
We all know that Paris is in Ohio.
So yeah, I'm not surprised that British people are not so keen on having thousands and thousands foreigners coming to their country.
No beer - no party
Fun fact: výjimka (exception) itself is an exception, if it would be regular i'd be written as vyjímka
Do what Slovakia did, ban Islam outright and deport them all
I doubt that your points cover the whole topic, but I cannot find any counterarguments translated into English right now and don't have time to translate something myself.
It's usually cooked and served in the same ways as a duck, it's just bigger
Delicious example of  a wovel-impaired word
These people terrify me lmao
Russia plays dirty, it seems personal, as if Putin really hated America.
Each country has its own interests, so understandably he was going to get as much as possible for France.
why the asterisks
I watch them with my grandma
Moldova won't be cured of its corruption problem during her presidency, but she might inspire bright young people to enter politics and do something for their country
So let's just say that he was among the high-ranking Nazis, perhaps not exactly the 3rd, but he was surelly an important figure in the Nazi ruling elites
In that consil in 1848 Czech deputies protested againts Großdeutsche Lösung
Really cool to see this kind of development in this part of Europe, I feel like Czechia is hilariously behind Poland in this aspect
Was awaiting x-files intro to be honest.
It can be easily seen in the case of verbs which we conjugate as if they actually were Czech
Not that our public TV is perfect, but I think it's still more immune to politial pressure from the government than its Polish or Hungarian counterparts.
Haha, you know what
Well it's a developing country of 1.5 billion people.
I've seen enough examples of people making this argument for why they're voting for him to be quite certain it's not just isolated cases but a good number of people
Belgian beer is praised in Belgium but I've never heard of it in Czechia
If you wanted any better job or even a manger position, you had to be member of the communist party.
But our people are really bloody tall
If it's a real concept that works, why is it unknown in the English-speaking world?
They alredy have the Germans for the beer trope
Only once Denmark is mentioned
I throw my shoe at you, Erdogan, you dog
a jet fighter into your funicular, then some ship, then a.n U-boat resurfaced beneath a japanese fishing ship
Well, the worst possible scenario looks like this
Or butter biscuits that I can dip in the milk
Kutná Hora doesn't sound so bad
Germany - Německo
Based policeman
I usually find three negatives difficult as people can fuck with you, as you can't tell if they're all in concord, all negates each other or only two of them are in concord and the remaining one is negating that partial concord
+ Basically all old fairy tales
I am more interested in foreign policy and how they would affect rest of Europe and the world.
We're generally proud of something with a Czech background made by other nationalities, so at least that'd be in your favor
* Seru na to (I shit on this), but also "To mě nesere" (I'm not shat by this)
And if that is the impression your country leaves on someone, i d say the government is doing something very good
* Jan Hus
We have some asbestos at home and at our garden too, I think people don't really care much
Even with the numbers we have
I always thought security would be the easier part, however anonymous AND secure is bloody impossible.
Merkel used exactly the same wording when saying that the cooperation should be open to everyone.
Are you serious
I'd like to see the EU average of these graphs
Since then it's been the seat of Czech rulers
Here's a list of countries by rail usage
I Still Don't Understand The Singer But That's Cool
I’m byelingual
Making either kind of dough from scratch is worth it, I promise
That’s the thing
I’ve gotten into the national level twice
to consider a whole city with people living there as a tourist trap or uninteresting is ignorant
That would still leave close to 9 million EUR to be paid, the amount the FN is now being asked to pay by that Russian bank.
You can choose whichever you like more
If there aren't piles of manure under the windows
When you throw somebody out if window that is 20 meters above the ground I don't think that you expect the person to survive
And as you said, he was noble
So when they did become satellited by Germany, many viewed it as a win, considering catholics got into power, and you know, the first independent state kinda drives people
And she is right, spain defense budget is already underfunded(1.2% vs 2% NATO goal)
[The Colour Out Of Space] IRL
Just like normal cafeterias
It worked during the National Revival
Well not taking part in further EU integration doesn't necessarily mean leaving the EU or the Single market.
I don't think so
Also, Czechoslovakia won a naval battle known as the Battle of Lake Baikal, the only known naval battle by Czechoslovakia
They also do grandma childcare more
Joining in, can we
mah meth
It's funny when you compare that to Czechia, whose core's borders barely changed over the past thousand years
False advertisment type of thing.
The Czechlands were bit richer than Austria and richer than Spain or Italy.
They do pretty good job even though they are public service (payed by television licence fees)
That doesn't make them the same word
Don't know about the house on the right, but the one on the left is about as old as the church (well parts of it).
traffic signs starts to be a bit different and that's it
, ale možná se pletu
We had
how the fuck I am supposed to remember that and other languages as well
So, for example, if you're a kid from Ostrava (no i-y merger, long vowels merge with short vowels) Czech is taught to you the same way as to a kid from Prague (i-y merger, no long vowels merger): you spend countless hours on learning where to write "i" and where "y", and no hours on where to write long vowels and where short vowels
Still, using "žárlivost" in a non-romantic context kind of gives the statement a bit of a subtle romantic undertone, in my opinion, so it can come out wrong in certain situations
and there is usually German police car parket at the place where D8 highway turns into A17 but never seen them doing anything else than stopping trucks from time to time
If there's any country where this guy would want asylum, it's Russia or China.
From his point of view, no one is angry on the Germans
I would definitely fly as I have family now
1st quest, steal yourself some Polonez
Guanciale is either expensive or unavailable in the USA, but it doesn't seem like it should be expensive
Of course none of that is really as relevant as the fact that we have an un-reformed Communist party sitting in the parliament and many city councils, as well as Russia who still sees itself as a continuation of that "empire", so it's not easy to get rid of any of them
From your tulips to God's ears
There are different punishments in different legal systems around the world.
Or Maďaři (Hungarians)
I guess you didn't have a dinner on the roof
Damn I never had any idea
It's like ants thinking they are rivals with humans because they stepped on an anthill once
5 breads
They usually serve coffee from local roasteries, do cuppings and other educational stuff, if you need more tips to discern them.
A phone (with subscription), a laptop and a car all free to use for personal use as well
No, but I know many neo-commies.
Next time it would be nice to see some monasteries and nature
Yep, a guy
"Oh, I was in Hague quite a few times
I feel like I don't know almost anyone under 35 who irons
Say Czechia one more time, I dare you
They would have to know it's not pronounced with "K" in the beginning.
Have USA ripped itself apart, because there have been allowed gay-marriages?
Czech guy here
In the 90's some artist painted an old tank pink, then the city painted it back to normal, than some representatives from parliament painted the tank back to pink (but they had immunity so nothing could be done about it)
Kazakhstan number one exporter of potassium!
It's a new thing, no one asked the general populace if they liked the name or not.
Otrok in Slovenian means child, in Czech it means slave
Vltava by Bedřich Smetana
What I had in mind was the ritual killings of the animals.
Because we have beautiful old buildings in almost every city, that would be overshadowed (literally) by them
Oh yeah I forgot about that one.
Why are Russiand angry about this?
Well, our president doesn’t really have a true power
I hear this pretty often among people I know.
In Crusader Kings I played often as Bohemia (and failed miserably), and then I tried to do the featured rulers that are in the menu (and failing as well, except for the time I played as Armenia)
Not many kids really know what they want to do in their early teens vs
More like prep school actually.
They do not recognized their war crimes, they done nothing, maybe Russia will ride in and save them
* meth
When I studied in Prague, seeing black people was nothing unusual.
so the Czechs said by the way something like: "You're cool guys, only that you're a bit too vulgar," which the Slovaks understood as "you're a bit too stupid" and almost got into a fight before the misunderstanding was clarified
Generally, piercings and tattoos are so common nowadays, walking on the streets it's pretty common to see someone with piercing/tattoos/tunnels in the ears etc
I think it's a good idea to try and understand if the person you're talking to is
Furthermore, I don't feel comfortable nor at home here, especially with the dirty looks I have been given speaking czech on the phone, and the comments I've had against me on buses for the same fact.
With that said, I will be fitting an AC in the attic I'm reconstructing
Which is a mentality I've never understood
Private ownership was very limited here.
Things have a more magical feel and feel way-less nerdy when translators make the effort to work the weird English terms into the other language
Either way, I believe in equality and am opposed to monarchy on principle, so no, even though it's fun to imagine what it would look like.
I actually forgot that 1
I love the way Estonia handles corporate taxes and such a system should be completely valid
Cimrman's theatrical company (called Lipany) had a significant share of untalented and inexperienced actors
Damn
Is it
However, in English, it's used as female
How's there a discussion
There are few tricky cases like *z* and *s*; *ě* and *je*; *ú* and *ů*. The worst is *i* and *y*, they sound the same but there are very complex rules which you are allowed to use
Oh for fucks sake, not this again.
Český Krumlov, UNESCO World Heritage Site, Czech Republic
Then I was asked during first order at bar.
] This way I found out I can understand Silesian/Kashubian on similar level to Polish, with Silesian probably even more
It could be an urban legend, IDK
The Sun (Slunce) is neuter and the Moon (Měsíc) is masculine
I don't drink enough beer
We have scouts for all boys and girls (Junák)
Australia is going down the shitter
Also most of the people are against islam, so those are also against Bashar al-Assad (if they only knew FSA are more religion based)
I have also had COUNTLESS experiences where bike lanes went smack-down middle of a street, sometimes cutting across sidewalks without ANY warning
Also (as was mentioned by the Slovaks in the thread already) Venice is Benátky and Copenhagen is also Kodaň in Czech
EDIT: I'm talking about speaking, when writing you basically have to use the standard language
lol, kids in kindergarten are more mature
You try to leave, they go after you, your wife and your kids
No, no, no, wrong, it's obviously [Droběna] ;)
Russian language was mandatory
You practically cannot buy the good ones in any store but have to "know a guy". Even then it's hit or miss, because everyone says theirs is great
New Zealand
Honestly, don't you and your t_d pals have some domestic issues you should be focusing on instead of projecting onto Europe?
Also Irish just because I love a certain irish song
Information asymmetry is only important if the consumers care about said information.
Hmm no, it slowly grows since year 2000
You're distracting from the real issue with a bullshit question.
I feel there’s a lot of misinformation spread about this new legal framework - articles quoting old versions of it, Google spreading panic so they don’t have to be more transparent, Reddit users quoting other Reddit users without an indication of clear source and then relying on what they said as a fact (sorry) etc…
that's the problem, which quotas won't solve
In Prague, there were only TWO days with temperatures above 25 °C and no day at all above 30 °C. That's pretty unusual for the end of June
He is called his mom a Hungarian Ho, so that is like double the points
It is also a rather nice and livable student city
I love the name Dimitri, it just sounds badass
Especially when you have reason to believe that traveling to them means taking a few pictures of the most important sights or spending the whole time at the beach without interacting with the local people/culture at all.
Maybe because včela is pszczoła.
That's some pretty evil shit
That’s so true
Doritos
How is *ANTI*-missile shield a fucking threat you dumb russian fucks?
\> did Stalin poison Europeans
On the other hand, I'm quite satisfied with many things in my country, such as:
There were multiple protests preceding the events of November 89 and the Party was indeed under growing pressure.
Milan Rastislav Štefánik
[Hi ethreax.] Your [comment] was removed because it broke a rule.
The case of a LAW 94 was filled with concrete to simulate the weight and someone(usually me as the youngest) had to carry the fucking thing round all weekend
But I say hello and thank you when buying a ticket, so that compensates for it
All written, I don't think it would be easy spoken for me since I generaly have bigger problem with spoken word
nice 15-20
What sort of fish would you recommend
In Czech republic, we have a dedicated youtube channel just for that, its called Honest Guide, if you ever find yourself in Prague, i advise you to watch some of their videos, really helpful
The idea bank and goverment know when,where and for how much is my everyday shopping is much more bizzare for me.
I am complete dilletante at this, so I am asking.
Not really sure
There hasn't been an increase in crime, or violent crime against EU citizens, it's just that the papers have suddenly started reporting them so it appears that there has been an upsurge.
Ethnic cleansing is not "solution" anyone should be supporting
I have a feeling the choice these cartoons might be a bit biased.
Do they count under refugees, or are they reported as legal immigrants in statistics?
Any ideas what was screened back then
And let's not forget, Youtube is not even profitable
Czechs kind of love holding historical grudges and feeling victimized by others (Germans, Russians, Austrians, even the EU) even when a random person from that country has nothing to do with that
a - but without the serif, it's basically a flipped 6
I find these threads always fascinating.
Břečka
And there is also problem with information about what are they voting for - I can find it, but some people who haven´t internet or don´t understand english have big problems with that.
Palestine isn't a fully recognized country.
A proč? To sem nikdy neviděl
Example: *Jana Nováková* married *Michal Matějka* --> *Jana Matějka Nováková* (not *Jana Matějková Nováková*)
I remember some TV movie fairy-tale with blinded prince who had to roam the world too, but it wasn't Rapunzel I think
Though if you want to talk about more "big big crimes" lets exactly talk about why the 1949 West German constitution looks as it does and especially why the German coursts abolished the German Communist party: Lets talk about the other coups the Soviet Backed Communist party tried to enact in 1948 in Germany, or 1953 that let to its ban whose reasoning was exactly upheld by the Court of Human Rights on the basis of the Communist party's extreme hostility to freedom of speech, democracy through its support and propagation of totalitarianism
My motivation is actually my dentist being angry if i don't go twice a year
I think it measures poverty much better.
I like it because it's the only foreign language I can speak
This relation is often inherited - there are now four generations in our family rooting for Slavia.
It explains very good relations between the two countries even when separating.
The country's occupied by Nazis, but there is resistance, not least of which are para-dropped **literal assassins** aiming to take down the Butcher of Prague, the Blond Beast, the Hangman, one of the darkest characters among Nazis, an architect of the Holocaust, Reichsprotektor Reinhard Heydrich
Its building was recently renovated, too
No official rules here as far as I know.
SocDem are leftist, Okamura/ODS aren't that bad but they are pretty much irrelevant.
Oh yeah it's not as empty as it was few months ago, still not as extremely packed as pre-covid tho
The minimal wage is now a whopping 400 euros/month.
Your bodies are just trying to keep at least their heads over sea level, just in case
I would like to point out this:
We could be the republic alternative to the UK - the UR
Finaly
You're not even taught that in schools, like ever
There's no way that's true
Odkud jsi
But black people weren't really the average people sold there obviously
The name is strange, because according to one old Czech folk tale, there were 2 brothers, who led Czechs in Czechia, Czech and Lech
> and got nothing in return
Although my friend didn't do this, I have no idea how he didn't get shot or something on a Christmas trip to Dresden
Millennials are those born between 1980 and 1999, those who spend most of their adolescence after...
What language is this written in
Morava
He will make some kind of problem and tell people to vote for him because he is the only leader to solve this problem
Not even Belarus is socialist - it's just plain authoritarian
You already have Russia, US, and UK being Germanophobic.
NATO should make clear it is not insurance company for lunatics
No, I have a roof
So we're basically "the people"
o.O
Is it České Budějovice
The context of the conversation impled male tracking, which to me made no sense.
your village would bunga-bunga in one week
In 2008 Czech researcher found memo that Czech-born writter Milan Kundera in 1950 could report a person he thought was a Western agent to communist regime authorities
Employees in warehouses and industry will have different day schedule than office workers or students
Take the fear of the massive army away and what's left?
> Hello everyone,I would like to know what do you think about this topic: The so called "Common European identity".
No idea about the whole country, but my household of 3 spends ~550 € per month on groceries (i.e. not counting eating out, that's another ~250 €)
in our strategic interest
It's colder here (than  last 5 years)
Or when your boyfriend dumps you when he finds out
Not kidding, they made their own version a while back
I'm just starting, so I don't have many.
However the 2% is just an artificial treshold and doesn't say a whole lot about how effective your military actually is.
talking is more complex, you need practice
The first is rather formal
> I apologise
This is prepared in advance so you get it very quickly and it is cheaper than regular meals
In Czech dubbing, the girls didn't even speak Czech, but Slovak
The main trap was the whole battle.
Here in Prague standard-length buses have 4 doors, articulated buses have 5
I remember a post at /r/ShitAmericansSay where an American guy explained to a Brit how the 5th of November is an awesome holiday because its point is to remind the government that if they will attack citizens' liberties, the citizens will revolt and blow up the parliament like the brave Fawkes guy tried
It's treason then
in the US)
Just
I hate it, no reason
kde borový zaváněl háj. (where pine grove smelled(?))
Not here really - this is chart of temperatures for the last 30 days in Prague (which is usually the warmest): [
Sadly, it will probably first have to be demonstrated in real world usage before sufficient evidence is available
I personally also use
I think they just miss their youth tbh
Europe has been non stop fighting for as long as it existed.
Kutná Hora doesn't sound so bad
A spoon full with every cup of tea
Czech republic (summarizing various stereotypical viewpoints):
I like it nice and traditional.
I would not call it complex
Teddy Roosevelt
Because while we learned about American Thanksgiving traditions at school, it never involved an information about children sitting separately
Yes, we are close to other "German Slavs" like Poland or Slovakia but I think that is point of need to stay together after what happened after WW2 (including)
well blurry
It's fun for the first hour or so, then it becomes an annoyance.
First Czech, then Žižkovák (neighbourhood), then Praguer, then Bohemian, then Central European, then European, then Westerner, then Earthling.
Or as some tests near Bratislava shown, new kind of cotton, we might become the cotton kings of europe.
In some economic parameters we're doing even better than Germany.
And since last week I actually believe it
I am Czech and it's nice to have once a year, but it's not like we make them at home
There are just a few tracks in Czech which are profitable without subsidies and if it would not be for the goverment pouring the money into unprofitable railroads, most of the Czech Republic would not have access to rail transportation at all.
Basically unheard of
It's funny, because (at least we were taught that in school) it's not considered a murder, you are just throwing people out of a window and it's on God if he's gonna let them live or die
It's a very tragic price to pay for being stupid in your teens
The death penalty is an easy answer.
My mom is really afraid of dogs, so we can't have any
let's do the same shit for 3rd time :)
If they just kept their mouth shut before researching something it wouldn't be an issue.
I don't think we have a common saying that would be endorsing a particular way of death, we just say "zdechni" or "chcípni" (drop dead).
- Into ass
Kifli
* Germany wants to control us so they dictate the EU what unfair laws they impose to us
But a not insignificant amount of them are exactly that.
World is changing and we have to adapt.
* They have been taught since childhood that the Prophet must always be more to them than their mother and father
Unless you are speaking about French Revolution, etc.
Is there no way in which Belgium can act?
More and more Lithuanians are now coming back from their work abroad and as Lithuania gets richer and people have more money to buy houses, this trend will appear in Lithuania, too, I think
It's an American female, go figure.
Criticism wasn't welcome - Yes-men were promoted and critics punished
Red Army Choir songs
So many people will think its Phillipines
Let's kill Iran general in Iraq
no stripper clothes involved...
There are hundreds of guys being rebuffed by girls right this second
I bet you've got plenty of stories to tell
If you don't count jogging people, I've seen maybe 2, 3 tops in whole 24 years of my life.
Apparently because you eat twice as much of them as the rest of Europe combined or something like that
Generally I am not aware of anything like that here in Czechia
I was also thinking Russia
That's my experience as well
My family’s nostalgic places are strewn across the continent
Guess that explains the permanent desire to teach random Easterners how to use a washing machine
> and got nothing in return
I've been to over 30 countries at 3 continents (+is Madeira in Africa or not?
Fines for having a damn VEGETABLE PATCH
> "Das mädchen essen die eier
Each country or culture is then unique not through single traits but through combinations of overlapping traits
I can also use the same gun for w/e reason as long as its registered for that
, podlaží numbering should be 1 2 3 4 5 6
It's the eqivalent of a man who is standing in the water only up to his feet, but is still considered entirely wet (in this context water is EE and how CZ has probably something about 70% of borders with WE countries).
I've been to Bílá Cerkva
And your sunshine and lollypops view of the world remains, blissfully ignorant of reality.
Even then there's a ton of restrictions on what sort of guns you can get, when and how you're allowed to use them etc.
Might be cause my German isn't nearly as good as my English, or because German seems much easier to pronounce to me and many other Czechs who learn it
TIL we have a very efficient word for commission letterwise compared to others.
You have the case of 'grass is greener on the other side' syndrome.
TF less than 10 cents
also - entitled is not what helicopter parents are, I'd say it means micro-managing
No morals, no pride
But why is the English name so special here for sake of comparison
Seems like some pretty inconsistent methodology was used when creating this map
The system made ticket selling literally 3× more time consuming and complicated
This is prepared in advance so you get it very quickly and it is cheaper than regular meals
Just the common ones come to my mind, I thought Malta speaks Italian and that Bosnia and Herzegovina make the two federative units of which the country consists
2 of them are on opposite sides of Prague, 1 in Brno and 1 in Ostrava
Especially the first one was pretty stupid and there was no reason for it
There have been many smaller changes, but I'll go over the major ones
Full seven years hath sojourned in Spain,
(we just short it to deka, ie 20 deka of this cheese instead of 200 grams) and no one will order 200 milliliters of wine instead of 2 deciliters ( 2 deci of white wine...) It is also used in recipes,but I can't recall any other everyday usage.
Nothing crazy but it made my day
Really
Czech government accepted 'Czechia' as the official shorter version of 'Czech Republic' a few months ago and it has gained some popularity since.
If EU goes, USA will come too, or they will lose any power over EU which I doubt they would do just so Russia can take Baltic states.
Yesss Don Quixote
I wanted to go with Karel Gott and his Vcelka Mája or just generally with him, but I believe yours is WAY more famous
The definition of paper is rather clear, and it's definitely not a thing from Egypt
For naming characters - it's as easy as pulling up a [list of Polish surnames] and picking one
It's because each kid is different, each parent is different and each culture is different.
Eg Olomouc used to be the "capital" of Moravia (got replaced by Brno) Litoměřice and Žatec were major cities in the north-west (now replaced by Ústí nad Labem and Liberec), Kutná Hora used to be the second most important city in the kingdom
And then, when Germany officially broke the Versailles treaty, the France did nothing, although they were legally bound to act
Right, and what does medium-sized mean in Russia
As a side note, in his speech vowel quantity and stress are *distinct properties*. But the only long vowel is /o/.
EDIT: checked wikipedia
We celebrate only the 8th of May as a Day of victory
The real boycott should come from higher positions that actually can enforce changes
Industry 4.0 is seen as our big chance every branch in cz is preparing for that.
The porn industry is exploiting vulnerable people who need money - and the people upset at the industry are the problem
Any neighbor that sees me cheerfully ask me "Heeey how you dooiin'" and then go back to doing their own business without even expecting answer
It seems to me that people are more angry at the UK and France for their betrayal in 1938
If people of all opinions wave the flag at protests, what's the point
we had our last king since 1471
And there is election coming up.
You have daylight until 23
However otherwise it is unusual to have HQs of state institutions outside of Prague
It's colder here (than  last 5 years)
That's more of a mallet than a hammer
Eurostat seems to use outdated info
The surgery isn't causing pain to the rhinos and it is not pernament anyway.
Hvala
> You can give your child any existing name, either Czech or foreign
You mention Czechia anywhere and there's at least one horny asshole who goes "dAe cZeCh pOrN
I'm going to visit Amsterdam in April.
What definitely isn't reasonable to is to brand yourself as a humanitarian superpower inevitable attracting huge amounts of immigrants despite the fact that you already have a housing crisis in your country.
Yep, pretty much my reaction the first time
Second, it can often be up to a 1000 euros more.
It was shocking enough for Czechs to have no draft beer for so long
Outside of that, pretty normal
Czech Republic
desktop: alienware logo, quite ok
I have no idea what that was suposed to mean, also the opera is about 300meters from the square the monster was on :D
We also use the German ones (which I also didn't know were German) which we call "mariášové" which is derived from the card game "mariáš" (funny thing I learned today, the name comes from the French word "Mariage", so we use German cards to play a game with French origins but use French cards for almost everything else)
I have recently found out Czechia ranks as [the third worst slavery haven] in Europe
Ah, I remember that
He is going to replace the legendary boat with [this one]
Just let us contribute in other ways and move on in areas where we can find a broad agreement - like in the defense union.
Yep
are people really that retarded
and 8
We have a law here that every supermarket with at least 400m2 area has to donate such food to food banks or charities
There are StB papers with his fake StB name and everything
That could be a good start, hopefully it's not just words
"by accepting this radar, you're making yourselves a target, in case of a nuclear war, this radar could be among the first hits" etc.) were rather common.
I don't get them mixed up, but its strange
I'm fucking 28
Praha: Expensive, Capital, Full of tourists
Czech will understand what I am trying to prove here
Czech is ridiculous in many aspects, but atleast the pronunciation is simple.
One example, the name Dumbledore comes from an archaic word for a bumblebee
Get woken up by alarm, fall down the stairs (walking is hard when you get up) into the living floor and the kitchen.
Because our science has advanced so much our old ways of life are completely irrelevant?
Austria
Eheheh...you know maybe we'll rather sacrifice those few idiots who think they're immortal when abroad.
Here in Czech republic some people are planting trees "how they see it fit", but because they don't really understand this topic, they sometimes plant trees to  problematic areas
Is Dublin 100% set upon keeping the Irish language?
It was suggested by his brother Josef
Switzerland and the Czech Republic also have gun culture, whats wrong with that
Am I the only one who is growing tired of May and her bullshit?
Kaufland is German
> and consider that their real home
I wish we had a more Atlantic climate, I hate the big differences between suffocating summers and freezing winters that we get here in the middle of the continent
What does that even mean
I’m from the Walachia region and there plums are often referred to as slivky
The fact that Polandball is actually the Monaco flag
Same complaint here
We earned the right to have our own country
2012 will the world end"nonsense.
- Reinhard Heydrich the "Butcher of Prague"
Fortunatelly, here in czechia, beer is cheaper than water
Well I'm mostly talking about the fact that France has the most important European military and it has a lot of geopolitical interests in Africa and elsewhere
Our politicians have been decently in favour of further military cooperation and it also creates little to no controversy among the public.
Friends definitely don't. Distant relatives who you don't see often
Can't tell you his last name or show you his picture though.
We've managed to stop far more serious invasions
Interesting
Very true
Quite indeed
Not sure this meaning survived communism
The battle is far from being over.
genitive | vody | vod| wody | wód
Id say the Hussite Wars tbh
I don’t mean it in bad way
*Eyes go wide, mouth drops, stoods up, salutes
Actually it’s quite interesting that worldwide known beer Budweiser is American
My dad told me that he watched Star Wars in polish ( from Czechoslovakia ) so I guess they were hard to find in CZ
Shitload of movies are done in Czech republic.
What developed countries even still have a military service, besides Israel
Lots of workers coming from there and most important is Dacia
I am Czech living in Prague all my life and I have no idea what "Bi-annual Danepocalypse" refers to.
It's a rather common phenomenon.
I think you'll get there
A more prudent measure is to refuse entry to anyone who does not have official documents, and of course to anyone whose documents look suspicious.
I would like to see the source, since free movement of people is one of the base tenets of EU ...
You are right but It is called high school "final exam".
I drink a lot of wine from Moravia and eat lots of smažák to make up for it, so yeah, I think I pass
But those aren't filled
this was a giant clown fiesta
was pretty good king
*Slavomír* sounds like a pagan warrior-poet, *Slávek* like a simpleton
Or else there will be winter war II
OK I live in Czechia but our bread is probably similar to the German one
Ruský kapesník (Russian tissue) - Sneezing into your bare palm
Probably not enough for your government to run some black op here and then "liberate" us :)
But as someone mentioned it’s párek v rohlíku or klobása with bread and mustard or ketchup
That's more of a mallet than a hammer
or stranglers
It would be exactly the same if someone on the team knew Chinese, Russian, Arabic, Hindi, Malay.
By the time our generation gets to retirement age things will be even worse because of the birth rates.
Well of course they want to leave the UK, who sane wouldn't?
If the western world was indeed serious about human rights and democracy
This narrative "Trump is literally hitler controlled by Pence/Putin/Bannon/absolutely out of control" is getting stale.
Yes, I walked to school without parents from 4th grade of elementary school, I would say it is normal here
I have lived in Czechoslovakia for few months
If the question seems to me that there will be Czech response I'll try to find one
Treat your country same way you would treat your house
I honestly remember costing it around 18 000, but that appears to be total bullshit.
Maybe a little bit of money has been saved, in expense of disabled people
My friend played hockey there, so yeah, it got stuck in my mind.
Basically if youre a decent human being able to uphold the law, know how to safely handle a gun, and know the gun law, you should be able to pass
Unfortunately I miss many skills that make a good dealer
[France]
Broken Mercedes & fake gold
Full seven years hath sojourned in Spain,
But you do it when you say "Czech", why would that suddenly change
Maybe Medvedev in Obama putting pens into their pockets synchronously
Nobody has to actually speak it.
15%+ of people living permanently in Prague are foreign-born.
I don't remember any sudden surge of rugby popularity, but if we achieve some success, the media can easily elevate any sport from obscurity, so perhaps one day
I'd say the Prague Castle, but that's not a single building
Enjoy your Roman gods and emperors, filthy conformists!
And also the last one when I leave
In the case of PM, our president basically names PM and this named PM must form big enough coalition to survive the vote of confidence
For example Oldřich Černík was the prime minister of Czechoslovakia from 8
I didn't think a lot of Estonia, Lithuania or Bosnia, before I visited them, but I was always surprised by the interesting things that they have and that I had no idea about
They can't stop us
Then you have to wait a 30-60 minutes waiting queue of other poor fucks like yourself to pick it up.
Polish kapusta is like slovak kapusta (i.e. zelí, cabbage)
I believe that a couple of years back, there was a petition to replace Poland with sea, lol
I don't think Brexit will change anything about this though, because the level of understanding of the post-communist states in the WE is even worse than the understanding of the UK.
Force out quick "good" and move on
When our current president Miloš Zeman took the office, a lot of people who voted for "Havlist" candidate Karel Schwarzenberg didn't exactly accept their loss and continued to scorn Zeman whenever he allowed them the opportunity, which he did quite often.
(for example: Droga in Czech means "drug", while in polish it means "path")
so the Czechs said by the way something like: "You're cool guys, only that you're a bit too vulgar," which the Slovaks understood as "you're a bit too stupid" and almost got into a fight before the misunderstanding was clarified
Yeah, we also sometimes joke about wanting Polish Silesia, but mostly we Czech Silesians do
A.CRIME.AND .A.PRETTY.BAD.PRECEDENT.IN.INTERNATIONAL.LAW
You know, where the Communist Minister of the Interior refused to investigate
The directive completely ignored that some countries actually allow carrying for self-defence, or maybe it didnt ignore it
I'm more familiar with people saying "Ahoj" than "Dobrý den" while I'm cross country skiing and also while canoeing
Cool, I didn't know it was that popular :D Maybe we should promote it more, tourists in Prague nowadays seem to be more into absinthe
I think it would have been more claustrophobic if it was in Norwegian or like Chernobyl was in English but pretending to be in Russian
Also if EU is good or not
Please invite Andrej Babiš to Slovakia (not just in court in Bratislava)
Aye, that's true, my dislike for learning french was probably caused by my teacher who didn't bother to explain the things we didn't understand, when you're falling behind for 2 years, it's hard to catch up
For example look at the population and GDP growth of Germany and France in the 1930s and Russia and Poland in the 2010s. You'll see completely opposite trends
Not that it matters, nobody will care what you specialized in in grammar school.
He was also the main architect of the Holocaust and the Reichsprotektor in Bohemia and Moravia
(not an expert in VPN, just thought it might work that way)
Well it's mostly due to our efforts
Böhmen & Mähren has very conveniently placed markets of colour right across the border, which gives a a nice symmetry to the conveniently placed police officers on our side of the border.
Yet, she has to present herself as strong politcian and Britain as golden egg.
However, the name only partially caught on and a lot of people don't like it, including me
With such logic you can literally call every political opinion that gets posted/printed/anyhow released a propaganda.
net, PO BOX 595, 170 00 Praha 7
But still, if you plan to stay in Germany pernamently, I don't see any reason why not to apply for German citizenship, it makes perfect sense.
Because we have a long-standing historical friendship as nations beginning with the alliance between interwar Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia, which was only tarnished when we buckled to political pressure and recognized kosovo
Its so generic and widespread today, people think you are "poor" if you dont have anything better
Somebody already mentioned Pičín (cunt town), but I think that these also deserve a mention:
But yeah, czexit is a dumb idea
I don't know why, but it looks hilarious
This bugs me on doing implicit attitudes test (IAT) because its part is looking at images of people and assuming if they are white or not as quickly as possible.
*"We can't do what we like with this country
shiit, didn't play
Metro line 1 is a must
I love the way Estonia handles corporate taxes and such a system should be completely valid
Several days in a row we have almost 10k cases
that were not Serbians but [Sorbs]
Wtf, you just accept verbal harassment as something that happens and thus it's ok and there's no point in complaining about it?
His son Wenceslas aka Charles IV did tho
Prague is beautiful in winter (I mean the whole year sure but especially in winter) but the coblestones everywhere are insanely slippery and most roads instead of being cleared just have a co-out sign "this road is not maintained during winter".
The inequality in Britain is really a huge problem, but their elites ignore it constantly.
You are not
We also played pétangue, but that might have been just a fashion wave.
We have a party, which is called "Volte Pravý Blok-stranu za ODVOLATELNOST politiků, REFERENDA a PŘÍMOU demokracii [WWW
Billion- miliarda
Respect to you
There was always only one candidate you can vote for
However even the crazies back in the USSR didn't risk WWIII, so I'd say we're pretty darn safe.
Nope, you would say "Mr
I guess it would work but it would also be very expensive
I've seen something similar in Poland
I can imagine situations when your outfit may cause problems, or your behaviour, or level of your alcohol intoxication, but the number of people you're with
Not a fan, got a little used to it so my eyes don't bleed as much but I still think that Czech republic sounds better
When spoken, it gets really harder - the influence of German is very noticeable - it's basically Slavic language spoken with very thick German accent and that makes it very hard to understand if you are not used to the way how some words sound with this accent
Yeah, it's kinda funny how cheap travelling by public transportation can get
why would you be proud of this
Yeah, I read the book
We have freedom of movement regardless, but both countries can govern themselves independently.
(Added the last two in an edit)
In the case of Tesla we can simply remember that the Trolley problem has a 1 in a million chance of happening and discard it.
The moments my parents saw it, they got 'angry' (as in a joking, but actually offended deep down way) and told me to rewrite it
Dogs are fine, but I like cats more
I know what it is, but it doesn't make sense in Czech
Before the WW1, Bratislava had tram line to Vienna:
I had some elementary English classes in kindergarden
I was there a couple of years ago.
National Museum Of Arts And Popular Traditions
Czech republic: boar stew - with rose hip sauce or with cabbage
Is it worth it
Can we please stop using reductio ad hitlerum
Charles University in Prague
In Polish--road
This is either screen from the vid or photoshopped :-p
Poor guy's political career is toast.
And recycle all plastic instead of putting it in rubbish (trash) bins
Česká republika je svrchovaný, jednotný a demokratický právní stát založený na úctě k právům a svobodám člověka a občana
Many Czech redditors are kinder-libertarians
I don't thing it is possible to create future federal parlament which would be able to protect concerns of smaller states and at the same time was democratic and gave all citizens more or less equal representation.
Cause I always just thought of him as Czech.
101k of masks weights 660tons
Slovakia
We have for example: Novák (male) and Nováková (female)
They take it as natural occurrence.
I throw my shoe at you, Erdogan, you dog
This is probably necessary for the brain to mature
Such a beautiful piece of architecture
Oravala FIN
Yes, I did
In Polish these meanings Are reversed
Haha that's why we have our own category on porn sites :-D
I love the design of [Silesian] flag
I wouldn't mind traveling to Hungary from Czechia even with a child
*they have CZ or CZE in their username
Although it looks like it was renovated around 2017 and it [looks a bit better] doesn't hurt the eyes as much
User flair fucking-A czechs out
LOL
But I have a photo with an entire female class somewhere
Their current leaders are extremely competent.
Our prime minister is a total conman "solving" everything just via a huge PR machinery
Not in the news that often, but it feels like the internet is drowning in US politics despite Americans being the minority
As we are used to call "generous eve" Christmas Eve in English, I falsely assumed "generous day" is Christmas Day.
Relatively comfy seats, enough space, clean toilets, power outlets and even wi-fi
Well then how can you say that Greece was a country without communism when it had one of the longest occuring communist insurgencies in the balkans?
I truly feel it was much better for work/personal life balance
Not exactly poor's people, but Smažák.
Activity vouchers valid in pharmacies, gyms, cinemas, some online shops etc
Goes 1,200m underground
Yeah, nice strawman you made out of me there, assholes
They have warehouses here and we get a "Czech" website that is just the german one ran through google translate
There are limits to what people will tolerate, even phlegmatics like the Czechs
MEPs which represent the people in the EP are directly elected
As for my job, I would probably become a private teacher for some noble family or a bit liberal (and thus not very successful) priest
Rabits, rabits everywhere
That's quite a distance
I guess almost whole central Europe thinks that suprisingly
US is violent country only if you compare it to EU members.
Absolutely
That feeling when u live in the same country but it started snowing in your town 3 days ago and noone noticed
Sounds like a bit of an overreaction
It’s not like this is the end of the year
One of our most famous hockey players (Jaromír Jágr) got booee by the public for staring in an electric bike ad
And yet, I am a much better software developer than I ever was a biochemist, because I had a lot more passion and interest for CS, did an internship during my studies and spent time learning things on my own
And she was Slovak
>I've been reading so many comments in this thread and nobody seems to try to understand or to explain why a "farther right than far right" misogynistic fascist goes to geeky events and picks up femboys
Czechoslovak Foreign Legion in Russia during and after WW1.
No even people whose family members were murdered by the Germans during the war
I love the nature, the weather, for the first time in my life I would be the outgoing person in the group, and t education system is a dream
They're interesting names
"What can we do, we are just small country"
Kudlanka - derived from the word "kudla" which means jackknife
There are so many pretty places in the world and he had to settle where he did, in the one place between the Germans and the Russians
Nothing against Russia
No basketball hoops
I always imagined him as a tiny baby in a rocket crib flying from house to house.
Many products already cost as much as they do in Germany, despite being inferior in quality.
Afaik he lost his job for critique of the ocupation in 1970, which was time that did actually matter
I have a story mission related question
It was our largest regional rival in the middle ages and there were hardly any serious links in the early modern period
I remember that book from my literature class here in the Czech Republic
We don't get a whole lot of natural disasters here, pretty much only floods, and these ones were particularily devastating
About 18 Euro 100/10 Mb/s optical, only very rarely drops below advertised value.
Well, if article 13 passes, they will finally have a reason to leave
why are you proud of the industry exploiting vulnerable people who are desperate for money
Nothing odd about it
Now I do not have a TV but my dad told me that they made a Czech version of the show with our celebrities.
And Ombudsman
Even Europeans don't like these hags.
It makes sense, it's just very unusual for me to imagine any school not start in the morning all the time
I use it all the time in English
I would rather say a big part of Czechs feel uncomfortable around them
oh my god yes, *Bramboračka in bread* just seems so impractical to me for anything but touristy stuff
Middle quite, Early modern no problem, then nothing and the last bit also not really a problem
Let's hope for that
He is a leader of a party, which is in a close race to win next elections.
Not according to [Cambridge dictionary]
in online games it usually depends on these factors:
Last year they said that Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 was "help"
yep, even worse we have a fuck ton of memorials as well and no one says "Well I can't visit the CZ because there are too many memorials for concentration camps
But then, they are gonna find out eventually after that election.
I'm personally grateful for the US contribution to the security of my region (CEE), just like I appreciate the contribution of our Western European partners - and yes, I do recognize that in terms of defense, the US has contributed more than, say, Germany or France.
same here, the washer I had in my US flat (4 years ago) was something like my grandmother dumped in eighties
I think it's needed for atheist because it can be useful info in some cases and people are less likely to believe in disinformations about religions
Have you ever bothered to read the sidebar of this sub
Local human population counts more than 10 million
Why would a Greek, Spaniard or Italian come to work here, when they're also free to go to Germany or the UK?
Independence from an oppressive, evil empire
Nik Tendo - Rolls] (the most successful and controversial rapper and perhaps artist overall in the country right now, the video is made for all songs on his latest EP, the #1 song starts at 3:25)
It has a lot to do with our history, having catholicism forced down our throats after the Battle of White Mountain and forced recatholization drove off a lot of people
And yes, most people dont really feel the need but they have a choice in that matter
Cute little underrated countries
The old painting was done from Schönborn garden, that is today part of American embassy areal.
My mom is really afraid of dogs, so we can't have any
Your supply of words is much more suited for this than mine
- Sugar cubes
I honestly don't understand what did you get offended over in the first place.
We even have our a site that subtitles popular Youtube videos ([videacesky.cz] It's pretty impressive how much we came up with so that people don't have to ever come in contact with English.
I only see bunch of terrorists
Thanks, that's great I'll definitely go see it
As I wrote in one comment before: Reasons are social norms.
Halal food is basically a glorified name for animal abuse.
I believe that a couple of years back, there was a petition to replace Poland with sea, lol
However you are right, we only joined one such entity and been in it for 800 years
Polish also uses lots of words which are already archaic in Czech and there are lots of false friends, which can be tricky sometimes
"Být o hlavu kratší" = "To be shorter by a head" = To be decapitated
Toj cělj može byti različny: na priklad, medžunarodna komunikacija, tajna komunikacija s inymi, prijemnosť samogo avtora, ilustracija někojej fiktivnoj kultury ili realizacija někakogo lingvističnogo pomysla
Maybe you could remember that Czechia is called Czechy in Polish (according to Wikipedia at least) so you only change the "y" into "ia".
Not all of us wants to kill all jews and non-whites.
I absolutely understand your concerns and I would be having exactly the same thoughts in your place.
80 EUR (350 CZK) monthly
Also in 2/3 of these sources Cyprus is poorer than us, so why are they Developed
I agree
You finish school when 20-25, you work 35 years, you retire and live next 35 years
Complaining, hating everyone else
Poland- oh fuck but smaller
EDIT: Fixed the year
* Chrt pln skvrn vtrhl skrz trs chrp v čtvrť Krč, prv zhltl čtvrt hrst zrn
"Mléčný bar" was pretty popular during communist era here
CIBULKA
Not answering question
As a defence, he talks about Poland like he is the epitome of Polishness.
Aulla FIN
They basically don't approach it as something naturall, but rather they try to artificially create their vision of the true European identity and that's just no go for me
It probably derived from the word "tahat" which means "to pull" in English
This just perfectly exemplifies the absolute lack of class this guy has
Oh wait
True, however once the state starts limiting it, it can lead to a very slippery slope, so I believe it's better to combat hate with education
Jednou za Uherský rok (Once every Hungarian year) - when something with a repeating nature happens after a very long time
More than the mainland Germanic languages for sure.
I know one person who's religious (actually believes in God, goes to church every week), a handful of people who are sort of religious (are baptized, go to church a couple times a year), but the vast majority of people I know are not religious.
They should invest it in infrastructure, innovations and science.
Vieana was center of empire, the most  prestigious school was there
I paid for the whole meal so I'm gonna take the whole meal
I thought it was meant to be a snake
Plenty of 318 aren't against it
The trains I usually take in my hometown near the border are often starting in one country and ending in the other, you just hop on the train like on any other
The English word Czechia just looks wrong and weird - especially the "cz" part is unnatural, these two letters never occur next to each other in our language
thank you for your input
It's the same situation for several years now even though we used to have a looot of snow for majorty of winter some 15 years ago
Vždyť sám moc dobře víš že to zní hodně podobné
We need to go deeper: Mojmír, Rostislav, Svatopluk, Slavomír, Bořivoj, Spytihněv, Vratislav, Oldřich, Jaromír Břetislav
I was there and it looked like half a milion
I have recently found out Czechia ranks as [the third worst slavery haven] in Europe
Czech langauge also has "luna" for moon, though its too poetic to be used in normal conversation
The last map is a [cartogram] and I presume it's based on the population.
Job Vacancy Rate by Country (Fourth Quarter of 2016)
Our guláš is different, though.
This isn't really the case in Czechia, I'd say (or Prague at least), lower middle class at best
It has to be fake
It was popular for only 2 years (when we took part in it, too), but I haven't heard of it since then.
Now I get it
Future generations would make fun of my silly discoveries but also venerate me as an early founding father of this scientific field
Ah yes the gynecomastia Jesus
Saving this when I go back again, thanks.
We live in Germany but at home we talk English.
> (I've lived in Catalonia most of my life)
Or if you have why to be jealous?
In this area he's an expert
Really shows how popular it is in Austria
well, Remek was a member of the European Parliament between 2004 and 2013
Yes, not as big, but a thousand years under the German boot will take a while to heal
Just google Hitler arrival to Austria and you will see more.
Special family recipes and such aren't a big deal here IME, I just like
It the complex politics and diplomacy of the medieval Europe it was quite common
> stinky cheese
people in the Ukraine were starving for change during the communist era
Slovakia same, a garbage man
this guy plays EU4
Many, many spirits
it's a shame Manětínsko gets so little tourist attention, it's a beautiful area
like what
I dont want to discredit any inventor, but most modern inventions is not a job of a single person but rather improving, combining and expanding already known knowledge simultaneously
I went trough a phase as a teenager where I drank like a 1+ litre of milk every day
Oh, you reminded we
What is the worst specific thing about your country that affects you personally
Have both upvotes, I also didn't notice _from the right_ until your comment appeared.
I am talking 140 - 150 and of course there is some leeway until your speeding becomes worthy of cops' time
Beach is an extremely boring place
phone and tablet: these default apple clouds and stars
It’s a really beautiful city
Oooh, that divide, already wanted to call dipps on danube
Example of this ignorance
I know you're gonna say "but Russia has no right to decide Ukrainian matters
You can dislike EU and like Europe, it's not such an outlandish idea
There are innocent civilians that we should try to save if we can.
the topic is the moments of shame, not limiting it to attacking other countries.
Low key hinting the problem a lot of Italian youth faces
Just look at the [numbers] - every other guy is Polish or Russian, or at least their grandpa was one, judging from surnames.
That being said I'm agnostic/atheist, just wanted to say where this comes from.
East tends to be more conservative and anti EU
Basically Slovaks wanted independence cause they felt like "the lesser one" in our relationship
So we can build this, while a bridge between Britain and Ireland is compeltely impossible
Searches on the borders are uncommon.
The relationship between the two countries is strong in part due to the fact that both governments operate on a Shi'ite system of governance
" were inscribed
same here :) and I would probably not understand a single word :)
Yes, with the Velvet Revolution to be specific
The refugees will never comply with the proposed quota system and there is nothing EU can do to make them without giving up the way we treat human rights.
Female variant would be Dominika here.
Only restaurants, bars, schools and cultural events are closed
It's like pics from Syria located in Europe.
How is it seen in your country
Most fucked up thing
No matter how hard I try my lips are not cooperating with me on this word
I wish I was able to just invent a new identity and wipe away my past whenever the hell I felt like it
A place I’ve been around 20 times
And it shows when you're talking to the people
It has to be, otherwise it would be really sad and we can't take that right now
Tons of them
It is also worth noting that the whole of the British Isles experienced a lot of Germanic immigration during the middle ages – Angles, Saxons, Jutes, Normans and Vikings (and later a certain ruling dynasty), but the Cetlic populations in Britain and Ireland were not replaced, they just added to the mix that forms the societies that we see today.
I dunno 'bout this raiding thing
Wind is not enough, water potentional is used to the max
and I believe that aliens will contact us in 2020
Not surprised
That many
I read somewhere that there are two types of poles - those born with a bottle in their hand who drink all their life and die of lung cancer and those born with cigarette in their hand who smoke all their life and die of liver cirrhosis
Hi from Ostrava, this pretty much fits I always have to check twice if the doors of my house are propperly locked, fuck this constant feel of fear.
Corrupt people tend to find ways of getting to money
Trust me on that one
That’s maybe the best thing to do, or just say “dobrý den” “good day” at the start of the conversation or maybe the best would be “dobrý den, promiňte” and add the “sorry” at the end, because it typical for Czechs to say sorry at the start of the conversation when talking to a stranger
hmm, this is from Prague 1968 -
thanks
I'm team sour cream
Pros: We can claim ownership of schnitzel
I don't know about other people, but tap watter is basicaly the only thing I drink at home
Don't take it too personally, we have really good relations with all of our neighbours, so it's really hard to pick one.
What you're describing is [execution by falling]
If rising sea levels because of climate change put 12 of 19 British nuclear sites at risk what risk is a relatively small tsunami?
Everything is either muddy or wet.
Maybe there's another one being built somewhere, I'm not sure
However faulty the Americans can be, their military is still a massive deterrent
Wait until this guy hears about slovakian easter traditions
Their exploits in Russia have single-handedly won us our independance (not kidding)
I wouldn't say German is hard
/31
We flew a kite in a puuublic place
I've personally never seen anyone talk about it.
Access to health system and fast track to permanent residency
*Slavomír* sounds like a pagan warrior-poet, *Slávek* like a simpleton
This was the highest concentration of MENA people I saw since my trip to Riyadh where obviously everyone was.
they will be the best tax haven on earth!
Some, however, did have so unusual names that they were told that the original form would be better
I live in CZ and SK and your average income is only slightly lower so let me guess that your compatriots do not see the advantage of investing and think that the state will take care of them forever.
Those moves are calculated before they're posted.
I am glad it passed, I am glad that companies have hands a little bit more tied with using my personal data
Usually supermarkets will also offer these products at discount (25-50%) on day of or day before the product's expiration
Well, technically, the moderate Hussites won in the end, as the Pope finally agreed to make peace (after his "Crusaders" have got their collective asses kicked multiple times in the row) and allow Bohemia to keep its faith.
I'm a cat person
I like to think of it as perfect transitional power
My friend camped whole night before shop to get socialist clone of ZX spectrum 8bit computer - they had only 3
&#x200B;
If the load is so big so even 2 Fabias or Octavia can’t haul it, renting a van is always great cheap option
colaboration with nazis, expellation of Germans, not standing up against commies, popular support of commie atrocities in the 50s, wide KSC membership and STB cooperation, then wild 90s
We have a sturdy licencing system but if you meet all the requirements you can buy almost anything except full-autos and hollow point ammo (but thats also because of the EU)
Some parts are more beautiful than the others
I didn't want to sound salty, I'm more like a cheeky person.
I love how things (in day-to-day life) work, the countryside, architecture, etc
I believe in the party I vote for, but of course some members of it can be corrupt or incapable
Now now, don't be so mean
We have to learn to mutually understand our particular languages.
Pelíšky, vole
*páni - men* (alternatively can be used to express surprise, kinda like "wow")
Date / get married to a native speaker - constant practice with stress on colloquial speech and day-to-day situations.
I imagine people who like it as someone who grew in the woods unnoticed and never went to school, and their mom was making it for them
During the events of the November of 1989, many members publicly broke their ties with the Party by returning their membership cards which was seen as showing support to the revolution
What percentage of a product do you need to make in-country in order to qualify for a "Made in Germany" tag, according to you?
No, when I say Stalinist I mean people who adore Josif Vissarionovic Stalin, like former MP Marta Semelová or current party's vice-chairman Josef Skála
And Scots can be understood but I have to fill in some words that I cannot make out and hope I got the context right
My high school physics teacher thought the moon landing was fake and told us the Earth was 15 billion years old
Yes and so did our parents
It does a lot
&#x200B;
(for example: Droga in Czech means "drug", while in polish it means "path")
Some areas of the country suffer from floods.
That's the story I always hear when I look it up
It's getting more and more ridiculous.
I’d go for a language course at least for the beginning to get  the grasp of the basics
It seems they just moved from castles to roads, though
I'd say like half of these pictures are pretty normal
com
I think that's the whole Irish Isle not Sweden
Chinese tourists
Poverty
I would not say far right, just a fucking moron
I don't know but it was there
Prague is just better located and it is like 5 times bigger, so it wouldn't make much sense to put more offices in Brno
Yeah, especially when I come across discussion between military wives
Try asking young people outside Prague
If retailers really want to do that, they can always list their prices in whole crowns instead of that X.90 bullshit
The Pentagon wouldn't allow that.
We have a lot of things named after him there
ETA: safe storage temperatures should be listed on the packaging
Mainly 40 years of communism, I guess
Estonia and Slovenia
That's the premium package, though
I am genuinenly surprised how low is our number
Oh okay
It's kind of funny/sad people are so surprised/celebrating the fact a high politician behaves like a normal person
Because usually, different rates apply depending on original gravity and, in some countries, even size of the brewery.
I also found a side by side comparison of how the building currently looks vs
It is best to express strong emotions with your back to the audience
At the end - the real grandma arrives and saved the girl from the robot - presumably because she had got a new message, that parents will not be available
It would enforce Frauke Petry and AfD.
It doesn't make you a human with an injury but more of a broken box with something rattling inside
Czech has a couple:
Like, if you want we can but what from that we will get
The difference is just a few thousands.
And there are actually many places in Bohemia with much worse travel times
It could be exaggerated or flat out untrue, so I've been meaning to ask, if anyone from a Nordic country has anything to say about it
People just love having something to complain about.
And I would still have about 15k eur left
How could you do that to us Americans, how?
Ah, strange that datas differ in that
I always find it funny how's someone who is not Czech shocked we feel credited to comment our own name
Although you're most likely right, the fact Babiš said so adds no confirmation to it
To me, it's not really important how other people call us, however if you by any chance happen to visit, maybe don't use this Eastern Europe label here, some people get quite annoyed over it.
Also when fog rose near an ancient cairn and suddenly the mountains were visible
We have the biggest beer consumption per person in the whole world, even though you won't usually see drunk people if you're not out really late
Still kinda sad that the government doesn't do anything and it's really showing in statistics
If that counts as traditional then I agree.
Ahh, the tolerant left is here again.
5-10 minutes before the police arrived and killed them
* PL: Dziękuję
London
Germans gave us Sudety back so we are cool, Austria is nice quiet neighbour, Slovakia is our little brother and Poland is a big weird guy but friendly
Babiš (the party leader) himself when talking about the EU is all about what are the costs and benefits and whether it's profitable for us - and he concludes that it is and in this sense he's pro-EU.
AFAIK no, or maybe it wasn't as notable
If you're just grabbing a quick beer/coffee you can round up a bit if you're feeling generous, but it's not expected.
Another I remember is when toddlers come to the age when they want to do everything on their own, they often shout: *"Já sám!"* which means "(I'll do it) On my own
Just small regional joke
Except it will not
I'm mostly okay with it but some specific letters/words are weird
Czech guns laws
Zero fucks given, they didn't want to save europe from war, they wanted to save their asses from war
* Saitama
There are still differences between us
They just don't equate a possible outcome of equality with equality
But in general, it's usually CEE countries that I defend because I feel like they just need it more, in the sense that they are more often a target of retarded misconceptions and prejudices
yeah fucking Iceland
Weak
kind of
Budelípland
every country has something like this.
That might be for the better perhaps.
When I was 7, I knew the flags of all the countries in the world
Of course, the fuel costs something
It's dolphinately better than Czechia imo.
Such a diverse coalition won't have common vector
That fear of being ordered around once again will always be there and it will always be the biggest argument against it
Pretty safe here, no idea about rapes.
In morning, he was reunited with his disarmed unit, and told Czechoslovakia is receiving a “Brotherly help from soviets and other allied socialist countries to prevent coup”.
They were present in political debates with piecharts made out of pies and other crazy stuff
Is it supposed to be a parody of the subs for Trump and Le Pen or what?
Depends how much you look for details, but I don't think, that we have many blindspots
I have been playing this game for a few years by now.
No city walls are left for him to gain,
In the 9th century, the Přemyslid dynasty moved its seat to Prague
I find it hard to blame those who actually went through the occupation as small children (and thus weren't collaborators) for not wanting to accept the guilt for what happened after WW2
Of course the way the EU handled the recent crisis (migrant crisis, or the greek/eurozone debt crisis) is not helping as well.
And although police training with firearms generally isnt that great, theyre still trained people
There were a lot of US flags on 8th of May though
I found myself looking at a few older Fiats I could possibly buy in the future, like Regatta or Uno
Congratz UK, Italy and Spain
" is the more commonly known part, and sounds just ridiculous out of context
Don't ask me why, I have no idea :D
I suspect lots and lots of people
But same as with the monarchy, we prevailed and became free once again, this time we set a new record and are still a democratic republic after 30 years, that's 10 more years than between 18-38
Huh
For example, House Harlaw sounded like "Hard Law" to her so she translated it as *Drsnozákonští* but occassionally as *Drsnořádi* as well
They aren't everywhere, but they have enough coverage to reach out to an uncomfortably large percentage of the population.
we had a very enjoyable tour by a beefeater so the visit also doubled as a standup comedy
Maybe living in salt water on the coast
Love that guy
Ostrava, just fuck with as many people as possible
Mostly because of job requirements, but also because they know they're missing out on most of the internet, videogames, shows etc
Easy to learn hard to master
To Německo (Neut), ta Amerika (fem), (actually can't come up with male on the spot but it exists)
How is anyone else supposed to pay for this is beyond me
I don't mean to question Denmark's low level of corruption, but I would like to point out that measuring anything with "perceptions" is just very flawed by the very definition.
no horses no whiskey no George MClain...
magyar nyelvben is also pretty clear, "in hungarian language".
/joke
There are certain areas where the articles are generally pretty high quality with reasonable depth
Yeah
Our history with guns started before America was even discovered
Your body will have trouble dealing with pathogens it didn't encounter before then
Here are also some examples from wikipedia:
We have a whole tongue twister based around that "Strč prst skrz krk
And how do you think they were able to set up this control from before the reestablishment of Czechoslovakia
EDIT: Some people pointed out that Heydrich might not have been that high in the Nazi hierarchy
Lithuanian looks a bit like esperanto lol
You have to understand, that it was after the war.
Essentially everywhere except for towns and cities
It goes both ways, you start using less formal language when talking to the staff, talk about various things and maybe joke around as well a bit too and being generally more comfortable around them
Very weird to me but I won't judge their customs.
I had it in Spain multiple times
Doesn't mean that the way UK acted wasn't hugely disapointing as well of course.
Well we have more than kinds on our notes
Which is also a big reason for opposition to it
Cap de Creus - a wonderful place, romatic.
Yes, I was also considering the clock, but the castle's history is over half of millennia longer
(And I live 50 km away from it) Could someone please explain the claim to me
Non-alcoholic beer is everywhere in CZ and considered an acceptable choice if you've got a reason for it
It's no different than going the same distance in your country really, traveling wise
Yeah, there Is plenty more
Do you like names of cities or town in your country
Then we turned to east and trusted Soviet Union, and they taken our freedom and we became practically a colony inside Europe
Private televisions are trying to push it as Christmas movie, but it's not exactly popular and definitely isn't a symbol of Christmas, it's just a movie nobody asked for, which gets aired during Christmas
And it wasn't even *that* cheap
Is Slovakia pictured badly in Austria
Meanwhile, EU is going to increase trade with Asia, Africa and the Americas.
Like asking what you'll be doing when you get somewhere
That's when the teachers introduced the rule of "pick one and stick with it".
I am not very adventurous type
It's nice when grandmas can babysit
A while ago, I was translating something for my parents' company as I'm the only person in the family who knows English
Czechoslovakia legalised abortion in 1957.
Most fucked up thing
[THIS] is pretty much the answer
To me it's a true hidden gem, but as I said it's not for everyone.
If you do it alone, it's not good, but it's normal to go with friends in pub
Yea I just saw it in an article about the new James Bond movie
And some names are just shortened
I once said Hello to a woman in the Netherlands and she already knew I was Czech
Example: *Jana Nováková* married *Michal Matějka* --> *Jana Matějka Nováková* (not *Jana Matějková Nováková*)
The first round of wars happened in early 1990s, and Russia was heavily involved on the separatist side
Cut it down to two paragraphs, I'm not reading it at that length.
God I will celebrate so hard when he finally kicks the bucket
For avhievements in various fields
Long story short, the were sentenced for aiding a terror organization and now they're in a process of appealing the decision
Yes, that's him
Haha, got me
Russian trolling is a thing in discussions.
Janošik is thief and murderer
Thus in the 20th century, the Czech elites simply came to the conlusion that there's no way that we will get a fair treatment within the empire and that we are better off on your own
In the case of our president, we have ordinary "people vote and the most votes win"
Not my favourite tradition
I remember an interview from a lady who came here over from the US and her mother was freaked out that she's flying to soviet czechoslovakia so she packed her bags with cans of various foods to survive
) where he said they go to a range on average twice a year, it was a while ago
To be "smart" is very easy in the Google era.
As well there is the effect of American company
He and his twin brother were very close.
Unemployment rates sorted by citizenship and birthplace are available in Eurostat for Sweden latest for year 2015.
that name or "hobo park"
It's a good big house, BUT if I sold it, I'd be able to buy...
It's also a fun fact that the third defenestration started the Thirty Years' War.
1  ≈ 1
am now at the age and place in my life that moving to a major EU city (Paris, London, or Rome)
I would add a blue horizontal line to the middle - from one side to the other
Everyone likes cheese
>\citation needed
I don't see why the Dutch should be able to block it for all the rest of us.
Trůn (throne in translation)
isn't the nicest looking place by a long shot
But don't worry my dude
Czech society still has pretty strong gender roles.
this post right here pane strážník
Not this kind of things but we do have posters with butchered fetuses from time to time (Prague here)
Or when you order a wine in a restaurant, you say: "Two deci of wine, please" instead of "Two hundred millilitres of wine, please".
I guess at least you will less economical consequences
Can't blame you but at least I know what letter am I writing because the letters don't repeat 3 times, French looks like a gibberish but after some time and practice you can make sense of it but in Russian two words/letters can look similar or even the same but with some small thing like a line there, one more dot there, it doesn't end that way it ends this way
Nothing much
At least we formally apologized as a country in 1997.
Nice is on my must visit list for sure.
>  Or potatoes with cream and butter “na loupačku”.
It happens more often than you think, even in Western countries.
Im pretty sure states like Vermont would give most people trouble
But they call by it mostly Prague citizens now.
Difference being that sweet popcorn always comes pre-made, while salty you generally make yourself in a microwave
And even smaller part of it was stopped by an armed civilian.
Parola IT
The only tourist site here I visited is probably Budvar many years ago (and I don't even like beer)
Also I wish I'll visit Ukraine one day, met many nice people from there here in Czechia
Exactly
And still there's no trace of Hallormsstaðaskógur
Is this true
Friends definitely don't. Distant relatives who you don't see often
I was about to write exactly this
Do you have any source for ventilators
Yes
How would I be viewed if I came to Europe and started saying this?
But yeah, we're irreligous which also causes us to be fairly liberal in the matters of LGBT, abortions or light drugs
Our parliamentary system is getting killed by direct presidential elections
That's a ridiculous number
I've seen that first one in some youtube video
nude beaches are still a thing here, dozens of people lying around completely naked, kinda creepy to walk through when you randomly come across it honestly
But no one will say "buy me a tucet of ..." instead of "Buy me a 12 or 6 of.."
Yes, parody of something is protected
Shine and Septemeber = září
(And less often used rozmazlující - overcuddling)
thats the standard policy of world powers
You just go without them, and it is perfectly fine
Hey, we don't see ourselves as the least arrogant.
As was previously mentioned, there used to be a difference in how you pronounce those words but not anymore
I know one that is very religious (creationist and all that stuff) and one who is slightly religious.
Only 49 out of more than 4000 elementary schools in this country are religious
I think it would have been more claustrophobic if it was in Norwegian or like Chernobyl was in English but pretending to be in Russian
Dunno why but Jára Cimrman was completely removed from our history
You are right but It is called high school "final exam".
Edit: Apparently seeking information is offense
Charles University in considered more prestigious because it is the oldest university in Central and Eastern Europe (it was founded in 1348)
It's the only word you need, it can mean anything
0.8EUR for 1.5litre bottle (1l Pepsi is somehow uncommon here and could costs more than 1.5l bottle)
There is /r/fragreddit which is /r/askreddit in German, so majority of Germans and some Austrians and Swiss answering.
Interesting how Americans talk about their wages a year and by a month
Would it not be sufficient to protect Swedish as a regional language
For example my grandpa back in the days was a penpal with a Polish guy (they were both collectors)
Also sucks majorly for wind power
Nice example are the mormons
Greece joining the EU was 100% politics.
I always had that kinda "I have no clue what am I doing here" from Pirates
Nah, it's just interchangeable in Germany, that's why they are a little bit confused
Having a European Intelligence Service, and eventually a common police in the near future
I'd rather have another term of Donut Emperor than let ODS take the wheel
You may be making the mistake of searching for consistency in where there isn't any to be found...
OP is reffering to the domesticated rabbit, not wild rabbit
Only in written text and sometimes spoken we just use ČR.
GDPR is a bit weird when it comes to appreciation by the constituents though
When we're talking about what Greeks call Macedonia, we use *Řecká Makedonie* (Greek Macedonia) or *Egejská Makedonie* (Aegean Macedonia).
For us the _ch_ and _h_ are very distinct and the two words sound just different.
Additionally, they may throw the woman into a river (or at least a bathtub)
Waking up has been so easy since
Once Russia is a true democracy they will be able to sue the former corrupt members of their elite in our courts and recover all of their funds, as per existing international treaties.
That is not very popular where I come from.
I really like names of cities in Czechia
It takes 2 hours to get from Prague to Brno
**Olaszország -** when you play Scrabble and you got a worst letters
The fact we were once one country also helps, because we also know the meaning of slovakian words, that are different, because it became part of our culture
It creates all sorts of medical and inheritance issues.
That's [umami synergy]
She is professional, dignified and charming etc
I don't see this as a provocation or aggression, but more as a deterrent to Russia.
I definitely feel for you guys.
nah, we only hate our neighbours when they win in hockey
Actually it has to piss you off if you like fishes.
The melody is weirdly melancholic for a song that supposedly celebrates Czech lands
Well, no, they would give up their passports because the German people told them to.
Our post-89 governmental relationship with Russia basically went like this:
It's always about context and the beholder
Well the current president is in his position since 2013, so I don't know whether you mean the same person, however I wouldn't be surprised if it was him, because he's very well known for drinking a lot.
People who think that Russia could win this war using raw force are delusional as hell.
30 fully paid sick days (with doctor note)
There's a phenomenon called 'Moravian assimilation' — all obstruents (p, b, t, d, ť, ď, k, g, f, v, ch, h, s, z, š, ž, c, dz, č, dž, ř) are voiced before sonorants (m, n, ň, l, r, j, vowels) across word boundaries
So fucking what that some people either genuinely don't know any better, or are too ignorant to see that the Iron Curtain division is no longer that relevant or they're just lazy to learn a new terminology?
Kyslík-O
"On the sixth day of this month, we arrived in Prague
Everyone knows it and it is very symbolic of our nation
Does it have to be just one city in one country
Foreigners listening to Czech conversation might think we swear all the time
Halka madraaká nasadávaj a pataka, ...
I think I've seen that once on someone elses computer
Language is part of local culture and identity.
yummy
:-) and I don't consider myself especially traveled.
I am sure it's a great country.
They tried to introduce the same stupid stuff like in the US by banning guns based on their looks
I personally believe that the vaccine is likely ok from medicinal point of view
They were mislead by the omnipresent communist propaganda and misinformation campaigns
Also PM consults with president important decisions
I think it's older than that
holka modrooká nesedávej tam
I can see Croats have _Truth!_ there.
However, the name only partially caught on and a lot of people don't like it, including me
Yikes
, that law is a blessing
Well that's new
My girlfriend's uncle had about half a dozen shell casings from a PaK 38 - anti tank cannon he was using as candle holders, he gave me a couple before he died
yep, it hurts our feelings and eyes
"In this piece, Smetana uses tone painting to evoke the sounds of the longest river in Czechia
To give an example from my country, our first Czechoslovak president, Tomáš G. Masaryk, and our first Czech president, Václav Havel, were both great philosopher-presidents that, despite all the problems, kept hope in people and brought our country closer to the West
25 000 people dead from crashes, 400 000 from pollution in the EU every year, totally not a death pit
Once that power is granted, Catalonia should be free to leave (or not to leave).
Já jsem právě dopočítal IV
Now our drunkard president Zeman embarasses us everytime he speaks
As Czech I hate bread dumplings (except with  sirloin beef in cream sauce )
So the our system is:
Maybe I'm naive but I hope the party that wins the next parliamentary election could bring some change to this
I still like living here, the rural areas are beautiful, there’s a lot of things to see and do and because we’re in the middle of Europe (I know that’s technically Lithuania) we don’t have to travel too long to go to other places
I'm willing to flip just because of this issue and I consider myself very strongly pro-EU
They were sterilised after already having 2-3 kids though
But maybe it's because of the language
Bike is a bit slower but I do not have to wait for connection
Considering amendment suggested by Czech MPs were completely ignored without voting, I seriously doubt that.
In the same amount of time, give or take a few minutes, you can go from Paris to Marseille, which is over twice the distance
I've personally met quite a lot of Czechs who were doing this in Norway while I was there on Erasmus.
The place where I work has one in the server room :)
So what's the point of having it "alive"?
I've noticed Estern Europe reacted a lot like the way Western Europe did after the Second World War, kind and welcoming.
They don't want to shut off gas to **Germany**. It has been discussed million times, and here we go again
I don't even remember the last time Bangladesh was not being run by a women.
When we received support from China during the coronavirus epidemic, he was waiting for it at the airport, and I'm surprised he didn't kiss those fucking boxes
Same here
Yeah
Trus in czech means shit
] On the other hand if you'd like to have a lavish lifestyle you can have all 42 letters of [Czech Alphabet] including the luxurious *ě š ř ž ý á í ů*!
Haha, no, they were not supposed to be related
No surprise there either
That is stupid aswell, because the world does not just revolve around money
We are the most developed, both economically and socially, yet we decided not to go further due to malicious reasons such as czech kleinstädter mentality - too affraid to be open to the outside world and too comfy with our small town problems.
What exactly is wrong with transgender people being political leaders?
I subscribed to /r/atheism expecting to read some weird shit from Saudi Arabia and other fundamentalist countries where non believing can bring you serious issues but instead I have really weird shit from the US like 'family is no longer talk to me, I was kicked out of job etc'
For example the famous polish word "szukat" :)
English on a basic form is extremely easy to learn.
Also, these two are often subject of mistakes when translating from English:
I always assumed that everything north of the Baltic was Scandinavia
I read about a lot of stuff but memorizing African countries, which some hardly contribute to world economics or events, isnt that high on my importance list
Note, that I'm not talking about quality whatsoever
Otherwise I have never heard anyone making the sound, maybe it's the same way as we express growling: *vrrrrr*?
Such lunch menu (soup + main course) costs 3-4 USD in Prague.
But yeah, it is kinda weird, specially since Trump's kids are also on the transition team.
Scotch and rocks for further islands?
Thats funny coming from a Hungarian
It's not common but it does exist
A bit simplified, but basically: progressive society vs balanced society vs conservative society
They make a point of insisting that cohesion funds keep coming, as if doing it is going to make them any friends, while national governments should get more power.
Id go with politicians
For me it's the most common mean of transport after walking
Glåvna razlika jest očevidno to, že prirodne języky povstali črěz stolěťja na osnově organičnogo razviťja starših językov i narěčej, inymi slovami, iztvorila je sama istorija
Google maps are so terrible for walking through Prague, I don't know how anybody can use it
Czech Ministry Suffered Cyber-Attack Possibly From Foreign State
Each country or culture is then unique not through single traits but through combinations of overlapping traits
Meanwhile it's 20 where i live
*they have CZ or CZE in their username
Overally I often choose flying as I can't afford any other option
The persecution of certain religious figures was what it was - persecution of figures, not - as the Catholics try to sell it as - persecution of the church
It used to be you got lower (capped) the more babies (future taxpayers) you had
The higher "ranks" take care of the lower ones
:-)
Of course there are parts of the party that I don't quite like, making it the 'lesser evil' - but still I believe in the party as a whole, else I'd just sit the elections out
In these cases it really didn't sound like Czech at first, and even the word order was a bit off (when the wrote something) and also some mistakes in translation but yeah, can't really blame them hah
Maybe only "[google
It is white and cold  and called in German [schnee]
His tv show will start this March on Czech tv station owned by the Chinese
Of course, a person's name has a negligible effect on one's qualities
" etc
We have been called as their "closest ally in Europe" by their prime minister
Which is fun if you're into and yo random Czech ho
And no, it's not even close to borders
What form of goverment your country has
What I'll probably never get into though is 4chan.
I commonly get told that Czech sounds either like a machinegun, when I speak normally, or like Russian, when I try to sound good
I had a really pessimist period when I pretty much took everyone for an idiot who wants to do harm (and with that attitude, I wasnt wrong mostly) - but it leads to the environment to react in a more negative way, which supports the pessimist view - a vicious circle, which only leads to depressions etc.
We also have a lot of green stuff
We have few
He is legitimizing their actions through his own action
And since last week I actually believe it
XD If I were you, I'd just stand my ground or tell them to learn English and do the whole translation themselves
Unfortunately, the draft IMHO has major flaw in it's power distribution.
I'd say it's mostly in fairy-tales now, I can't say that I recall a current "cryptid" when it comes to our lands
I'm personally ok with asylum seekers and those we really want to integrate are welcome.
Sorry for that
Yes, there's school 1-9 grade on my way to work and pre-covid I was seeing tons of kids going in/out without adults every day
The big serpentine in the middle looks like there is a river floating through the city
More microstates= more Eurovision entries, (except for Luxembourg, saying they can't win anymore, so why should they try) /s
Especially if it weren't in native languages.
Check your reading comprehension
Also instead of devadesát, Russian has devanosto
Probably most, proportionally
Its the same here, except you nees to add pushing an agenda to the list
when you crank the water level parameter to 11 and click generate
After a quick diplomatic intervention of france and britain we stopped our petty conflict
But you have office together with Switzerland
Would switch it for a nice house somewhere outside of the city in a blink of an eye if I could tho
Its a semi automatic sporting rifle, not an assault rifle.
Even if I was a muslim and a party that represents Muslim interests (I'll get to that) I wouldn't vote for it.
Maybe to the annual red tape bullshit competition
We also have a lot of Ukrainian and Russian immigrants, which people are again pretty ok with.
I am not German (but significant part of my family is) nor Russian (But been there many times, worked with lot of Russian (and ex USSR members) etc.
But I have one for others
Of course, USA and UK can afford top diplomats and linguists.
Nippon - Japonsko,
I’d compare it to US and Canada, Britain and Ireland or Czechia and Slovakia :)
Unfortunately, you won't get to feast for long.
The Munich Betrayal, or more specifically what followed it
After all, Nitra is located in Slovakia.
I wouldn't say German is hard
I'm conscious about my internet presence, so in order to send you a picture, I'd have to:
You don’t have to puke all over it and scream like a banshee when you get out of a bar in the middle of the night
open borders in 2015 probably were not manifestation of European values, but rather a travesty:
Welcome to the club ! We meet on Monday to plot against the RF
I didn't know socks in sandals were also a German speciality
TFR of Czech republic is going up nicely.
I guess then here it's in all supermarkets same though
Have visited it three times and am planning to go again
quadrilion = biliarda
If I would pack my shit, hop on the plane and ask for job in the UK I would be an immigrant
I mean, to make it worse, people say "Česko" overwhelmingly more than "Česká republika" in Czech, it's just English where they start having boundaries
I'll ask again but I'm sure it was some relatively well known American action movie
It looks like everyone here is fucking panic buying plane tickets the fucking to italy smh
i - and also
I feel it's improving here, slowly but surely.
Their name was a bit longer a while ago (it was like half of a page long, so basically a whole program in the name), but they changed it
I like to start by growing my own power base by conquering the small Muslim states around Georgia and then swearing fealty to the byzantines, which gives you protection and allows you to even become emperor yourself since when you join you're suddenly the most powerful person in the realm besides the emperor himself
Until then it had the same control structure as West and East Germany
Which makes me one of those people
Polish drivers (usualy near Ostrava) are crossing rail even on red lights and causing quite a few problems
this FWD RWD issue is pretty overrated.
Not if that effort comes with tons of pointless bureaucracy.
Vatican, because I am too fat to fit in there
And those accents they have across Deutschland
They established large communities never truly intending to assimilate.
And still, "only" 70 000 of people attended those protests out of 2 000 000 people in Minsk
I see you love to torture yourself my friend
That is some strong ABBA vibes
* Fukuoka
>Máš za zadkem černocha
Many people believe that our prime minister is a good person and has only good intentions for everyone
It's getting to be harmfull for eastern european economies, as they are getting stuck in this low added value scheme.
Supreme Court is in Brno, but it seems weird to me
No, but I doubt an average person from around here has svíčková for lunch as well, or at least not any more commonly than any other meal
Dude would ask me "You doing something fun this weekend
Were you just lazy
yep same situation in Czech republic
Thanks Slovakia for being bros and for our peaceful divorce
They absorbed many indo-european tribes as well as huns and iranian people.
From the times he sat on the horse, he was a cavalier, truth-loving, honorable, etc, and these positive qualities made him one of the most famous in the christian and arab worlds
I am willing to admit the debt trap narrative might be incorrect
don't get me wrong, there's still a bunch of really nice historical buildings and things to see, but the commercial zone that surrounds them is hell
Back at home, I was this awkward teenager with barely any woman's features yet, I wasn't very attractive at 13, boys more or less ignored me.
They both directly imply each other: A compromise is selecting the middle ground which makes all sides somewhat unhappy, but not a lot
Do they have right for their country or it's still not long enough for you?
People don't want mentally ill to lead their country.
How surprising
The only building which survived in Hiroshima was built by Czechs and the big silo which survived in Beirut was built by Czechs too
Fair enough :D
After that they were renamed to American street, French street, Danish street etc
So not funny, didn't laugh
Not sure about other versions, but the Czech(oslovakian) original had no voice acting.
Being male is harder
Obviously most people can tell the difference if someone is speaking spanish or german, but to what extend can you distingush various european languages?
Good luck trying to figure out if it's spelled as K, Ts, S or C.
If I have a sweaty head and get wind blowing on it, it can actually start a migraine for me.
That's interesting, in the Czech language some of these are very similar but belong to different months.
Am I guessing right that this piece is something like a standard part of classical singer repertoire?
A (Cat
Look at docummentary series about diary of mercenary
We are absolutely dependent economically on complete free trade with Germany, allowing for vertical integration between German and Czech businesses
I don't know if we have a single liquor that's the most typical, would that be Becherovka (a herbal bitter)
I've grown up in peaceful Europe, so I wouldn't say it feels strange
Are there any data for rest of **Central** Europe
Scouting organizations used to be divided by political and religious lines in 1920s and 1930s, but currently they differ more by kind of activities
Oh, well, that would be just venomous snake (jedovatý had), viper (zmije) is here only the specific snake with viper/adder in its name
Stop playing the innocent card ffs
Ofc mostly it's about France, UK, Germany and then our neighbors
It's enough to learn a couple of animal names and a word for dick
They also closed the pubs here
if that's shocking, wait before you hear that it practically means the rest of the Europe (with exception of Switzerland and the micro-states) will be *cheap* for you!
Like the other guy said
Do you think they are just stupid or is it misinterpretation of permittenttrafik by some tour guide
> you give the footballer one millon euros
After some time, a chapel was built above the hole
Son of Saul (2015)
I love every part of these replies, thanks for asking u/Brainwheeze ! haha
But also Austria-Hungary
You can buy 2 and a half with a100 in this region
When my car announce last 80km, it means nothing here.
Probably because of the diet
Well, he isn't wrong, seeing Hitler as "absolute evil" is gross oversimplification and imho pretty dangerous, studying normal people doing absolutely evil things is more worrying than absolute evil doing obviously absolutely evil things
Thanks, I'll fix it
It would not make sense to claim that Brits don't like 'Central European' migrants, since they simply don't use this term, specially not in the context of immigration.
I *sometimes* use at least 1 or 2 English words in a Czech sentence
Same in Czechia, goose with wine is the best thing about my nameday
It might stop shit services like ulozto,hellshare and others
There's plenty beautiful things about Britain and noone can claim otherwise with any seriousness
Sounds pretty dope
and I could continue (I don ´t wanna)
Please don't gang up
Of course everyone came dressed as fucking Stalin
Palestine is a pseudo-entity that's not a full UN member.
Good luck doing the same in France.
That sounds like a very suspicious context hahaha
we usualy say that the cat "přede".
Train control
And that the team behind the FB page **might** not be accepting them to the group.
I'm mostly rolling my eyes about it.
Merkel like Khol prevents any potential concurrent to get to top of the party or government.
Yeah, but here only like within 15 minutes after sunset you can still read, but at 22h (after 45 minutes) it is practically dark - only at the west, the sky is not fully black but dark blue
Not bad, I live pretty close to Polish and Slovakian borders, so we can go shopping there and we can watch Polish and Slovak TVs
I thought you were talking about some intra-Schengen military cooperation.
It doesn’t seem that bad, but it’s really weird
Šulánky (different kind of gnocchi), typically served with poppy and plum jam
We're very popular testing market
Fuck you for having power, fuck you for not wanting any responsibilit, fuck you for working for the government, for beeing employed, for beeing an employer or for not having a job at all
That's exactly what they did
I don't know what you're talking about, Poland actually invaded Czech Republic last year
Americký úsměv (American smile) - a wide smile showing bright white teeth
This is pretty accurate
But it doesn´t mean that people will become unemployed.
To be honest, I've never heard that Czechs think that Roma people come from Romania...
and then sitting here for almost 20 years still don't speak Czech and mutter about 'unconforming' from other countries.
It's a tradition over here too
Because it seems they do not hear rational arguments
Most people would get lost around finding Maryland, differentiating Missouri and Kansas and stuff like that, but overall knowing of their existence and location of the bigger ones is pretty normal
- trying to save as much money in different ways
It's definitely not a big topic here.
Sometimes, there would be more focus on local literary authors, but otherwise not much attention
I feel kinda embarrased i can't think about anything for czech rep
**Other Slavic languages:** I can occasionally understand a word here and there or maybe even some short phrases, but that's about it
same here, in a simple words, around 10% is fine.
I like the monuments that are everywhere here and our colourful nature and culture too (it's mix of a lots of anothere cultures)
I was amused when Russian protesters swamped the Czech embassy and threw a few molotows (if I remember correctly), and when some Friends of Russia type group protested here
beer
We also have catacombs, one of what, 4
I probably forgot something since it's a pretty complex topic, feel free to ask
Your buddy calls *"hey man, help me out, this guy has a knife!"*
My English teacher in high school was extremely old fashioned and boring, and the only thing that saved me was already being at B2 by then after I'd taken some adult courses outside of school (and you shouldn't HAVE TO pay to supplement basic education like that)
I also blame our geography and lack of neighboring countries like how it is in Europe.
That sounds like something I'd be very uncomfortable with
I can just tell you that the guide who was showing us around was probably the most by far grim thing about the whole place.
It's up to the voters to choose politicians with a pro-EU viewpoint, not up to the politicians to try and fight their voters.
Considering the low unemployment, finding a job shouldn't be too difficult for those people
Well, yes, but actually
I guess they are not shown, because they virtually don't manifest in an analytic language like English in contrast to synthetic (resp.
I prefer to use English online in typing and writing a lot more than Czech
The only equivalent in Czech Republic are the Roma ghettoes.
I think it’s basically just you, us, Finns, Croats, Ukrainians, Belorussians, and Lithuanians of the big nations in Europe
Actually so many languages, but Polish is my favourite right now, kind of because i can understand it a bit, plus it sounds so soft, almost artistic
We also call our country "Česko" in Czech most of the times
Czech Republic to fight 'fake news' with specialist unit
Even though it could be called the first reformation in Europe (almost 100 years before Martin Luther), they were really radical and killed anyone who didn’t agree with them
Also some of the British media were informing heavily about Eastern Europeans in such a negative way that it could not be possibly described as fair and balanced journalism.
Checked what was the weather like [on this day last year] and we had a 38°C heatwave
Plattdeutsch is a lot worse to understand
This is something that stems from having mutually inteligible languages and Slovakia historically having a smaller creative base
Right, and what does medium-sized mean in Russia
Watching polish people speaking on TV I can also get the general meaning of what is said
UK and Ireland have a drinking culture with their Stouts causing others' envy
“I recommend to every body who is at least 15 to start smoking cigarettes
This is the foreign language advantage in competitive 21st century.
Unlike lazy muricans, people in Europe tend to travel
I... I can say I expected the Spanish inquisition more than this
Brexit however forces the two sides to have a real border
I have never heard anything bad about russian immigrants.
Should I spend a few days in every country to experience all cultures, or should I pick a handful of countries to spend a week at?
Yeah Cunttown sounds better
100
Yeah, sounds like it
I thought for a long time Tic Tacs were Czech until I started travelling and seeing then literally everywhere
I actually used to care about the US politics way more than my country's. Now I mostly care about domestic politics, but I'm also interested in Poland's and Slovak politics and vaguely of most other countries, even those outside Europe or North America
" to "Stop speaking Spanish
The end doesn't justify the means.
It may not be a military defensive pact, but it does wonders from a geopolitical aspect, especially with countering a parallel international system like the AIIB.
večerní máj – byl lásky čas
In czech we also to our country as 'the republic' most of the time
> If I can use it privately, it's also a benefit
They hate russian aggressive policy, but they agree on certain areas and share common ex-communist heritage.
Yeah, that would be hilarious
Yeah we do, but not with sour cream, that's an interesting combo
lot of those "old people" are around 20y old.
The UK is so true
Just another day in France
We had a school trip there
Imagine a kid in the 2050's using it to by a Cola or something thinking: "Huh, nice coin, wonder what the pandemic was like
Yes, we've got this thing called the Council for National Minorities that represents interests of currently fourteen national minorities, that were recognised to be culturally, demographically or historically significant for Czechia
Not sure about your redbull vodka, there's really not much to translate
The smartest guys are actually sitting in our government and fucking over our people.
You will be remembered
Tiny spoon
They definitely have one of the best natural sciences (geography, geology, chemistry, biology) faculty and the faculty of mathematics and physics is good too
Andělíčkářka
"Vole" in Czech
a pint of Heineken for €7
Vyspat se do růžova (sleep to the pink) - have a good sleep
citizens, 300k have firearm license and there are around 750k guns.
I went west and saw „ein zwei“ written on a billboard
Probably lot of jobs are in shadow economy(tourism, construction)
It became widespread some time before WWII because of the enormous popularity of river tourism among Czechs
I've heard way too many times as a kid that the Roma originate from Romania
But I don't think it's a full identity
cunt hooks does not like diping wang.
American english is easier to learn because in my experience Americans tend to use less words.
to reach, to achieve
But the father will not arrive and something goes wrong with the robot
It gets especially bad when I am talking about an area that I almost exclusively encounter online in English
Arabic
*Zevrubný* means both "in-depth" and "superficial".
Euronet, to be precise
sort of, there isn't a week I can't see something like 'it's called aluminum you silly', 'its truck not a car you idiot' and shits like that
They are speaking an ugro-finnic language, but genetically, they have little in common with the 9th century invaders that brought it there, instead they are mostly descendants of population that had been already living in Pannonia for centuries.
The eggs I buy are
Czechia represent
You HAVE to leave a deceased patient in the respective hospital ward for at least 2 hours after pronouncing death (because determining if someone is dead is not as simple as it sounds and there have been cases of people waking up in morgue)
> Everything has an end, only the sausage has two
From my perspective you was "genuinely" surprised that there can be a championships in other sports than footbal
He might not have been the best "emperor", but in my opinion he was one of the best people to ever become an emperor
But on other hand, she was German and didn't speak a single Czech word till her 20 or something like that so it might be an influence from there and not really our thing
You buy one for a camping trip or just out of curiosity about new ways to make coffe and then it kinda stays in your home forever
Can I hear the sound of that whistle anywhere
The guy responsible downloaded the wrong version off Youtube.
I am Czech and I am honestly triggered by this exclusion of Slovakia
He's not malicious per se and a lot of fairy tales actually describes him as a good chap who smokes pipe on a willow, goes to pub and ask a bartender for a bowl of water to keep his tail-coat wet so he could stay there and share some words with locals, often helping smallfolk in their struggle against nobility.
It seems to me that Catalans are unwilling to die en masse for their independence, or at least they didn't for the past 500+ years.
All I know is that Brno is pretty cursed
[Prague Castle] comes to mind first
It is still the Czech Republic by long name and by short name Czechia
Prague is beautiful in winter (I mean the whole year sure but especially in winter) but the coblestones everywhere are insanely slippery and most roads instead of being cleared just have a co-out sign "this road is not maintained during winter".
But eating raw meat is certainly not just an European trait, what differs is the kind of meat that is culturally considered edible uncooked, for example consider the popularity of raw fish in Japan or beef in some countries of Southeastern Asia
Aww, Slovakia
Alternatively, [this] is from October 1938, after the Munich agreement, which stripped Czechoslovakia of its borderlands, ring of defensive fortresses and any hope for help against German aggression
We flew a kite in a puuublic place
Czechia and Slovakia have 130 km/h
Earthsea
I believe youtube advertised it to me
Hele to se dá lehce zjistit
Remains of WW2 are all around where I live and you can't unsee them
I've never felt any kind of threat
Are the articles actually satirical?
Certainly less than 11 million.
The rest of movies were here too but later.
Enjoy your stay /r/shiteuropeanssay !
Everything is everybody's and no one owns anything.
Historically, our king and emperor Charles IV was called *Otec vlasti* (Father of the homeland).
We should have hung some of these communism loving idiots when we had chance but instead they are still in big numbers trying to please Russia and China when these countries brought only lies, demands and threats
Especialy Ironborn were an absolute mess because of this
Then there's Colloquial Czech (*hovorová čeština*) which is a spoken variant of Literary Czech meant to be used in conversations, and is a bit less formal, with words altered for easier pronunciation and more open to influence of vernacular dialects
> Damn the border is closed, we can't get through
English lessons are daily occurrence in many companies, but in my experience lot of people struggle, but make very slow progress
That is win for locals, both rents and apartment prices were getting out of hand before the pandemic
Deutsch Papi ist die Slowakei regieren?
If the Turk has no friend but the Turk, maybe it is problém of the Turk, not the international community?
[^(Necyklopedie — Czech Uncyclopedia)] ^(Even though it's uncyclopedia, this article is fairly informative, yeah, that's how bad kurvítka actually are
Valmala IT
Plus Hungarian society is not really in favour of leaving the Union in the first place, so there's really zero reasons for Orbán to try to do that.
My parents are both monolingual so there was no way they could do this
I mean, /r/PeopleFuckingDying/ there!
I didn't know they were doing EEG at Hairdressing Competition.
We can't really deport native Europeans anywhere.
Maybe a piece of paper with information for the test that you pull out of your pocket or sleeve or something like that maybe
It's a czech nature to skim the law and find new ways of bending it to our will
If it's not happening I'm sure they wouldn't mind a free trip back 'home'.
But even these current movements are fringe with no prospects of succeeding
About 50 students died iirc
Before him they were the largest one, now they may not being able even to get into the parliament
Not a sentence, but a word "krankenwagen"
You got that right
I would be happy if this would really happen
Lol
>the deliberate killing of a large group of people, especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group
It can be fun if you do it occasionally with small amounts
\*Cries in Czech*
Vysočina used to be our largest inner periphery before D1 was built and Jeseníky mountains in Silesia were one of the toughest regions to live in, but nowadays it's actually Manětínsko that has the lowest population density, little tourism and it also lacks any noteworthy economic/industrial centre around
People lost everything after 1948 when Stalinism was enforced, not only Jews.
Who the fuck eats raw meat
We've got a lot of them
Also, the children look at what used to be their home village [where's only an open field with several remains of foundations today]
I am pretty fine with it
Prague is full of tourists in the city centre
[Top 10 Czech inventions]
Is there something wrong with Greek sewage system
I started being able to understand movies in english round 12 pro 13 years old
My toppings of choice are always some combination of melted butter, sugar, cacao, and/or grated high-fat quark
Eventually - in the end in English
The only time where I think more work has to be done is if sometimes you see people opening up old unnecessary wounds
Yes, for same reason
On the contrary, it brings some very nice exceptions to universities, research organizations and libraries, who often operated in a grey legal area
Even if he comes out rehabilitated (which is very uncertain) apologising will not help the kid who might be suffering from a trauma that could damage him for the rest of his life.
Lovely part of the world
Returning is fine too, as long as you don't come for my family's house
My PC is quite old so I can only dream of newer games.
That sure is some dedication to tradition
Other countries' short names are more or less similar to their English/native language equivalent, despite of countries such as:
All of this played well for soviets.
5 million firearms in use, which are legally owned by 1
Are there any polls on how Russians feel about their doping scandal?
You can check historical maps of Czech lands [here] or [here]
WTF is this
Do you live in Karlovy Vary or something like Lhota Rapotina
I guess [*Vesničko má středisková / My Sweet Little Village*] It's just concentrated "Czechness".
No bullshit
Unfortunately more and more people go right to the extreme and want out.
He rebuilt Prague, found the Charles University, the first university in cental Europe, built many castles (including Karlštejn) as well
all in English
Or just don't be in charge and let someone younger than me that understands how these things work, he in charge
feel free DM me jestli chceš komunikovat v Češtině!
I dont know why every american have the ball ones
Babiš won't be ousted by these demonstrations, their importance is not in getting rid of him, because that can be done only in elections, their importance is in setting boundaries for him so that he doesn't think he can get way with misuse of power
We are the most tolerant from the ex-communist block, but we have still long way to go.
But we were talking about murders
I try to follow EU countries closely enough that I have an updated view of what's roughly going on there and what the issues seem to be
all Czech gems
So you're saying that all of your politicians are required to be Atheist
* **Brno:** Somewhat silly city with mentality of a big village, has huge inferiority complex in relation to Prague
Here in Czechia I have a McDo nearby and they announce an initial salary that I think I could live with
But they say that while a lot of places are known to exist, only a minority of them has been properly mapped and explored
Reminds me of those four geocachers getting swept away in the Prague canals two years back
Czechs are sentenced to prosperity.
Here in the Czech Republic some people are married or have families in Slovakia so people visit them regulary
Some people are playing it, but it isn't popular or really known
Austria (royal marriages, Ottokar II
Actually hitting someone from a safe distance requires practice, especially under stress
Would our bases in the Pacific count against Russia?
USA is terrorist country
CZECH REPUBLIC: Hold my beer
Unless Russia know that USA will come to help they won't attack NATO.
Check with your school if your student visa covers travel to other Schengen countries.
And as more people speak English on a better level, these barriers will slowly fade even more
We gave the descendants of bloodthirsty Vikings (Swedes) reason to find their old talent of invasions and lootings /s
this is a new name introduced to UN by the Czech government earlier this year.
The other stuff that people mention here like phones, laptops are a thing too, though I don't really need that
What do you eat and what else do you regularly do?
Velkopolska
It's from the very famous poem Máj (May) from the 1800's. I'll try my best at a translation
I would like to thank Romania for not participating in invasion of 1968
Yeah, right, so just because it's logical to act selfishly and try to get the best possible conditions for yourself and your family by lying about your age, we should probably tolerate it or what?
Another comparison - the previously mentioned trip from Prague to Ostrava would cost me, as a student, 143 czk (5,6€)
Such a terrible loss
It was definitely not based on any headlines or propaganda
Even ancient societies like the Roman Empire were estimated to have an equivalent of ~500 dollars per capita
On May 25, 1917, one of the greatest war tragedies in the Pilsen Region took place in the factory
Regarding the average salary, that is at [793 eur compare to 1092 eur] in Slovenia.
Ofir Akunis, Israeli Minister of Science, Technology and Space, thanked the Czech Parliament and the country, describing it as a "heroic act" and reaffirming the close relationship between the countries
We have to send them not guns or wheat but billions of condoms.
my wife makes it ocassionaly with her own sourdough starter, it takes some time but really not much work goes in it
Here, we oppose strong institutions (the heritage of dictatorship) so it's not really duable here.
I can kinda grasp what he says there.
Prague was always the biggest city in modern Czechia, ever since the beginning of the state
I guess that would be _jednotvárný_ in Czech.
He can veto laws
He also knows that while Putin's Russia might be ideologically closer to Hungary, it's still other EU countries which are Hungary's main trading partners, so leaving the Union would simply not be beneficial for Hungary, even without the EU funds.
” as if he was meeting there with Faltýnek to down a couple beers
It's also proven that humans probably caused the current increase in temperatures
Prime minister said ok, but the president said he won't sign his resignation, even though he's obligated to - prolonging the matter for months, eventually settling on a different successor than the socialists wanted - again, even though the president had no basis for such actions
Might be the reason us ladies have a good reputation when it comes to looks
Man, *something interesting* just doesn't really cut it.
It might take a hundred years, but gay marrige is going to be accepted even by catholic church in the future.
Win the next election or win a revolt, and bam, you're emperor
No, locals don't normally eat these and it's not even Czech, but Hungarian
Castles are everywhere
Following up u/Azure_Dawn comment - it appears that the Convention embraces protection of borders i.e.
At that point a sufficient exchange in verbal and body language had to happen to either confirm or deny point 5.
Heck, we're the texas of europe, we brew fine beer and craft excellent firearms, what more do you want pardner
This is pretty depressing to read.
Limited range of products in shops - there was always at least basic food to buy, but if you wanted some better - let's say better meat cut, you had to have "friend" in the shop and he hid it for you "under the counter" - at various times there were various scarce products - sometimes nails, or car parts or plumbing seals or hammers etc
IMHO doing nothing, pushing for further federalisation or two-speed EU only eventually cause the final break-up.
Czechia was in the sphere of HRE, Slovakia in the sphere of Hungary.
No wonder - no interesting pictures like in Yugoslavia
Wonder if both part of the city bosniak/muslim and croat, improved their relations with each other.
First elections in Czech republic after world war two
Honorable mention: Karlovy vary - so many Russians live here, [half of any text you can read in the city is in алфавит.] It's weird, but in a differrent way than Český Krumlov
Yes, that was it, thank you
At most, you'd call them "Mr
As education levels increased in less wealthy classes in recent centuries, so did their involvement in political decision-making
Yep
Even better are the Russian memorabilia stores, they are oh so great
You can put a movie on and they'll be okay
I'm pretty much the only active mod here
As for why you didn't join later...I'm not sure, probably you were not interested?
I think there's a noticeable difference
They act in a very irrational way and there were polls showing that the majority of Poles oppose these actions.
Why did army uniforms fall out of style in politics?
It's more difficult in some words than in others, and it's often worse when I'm tired/drunk etc.
This is a potato version -  but potato dough goes better with savory stuff, IMO, which can also mean stuffed dumplings -
Are they cutting the hours as well
I have problem with this institution, which caused more harm than good during its existence.
Yea it's pretty known in my circles
Even then, it would depend on the individuals.
I have a long weird history with Czech republic
>Is the football one really not the one that comes to mind first tho seriously
Right now I feel like it's 80 at least
ČT 3 is called Kmetflix as Kmet is elderly person who is the target audience
There is always going to be some level of disagreement between countries
You should check out /r/askhistorians if you want to get proper answer.
For instance a lot of czechs have to endure endless "Czech it out" puns.
Or watching grandsons digging in the mud
Well because we were part of your empire learn it well
Germans might call it unlawful exodus of millions blamed for crimes of a slim minority, Czechs might call it as an inevitable consequence of a century of clashes and, you know, the dismemberment of our freedom and danger to independence
> That's right, Norway gets 99% of our energy from renewable(hydropower)
These ecological countermeasures could have catastrophic impact on economy and our European standard of living
And if they realise they got scammed, they can´t fight back.
I’m unfamiliar with Brno slang :P
> Sinterklaas lives in Spain
Not only Yugos
Why you have toilet if you can shit in bin directly
Germans-skopčáci
That one is actually interesting, since a lot of people that came to power after the revolution were on very prominent places of power or knowledge in the old regime while the "political" faces of the regime get deposited
This should be a gallery of all months.
What your typical meals would be.
Slovakia is obviously a land without big villages
Plenty of people rather drive to a different town/city to get a medical treatment just because the service is better there
Like, if you want we can but what from that we will get
Nobody died so far and the floods are already over
We have mandatory english classes from 3rd grade(when kids are 9 years old)
Esztergom (spelling
We get most of the good stuff and some of the bad stuff.
Sleep is for the weak
68 years, to be exact, when I subtract the war years
It's usually soms foreign gypsies
Theyre mostly Cat
Perhaps:
Modern cars with small LED lights are not consuming so much electricity
In the Czech voiceover, they speak with a South Moravian accent (where I'm from), which is a bit mix of Czech and Slovak
They just provide them clothing, food and shelter
So I was checking [metal archives] and hell yeah^[1] ^[2]
Nevertheless, I've long moved past caring about it and use it regularly as it is more practical and at this point it's really pointless to oppose it
Contact lenses, sugar cubes, propeller
It's rather the print media and their internet versions which are heavily following this story.
:-) There're like 150 other English words where "ch" is pronounced as a "k" already
An attacker can't legally invade you without your consent
and some people don't say anything at all
Quite a shame
(Their mean BLT sandwich was help too)
But there is one problem - Kosovo
So it's "Český" meaning "of Czech Republic" not "Bohemian". Small difference, might not be clear for everyone, but the difference is there
Not I would care, Czech Post works fine where I'm from
I asked my Irish friend about this recently and he said they vacuumed the house every day back in Ireland
If you mean solely architecture, then you haven't seen a lot in the Netherlands.
I think rightfully so too
Only time I saw it was on Simpsons
Why
Personally, I like the idea though
If it's been indeed made available now, it makes this double funny
I would like to trade with Taiwan just to hurt that fat bloated dictatorship calling itself peoples republic
If it's true, good to see Poland going in the right direction.
Hermes in Futurama speak with some moravian accent, original should be Jamaica or something like this
But as someone mentioned it’s párek v rohlíku or klobása with bread and mustard or ketchup
Specially when it's meant tongue-in-cheek.
* motherland — matčina
We should also ban anyone entering Crimea illegally from entering the EU.
So, no matter which dialectal region you're from standard Czech is taught everywhere the same, from the same aspect, same preposition, absolutely no localisation whatsoever
A good president can inspire the people to become better themselves, while a bad president awakens the worst impulses in them
Jako císař je pochopitelně I.
3) Budapest, Hungary
I’d say languages are generally easy for me - I was tHe GoOd StUdEnT in French class (starting at 14 I think) and got to B2 with hardly studying
My girlfriend loves birds, so she's paying for my (and her parents' and sister's) membership in the Czech Ornitological Society
It is considered a capital crime for which the only punishment is death
And they do have one, they often hold it upside down
Anti-semitism was also never a problem here
No, that's just your own prejudice
Chicken is probably the most bland meat
don't exchange money from random people unless you want to buy overpriced money from some former soviet state
Knew I'd find it here
Makes, confirms, you could probably think of another word with really similar meaning :D
Thankfully today some cold winds decided to cool the Czech republic so it's nice 25 °C. :-)
Such insult is not something "shocking" or like insulting them personaly or insulting their feelings
Extra vacation above the state minimum
I guess that time, when group of peasants led by a one eyed and later blind guy defeated several crussades and attacking knights and soldiers were even afraid of their singing
And their planned buffer zone contains almost all oil rich and fertile land from that part of Syria
> Shooting somebody is also less risky than stabbing somebody especially in gang attacks as you can fire at somebody from a safe distance away
It was out of iron and the fence quite resembles curtain
Also under National Museum, due to leaking water, there is small cave with stalactites and stalagmites
Never saw any
For example, the British Museum has a lot of Assyrian and Babylonian stuff originally from Iraq
There's going to be pro-Putin supporters from Russia and USA now.
Minimum wages job only pay the minimum wage.
We have a sentence enhancer "fakt" meaning "really" that is overused a lot
5%.]
Řitka (small ass),
Unfortunately they don't have to do that to create a lot a of trouble for us.
Czech newspapers even do not try to hide their hatred toward the president
Ive alway wondered
* farseer (dalekohled) - telescope
Ah yes, It's all coming together
this post right here pane strážník
I'm so jealous
They are very comfortable
Love Actually
Wait, no, the Phoney War was the last nail
"Ah, Czechoslovakia
Tokio, Yokohama, Osaka, Kioto, Hiroshima, Nagasaki
You'll notice most of the intermediate "safe countries" have no family reunification provisions unlike countries like Sweden and Germany.
Where there is a will to act there is also a way.
Its starting furniture for starting families you will replace in few years after moving in
You can't just compare the numbers
Yeah
The Polish and the Bohemian flags are both derived from their Coats of Arms, a tradition that predates both countries
My Czech teacher at elementary school went as far as not allowing us to refer to "y" and "i" as how they are pronounced, instead we had to use "tvrdé y" and "měkké i", lol
However, I think we have to look at religion as on a practice important for cohesion and healthy functioning of society and thoughtless dismissing it without reflecting its fuctional aspect does more harm than good.
Luvia IT
5-15 is denim jakcet with a hoodie weather
That was in winter of 1254, the city was founded next year in the king's honor.
I thought that Fanta was from USA
Yeah, but what about all the unemployed young people in Spain?
Pěkný článek, též je to vskutku rafinovaná úvaha, ale vskutku jen další teorie.
Thousands of people die from air pollution every year
I'll give you this advice - avoid Switzerland.
Why
I seriously doubt they will stop, because a lot of people (see the discussion here) are still very spirited about it...
I once accidentally blocked my card when I forgot my PIN and typed a wrong number several times so I called the service line but forgot a confirmatory code, too.
And what kind of job you wish to find?
Gonna donate some to the hospitals and stores probably
dude, the hill is like 100 meters tall.
He is considered a great emperor of the HRE by Germans though
Charles University
They told us they dont acxept standard visa/mastercard and only accept some weird german shit cards
They do this all the time
Life of someone living in Holešovice or Vinohrady will different from someone living in Velká Ohrada and the rest of Prague 13
It totally is a matter of getting used to something "new" (this name is pretty old, actually)
Thanks
Surprising to me it's more popular than lacrosse; we did lacrosse in school (heck, we did tchoukball) but we never did rugby
My guess would be that he exists within some very leftist/activist circles
period
Dům - domeček (house, small house)
Ah there you are
Vatican: pope
He invented his own style, baroque gothic, [mixing up] an old gothic architecture with then-modern baroque elements and construction techniques, about 150 years before historicism in art became a widely popular thing
I don't think it exists anymore (or at least not under the original name)
Longtime unemployment is really bad.
And thats exactly what people said about Trump and Brexit.
XD If I were you, I'd just stand my ground or tell them to learn English and do the whole translation themselves
The same can be said about its neighbor Croatia.
Zeman won by 152k of votes
Our fruit dumplings come in 2 types of dough, either quark or yeasted dough
* **Haná (central Moravia):** Sort of a nice-to-live-in breadbasket countryside inhabited by slow thinking farmers
Still no sea
I left too /r/politics, because it's clear all posts and comments go only one way
- No idea about Mexican
how's the airport security where you live?
It uses very basic words "strč" put, "prst" is finger, "skrz" is through something and "krk" is neck
Insomnia
You kind of forgot about like a dozen of Czech kings that were also Roman emperors
Why do EU countries feel so much richer than the USA?
:-)
Maybe only "[google
Hlavní problém s polštinou vidim její psanou formu
Seriously, PiS, go fuck yourself.
Sweden is the most efficient chocolate to Nobel Prize conversion machine
The entire country except Praha
Like, the dude's been in office since 1994 and has won five Presidential elections before this, of which at least four were just as blatantly rigged as this one
In Czechia that's definitely not the case, not even in Prague, let alone the rest of the country.
I prefer rain AND 27°C heat
We had saying: "We pretend we work, they pretend they pay us
If you only speak English, do not even consider coming to Czech Republic.
Since these word are spelled the same they are just words with different meanings (like English means both "referring to the English language" and "referring to England")
The document you linked has the figure separatedly for domestic and foreign guests too.
cz which is in many areas superior to google maps, mapy
You don't need anything to cross the border
I suppose it sort of fits the peaceful nature of the text but still, it just makes me want to fall asleep
If you wanna know more about situation before and after, search "Prague spring" and "normalization in Czechoslovakia".
Also provincie, meaning the provinces
> and then decided to call it a day
We have had both species spontaneously reappearing in recent decades
What a fucking player he was mate
I looked into Ukrainian car market when looking for classic car of certain model that's not common here
Cons: sort of backwater with small-town mentality; short-sighted politics that can lead to deeper systemic problems in the future
Both girls and boys had to take it and each week we would cook a different type of food (fish, desserts, and so on)
So I replied in Czech that there is no need for English and the delight in their faces was the best
Edit: Many thanks to the many anonymous members of GRU for the awards
Obviously it couldn't work as a commercial project, but I find it hard to imagine that it would be a loss overall if we include other investments in the long term and the externalities of flying (also, we should tax the hell out of aviation fuel, that shit is ridiculous)
We still have haleře, they add up normally but when you pay it just gets rounded up or down
You have much more kids than is usual, and your name shows that you are not ethnically czech
Surname is mostly inherited from father (if married)
Thailand and the Phillipines are already cozying up with China.
To me it seems like Czechia but better in every way
And it is the Czech people who always crack this joke
It wouldn't be a good year if I haven't been to a different country.
chilly 0-15
France (studied there twice, for a total of 15 months, plus spent several holidays there)
>could turn into another Austria (which also had the Red Army on its soil and was not part of NATO but officially neutral
Is there any opposition to him within the party?
It makes it actually less depressing, or are all the scandinavian colourful buildings and houses depressing?
You just dont see the guns, 250 thousand people are licenced to carry their guns but they have to be concealed
Ah right, that makes sense
Which is a result of white supremacy, an ideology supported by Trump
I study at a one of the more challenging schools and we had 30 hours per week in class and then I spent entire weekend doing homework.
Trust me, I’ve been there
I don't understand the constant nuclear fearmongering.
* Karel Hynek Mácha
He will probably wonder what happened to Czechoslovakia, the state he currently loves, and I will try to explain to him why it was doomed to fail from the beginning and that Czechoslovak nation was bullshit idea only Czechs believed in
In French, Bohemian means "gypsy"
Most of crime fiction is just him in our bookshops
I've seen bigger buildings, but in from of a Flakturm a man is merely an ant, so titanic it is
You have to understand the thinking of the Soviet leadership at the time.
No, it was a joint operation of the British government, the Czechoslovak government in exile and the Czech and Slovak resistence members
I mean, you don't have to surrender...
Similarly, there's Horní Police in Czechia
No, it is unconstitutional and I still believe in basic human rights.
Also, if you have read my original comment, you well know I was talking about the historical centre, the part of the city with narrow and busy streets with a very random urban layout, not about the entire city
We can use both ways in Czech
Not entirely the same language but we've got a few with Slovaks
Like, I get it, you are from this country
I read abour irn-bru here from you.
It's by far not as popular as German, which is considered the most useful due to us sharing so much of our border with Germany.
I learned to accept the short version even though I don't particulary love it but what pisses me off is when people mispronounce it
And our Little Anus where the old anus Helenka lives
They also has the highest amount of COVID cases in the republic
And its a little bit cheaper then Netto i think
yearly bonus, free working time and many things I can't remember right know or I don't even know these exists
I mean I'm more republican than a monarchist yet have no big issue with them
It’s gonna be 30°C. I’m gonna melt
Get the Russo brothers in here
I... I can say I expected the Spanish inquisition more than this
I learn 6 years already and am absolutely horrible
I learned to accept the short version even though I don't particulary love it but what pisses me off is when people mispronounce it
Basically it is a communist version of Gestapo
some say, that Vienna is the prettiest city of the Balkans
Or the slurping of wine all day makes it easier.
Ohhh okay thank u!
The Spanish did the same (see the history of American colonization).
Of course none of that is really as relevant as the fact that we have an un-reformed Communist party sitting in the parliament and many city councils, as well as Russia who still sees itself as a continuation of that "empire", so it's not easy to get rid of any of them
That's how you get a nation of nice and beautiful people.
> Wasnt the assassination some kind of insidejob, too
You were under the impression that the UK was a utopia where no crime ever happened?
This is completely subjective, some of these are hard to pinpoint
Well, let’s see:
It's same thing, just different local name.
Although admittedly, now that I think of it, engineering wise, it should be 108824662254±149896229 meters
EDIT: [Lol] someone put there a translation for the other meaning
Seriously, this feature is attiributed in late Latin writings from Africa
* lighting rod
Nope, this is historically accurate
Stupid people think they can get away with a lot of stuff and they possibly can in France or the UK
That is the only way this will ever stop
Putin defends interests of Russian people.
Middle quite, Early modern no problem, then nothing and the last bit also not really a problem
The start of the sopran at 40:00 made me cry, the contrabassoons solo at 41:40 made me laugh.
It was a condition to continue working on KdF-Wagen/Beetle which he accepted
(but good job, I hate wasting food too)
Czech government doubles quota for Ukrainian workers
Yeah, we do consider ourselves central europe.
Another one is "Do you have blacks (i.e. black servants) at home
Yep, I've found out about that thanks to [this] :)
look where the right to vote for women or end of slavery got us.
So this is just something I've kind of known for a while but notice this on this sub regularly - Nordic countries won't pass a chance to seemingly trash talk each other for every little detail.
Some time ago I read someone concerned with the Irish survival, who claimed that the new generation of schoolchildren (gen
* Hearing it for the first time sent shivers down my spine
It is possible to have it as out of school activity and there are few religious private schools, but it's not part of our public system
But that can be used by both sides, and yet the positive side keeps winning
> On the other hand, we have "buho" and "lechuza" where they only have "owl"
Not even a letter
that's pretty shit ngl
I wanna Great Moravia back
Good but insane
Our former prime minister Bohuslav Sobotka:
Even a small fee like this probably discourages them
* *Je mi buřt*, lit
In reality he is just a political entrepreneur
-ouš is also used sometimes in similar context
Also mind that central came from people who just want to show us in different light.
The whole country is petrified at the sight of a workplace union but when a police union protects their own murderers, it’s somehow ok lol
Something like:
The EU can't interfere in matters concerning national security and this amendment directly says gun ownership is needed for national security.
Like our president is the second most pro Russia person, right after Putin
As is custom in Russia
/II
Roman remains, magnificent mosque-cathedral
I don't know about European, so I'll just submit a Czech one - *čtyřlístek*.
Quite often, when our prime minister speaks
It really doesnt
"Interesting" idea to cut the most popular EU program.
Satellites and probes
Not so new anymore
What the fuck, Poland
Thats all nice, except the fact that Gottwald pushed Beneš to the corner with threats of civil war and massive Soviet military intervention which would back the stalinized Communist party
We speak slavic language, but there does not exist unified slavic cultural area.
(banning memes, no free speech, link tax blabblahblah - what a load of bollocks)
"Mít ostré lokty" - having sharp elbows
If I want decent rohlík and not the rubbery trash from the supermarket, it's at least 10 cents in conversion
You can really stop counting us and Slovaks together.
But as per usual it's not as simple as adding -je or -tje
This is pretty hard, since the best czech movies tend to be very "czech".
Yep, mainly Žižka monument is very very big.
Maybe it's the landlockness of my country but the thought of eating most sea creatures sounds appalling to me
I’m torn about Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, Hungary, Slovenia, Albania, and Slovakia
Germany stands at about 8 000 EUR / year.
The thing about Arsenal is, they always try and walk it in!
The Soviets didn't support Republican Spain during the civil war, because the other side was fascist, but because majority of Republicans were communists
Damn trains
Pros: Getting a job is ez
What do you think Nazis would do with her if they caught her?
A typical wrong conclusion based on an average value.
I just scroll past the news that I don't care about
Here in the Czech Republic it seems that most young smokers (<25 year olds) switched to vaping.Here in the Czech Republic it seems that most young smokers (<25 year olds) switched to vaping.
That's why I tried to put Denmark in both west and north and was really struggling with Latvia and Lithuania since they could also pass as more options
What do you mean by "most people learn english as their second language so they have an easier life"?
Well, I agree that for europhillic Brits, this must be indeed very hard.
I like those names tho
Generaly I think if you'd try to assimilate with culture and live in one of bigger cities, CZ would be viable option.
Oh, I know
I really hope KC:D will have a sequel some 15years later
Yeah, that's to differentiate between that and the polish Těšín. Wouldn't make sense to call it Silesian Těšín, would it
Cry more
u/DarthEinstein , if you are planning to go to Prague, try getting [Prague Card]
Cool fact Is you can pick Jára Cimrman at oral part of school leaving exam in czech language
referendum based on 'real facts'
Trust
Even some European nations, like Spanish people, do that
Quick trial and off to jail, right
Before the communist regime fell, street names were like: Missile street, Artillery street, Gunner street , Army street
This is basically a vetting process for countries seen as high risk.
* porque == because
It also is possible to join the surnames so both of the adults have both of the surnames
Yeah my schoolmate lost £40 there and was so pissed, but we all knew it was a scam
Calin, Nik Tendo, Hasan - Až na měsíc] That song was already released in May 2019 and since then topped the chart 32 times,  and even now, 1 year and half since release is still in top 10, so we could say this is the ultimate Czech hit of the past 2 years
Invited by whom
Maybe he's a functional programmer
Yeah, but unlike crown, the one the royals have, our crown has little to no value
Yes, it went down a lot, but people still complain about "Damn skopčáci"
Serbia needs to work on itself a lot before joining and after that to see results.
Seeing so many people getting past Brno made me smile:D I'd make it to Iași if it wasn't for Murcia unfortunately
* FR: Mer~~de~~ci
In czech ,,kolo" means wheel and circle is ,,kruh" but dimunitive for ,,kolo" (kolečko) can also mean circle
If you want, reply with a sentence I should write next
There was a phrase I used incorrectly in Spanish for years and NOBODY told me I was wrong.
I haven’t been keeping up with the news so I don’t know if their excuses are valid
My best friend and I went to London couple of years back and and we wanted to take a picture in front of the TARDIS
And also our money is called crowns so that's cool
So the quarantine didn't affect my studies that much
Might have as well erased borders with Poland for more accuracy
Same, I couldn't even find any bakery with an actual bread :(
(these places I visit in asia have sauna outside and apparently all saunas around during my US stay were some undercover gay club by reviews)
Kámen (stone),
A movie named 'Singapore sling', but watch it carefully
Winter - very popular, our country teams can do some shit in Hockey, Biathlon, Cross-country skiing and Speed skating with some hits in Snowboard and Freestyle skiing
Nuclear powerplants are the only way for now
1948: victory February (communism in power in Czechoslovakia)
Nah, I like Octopus
Hahaha, check this out, i see, very funny, never heard of it before
Martin's day (11th of November here) as part of a feast
Yeah too simple probably
Normal people don't care about that kind of thing that much
I was pretty surprised cause when I lived in Ireland last year I didn't see that many either and in living in Denmark 3 years ago I saw some, which I expected, but still not as many as in Germany this year.
Blb vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč.
But with this experience you can't blame us that we look to the US for support.
That was until I visited Karviná for the first time last year
A special sort of them are lesbian radical feminists
I can't agree, I absolutely use "kurva" as a general swearword equivalent to "fuck" and rarely use it in relation to a person
If I am not mistaken Central European countries like Germany have significantly more cases of esophageral, stomach and bowel cancer that say Greece or Italy
V tom případě je to psychický problém, nikoliv lingvistický. Jakýkoliv jiný jazyk by pro tebe byl "příjemnější".
Prague's official mottos had been the "head of the kingdom" and the "mother of cities", which gives you the idea of how self-important Praguers are
You can get hurt by underestimating our (rather tiny) mountains though
I'd say it's mostly in fairy-tales now, I can't say that I recall a current "cryptid" when it comes to our lands
People were feed by local politicians for years, that EU is bad in many areas.
Other end of the country but I hear it anyway
Ale zas na druhou stranu Národní obrození mělo svůj důvod
Respect to you
It does greatly
All are used for entering and leaving
nah here as well
Where did they get New York in Italy
We happen to have an ambassador in Syria which has a good contact network in the region, since she already worked in our embassies in Lebanon, Turkey and Iraq.
Or who decides which one you go to
:D The debate is really centered around his person.
This decision was meant to be formality based on agreement in parliament
I am not one of those Czechs who hate on Prague, but if it's literally the only thing anyone knows, it becomes a bit irritating to hear about it
Well just this month first regulations on ecigs took effect so we'll see how this unfolds.
One commercial tv channel called Nova
I like it and google reviews are also very favourable
And since Germany is historically known for trying shit and the fact that they have not for 70 years is quite unsettling, I'd go with them
What I've seen in the news I would never move to Norway with children
People don't realise it, but the stylistics between the two languages is very different, not to mention Czech grammar which for Slovaks seems to be quite difficult to master (they make tons of mistakes which make them look like someone who failed primary school, it's that bad)
I would rather see high speed network Berlin-Prague-Vienna
But overall they're doing better than pretty much any other authoritarian state out there - and a lot better than many developing democracies.
just a sign, that most russians live in the past (where things were easy in a bubble full of utopia)
50 years later, in 1989, there was the Velvet Revolution — a peaceful attempt to overthrow the totalitarian regime we had here since 1948
You can get it at almost any food stall on the street
I used to think Czech politics are boring af, but after Babis took office, it got much more interesting
In other words, my mileage varies by quite some margin
Most cities don’t grow at all nowadays
I can't imagine how large your stores have to be to contain all this *variety*.
Right now it is 24 °C, which is actually nice
It is called blasphemy
In my fields it is most common, that people drink mainly when together at pub and would not have a beer at home
This is big on reddit but little to none attention in Czech media...
Svobodová.
Not cool EU
There is very little enthusiasm about EU superstate in the Czech republic.
Older people are still going to complain about younger generations, they just use "kids/young adults" instead of millenials
Haven't been to the US, but I've never seen anyone flying more flags than those guys
It's right in the middle so no one can complain it's too remote
Nato is present in the east of EU to solely deter Russia from any thinkable action against EU countries.
Oh man, I knew about Croatia, didn't know that we managed to make ourselves famous in Slovenia as well.
Not allowing mentally stable, law-abiding citizens to own guns just ensures that the only people who have guns are terrorists and criminals that acquire them illegally
Little late, but my parents watched it full, I watched a part of it
Coming to the aid of member states is not aggression.
Also traffic would be fun, and a subway you can use
For example, I think there shoul be one policy for daytime running lights
That's why there's a higher age requirement for presidency (40 here in CZ) and their terms may be longer
I can't imagine a single US scientist ever agreeing to deal with this mess, unless Macron literally delivers a permanent residence card in their mailbox.
The nicest city in our country
Yes
manual transmission is car masterrace,
Edam 30% is often used for this dish so I guess you just pick an appropriate lactose-free substitute and you should be fine.
There are also the situations where someone asks me to translate an English text and I can 100% understand what the text means but I just can't think of the words in Czech
And just behind Prague, I would say Krakow, Vienna and Dresden.
The timing of it is even worse
Of course few thousands Syrians doesn't mean anything.
Several other Roman military camps were found (for example Olomouc-Neředín) or are suspected, but there was no permanent Roman presence
McCoffee
Currently there are very few Europe-wide data bundles because data roaming charges are still alive and well.
I would have still probably written some things differently, but this definitely sounds more natural
well, I can confirm all of that is true.
In low volume, as all the current trends are showing, it's definitely going to be cheaper than re-using the entire first stage.
There kinda is though, the "ch" sound is like pronouncing "t" + "sh" at the same time
VAN
Those are Czech words
Begs an interesting question: what did Hitler actually call them
So now would be the perfect time to travel there (once everything settles down a bit more)
**Polish:** I would say that I can understand about 80% when written and about 65% when spoken, speaking slowly definitely helps
So, I guess we're even
older ones or newer
If I learned one thing in my (not so many) years, it's that every country has something interesting going for it
Proteststant church is much closer to czech mentality.
Oh, your searing wit left me speechles
And yes, the whole retribution that some Czechs took against Germans after WW2 was never properly investigated let alone punished
When I was a kid, the Disneyland could have been in the freaking Atlantis for all I cared, I just knew I'd never visit it
30 fully paid sick days (with doctor note)
Oh yes, and hemp flavoured absinthe, the traditional Czech drink of choice
[Football tennis] (although Slovaks would possibly beat us)
Surprised Slovak doesn't.
Before they were replaced by suits.
I am skeptical about when this (and if) is going to happen.
But in an ideal world, it would be a wonderful setting for an Assassin's Creed game
We consisted of two units, the larger one was water-based so we also spent a lot of time practicing rowing
We have few
they're trying to run our economy into the ground Greece style.
Well Czechs fought hard in WWI to become independent from Austria and then in 1968 and 1989 to become independent from Moscow.
Kytice is collection of poems collected by Karel Jaromír Erben
They would have to go outside for the cigarette.
V tom případě je to psychický problém, nikoliv lingvistický. Jakýkoliv jiný jazyk by pro tebe byl "příjemnější".
-0 Kč Productions (Music)
The Vietnamese joined the council in 2013
Same here
I always just buy a stand-alone AC, return it in 14 days, and get my money back
I know what it is, but it doesn't make sense in Czech
We need better smear tactics and propaganda.
Those who do not bother to vote did not show their opinion
Ahoj, jmenuju se John, rád tě poznávám. Odkud jsi ?
When in reality it’s mostly a celebration of fertility and love (like a May day, which comes right after)
this sentence doesn't make sense at all
:-) There're like 150 other English words where "ch" is pronounced as a "k" already
50% is too much
Usually it is about World war 2, anexing of Sudet and Munich agreement, or as we call it Munich betrayel
Why are you people hating on the Little Mermaid?
Nearly every street is flanked or cleft with a bike lane with cyclists going at breakneck speeds relatively to the amount of people there, creating an extremely hostile feeling for anyone who just wants to walk from point A to point B. I have been to several other European capitals and in none of them I have felt as ostracised from using the street as a pedestrian simply as a result of urban planning
North Africa was never our ally.
Though that might be because I grew up only in a few Krajs and it may be different in Morava and Slezko
Here you can own semi automatic (and under very strict conditions even automatic) firearms for self defence purposes and you can conceal carry up to 2 semi automatic handguns provided you stay away from places that don't allow them (malls, schools etc)
Every passenger buying a ticket from the driver
Oh, that's surprising, we have Billas and Pennys
Most cities don’t grow at all nowadays
Biological weapons are illegal.
What do you hear in the [wikipedia sample] (I hear [ɦɛl]) and then the [google]#pl/en/hel) (I hear [xɛl]).
My elementary school had them (since the last year I went there lol), my high school didn’t even have a big enough cloak room (1,5 x 2,5 meters max for 30+ people), and my uni doesn’t even have anything (no cloak room or lockers)
I just heard Belgium doesn't exist.
The funny (sad) thing is that the Czech's Mep surname is "Svoboda" which means "freedom"
I mean look at us - we are keeping Babis at a power
I am curious about hungary-romanian film *Dolina* (2007)
Most of the stuff mentioned by /u/culmensis was "stolen" 300+ years ago.
which would give them a great opportunity to promote the unification of Ireland.
There are only few contractions:
It's "defenestrovat".
Because it's... uhm
Avera Holomóc enthusiast
The mountain rescue had to save some lady wearing sandals and socks in the mountains
Idk if it counts because this is more of a bizzare situation rather than law, but one Czech family got robbed
Another I remember is when toddlers come to the age when they want to do everything on their own, they often shout: *"Já sám!"* which means "(I'll do it) On my own
It's english way of saying Česko
German is common second foreign language option (after mandatory English), but reality is that most people just never learn it to a sufficient level and then also never use it
Where I was, life didn't start until 9 AM
Also a well-known youtuber started to cut the locks, I hope that this becomes a tradition too
You mean Laurel
I'm pissed, but I'm glad that most of my countries represantatives voted no
I really hope this comment isn't serious.
'MURCA
Prague people to Brno people: North Slovakia
He was after military service and everyone in family knew he is working for them but no one went into details
I to gan sbeek Binnish :------DDDXD
But I never learned it properly, so I decided to take Duolingo course
They are sold on refrigerated shelves in shops and fridges usually have got a dedicated shelf for eggs as well
and one more thing, I was told I should follow some urinal etiquette which means use every second one for no reason but I don't know if that was real or some sort of joke against me
She said that Operation Barbarossa started 22nd May
You can, it's called allowing citizens to carry guns
Malta: some island, the word mean Mortar in Czech (as in masonry)
CZ: every grocery is a Polish grocery
* Muslims
I can throw my whole vacation plan out of the window, dammit.
Occasionally you can find someone who is bitter about Sudeten Germans / Beneš's decrees (our current scumbag president Zeman used the decrees against his opponent Schwarzenberg as a dirty scaremongering strategy in the presidential election back in 2013)
There were also portáši - the ones who fought them on the side of the law
Should the Czechs never trust Poles then?
Man, that was a royal PITA
Well we see ourselves culturally Central, since the communist part of our history is just one chapter and comparing to the whole history of our nation it's actually a short chapter.
Most used is 0,5l beer
Carp in bath tub for a few days and on Christmas day the carp was on the plate with some potato salad.
[here] also this website shows every last name in cz a shows you how many of those people are there and where they live
Jedině v AAAauto
I think I'm in danger of over-idealising Austria
Jasně. Pokud jsou korunovaní, což vylučuje Ferdinanda V., Františka Josefa a Karla
Probably more civilized if u ask me
That really shouldn't be so difficult to comprehend - obviously people getting butthurt and people causing the "divide in basic humanity" as you put it are not the same people.
But Miami, Palm Beach, etc are all there, no?
in Russia, Croatia and other countries their bread is pretty good.
Of course, I forgot to mention that, but people do make that difference
If you want to build the road, take a loan and pay it back using toll, if you want hospital get insurance, if you want police, just order this service the same way you hire your gas/water piping guy
People have to believe they are more than walking sacks of meat or at least there's a chance they are, because the alternative is too depressing/terrifying.
irl never, the accent is just a too obvious hint
Also ban raffles
Padesáttři or třiapadesát.
Our region is getting better everywhere, all the time, and I can make it even nicer in 700 different ways, and that’s just with my bare hands
I find amusing that there is 10 other examples like that on the map and somehow you are amused only about Scotland
* Prdím na to (I fart on this)
Yep, but in my case it was because I had in total 3 different English teachers
With this the BIS practically allowed Prague to become a safe haven for spies for a long time and 5-8 years had to pass before the new officers got the hang of it.
I'd really like to buy one, but cannot justify the price difference compared to Glocks or CZs.
He is smug enough to try to prove his superiority at any chance.
A lot of people just get beer for lunch and few more in the evening
The EU has problems respecting its own rules, like not touching member states internal security
Day 2746 - I keep trying to find the diference
Religion
There are bike lanes and shared bike-pedestrian paths virtually everywhere, from the centre to the very suburban outskirts
all I ever saw was a naked woman in her 50s walking down the street in Prague once, but there was no one filming her and she didn't really look like *material* for film either - so I guess she was just crazy.
1948, 1968 and 1989
Homophones would be words that are spelled differently but pronounced the same, like kernel and colonel or martial and marshal
[..but we are cute and friendly]
Yes and no
Yes, he shouldn’t have accepted Faktýnek’s invitation to come
] (pic's not mine, I was just lazy to go into the cupboard)
This is what I call a comfortable seat.
Oh no, don't get me wrong, I supported the settlement.
I Will for sure :D thanks :)
In 2016 in the czech republic there wasn't even anybody killed by legal firearms, despite czechia has a verry relaxed gun law
There was a discussion, and one poster wrote a long post about *"whatever, USA is way ahead of other countries anyway"*
Yes, e.g. Hermes in Futurama has a strong Moravian (Walachian
Don’t forget he also hoards stuff stolen from the company
card which are basically bank transfers too.
My mom always wanted the door locked, especially after one of dad's colleagues who was looking for him just entered because nobody heard his knocking and basically went through our house without anyone noticing while my mom was showering
Me amd my mother went to the Stromboli by night cruise and when we came back we noticed some small fires on the hill, we wondered about how the more you go to the south, the less the give a fuck :D
I could believe you that it means nothing
the problem is how exactly you will put certain question when asking...
Saying that it has *any* correlation with the data is just narcistic
Vasto IT
Zhebni = die
* anyone from the West
The ones in Germany are economic immigrants
You unlock new heroes after some acceptable time or at instant when you pay
Though don't quote me on that
But maybe I just didn't pay any attention to them
I was in Vienna and in bigger cities there's way more to do besides Erasmus parties.
I only passed through Hungary, sadly
To deport them, you need to know their home country, and the home country needs to be willing to take them back – which they will refuse if they don't have documents that prove they are citizens.
*Edit:* u/KahootGer3, you have commited crimes against r/AskEurope *and her people by completely rewriting your comment in this thread
He didn't change much, the western perception of him did
Koblihu
Yeah, I'd make twice as much money in the US, but I'd also spend 6 times as much on healthcare, use 80% more electricity, 4 times likely to be murdered etc
They paid the priests, they decided which orders to disband and which to leave
Škoda Auto Museum in Mladá Boleslav
Christ they're still at it
In a parliamentary republic (which is what most European republics are, as opposed to your presidential republic), the president is pretty much a ceremonial role
Many people still use Czech Republic
It'll take some getting used to, but after what happened in Brazil this week, I'm just glad to see we're expending time and effort to maintain our historical institutions
They should do this in China, Russia and the US as well
I don't see summer getting cooler any time soon and the attic would be unliveable otherwise
That doesnt mean Im excusing their actions
This would affect alot of jobs and economy as mutual countries have employees traveling frequently.
Oh, most of our food is like that!
As the tribes of the region took the name of the tribe living in the center, who as the legends say were namead after the great father Čech, which in some etymology means something like highlander (which is funny as the middlands are flat as Jenny), also I heard it might have other meaning , as it might be derived from the word Čejch which be the original name for a devil/imp like creature that warned the wild cows from incoming humans.
gypsy by itself when referring to a member of the ethnics is *usually* not offensive.
In fact the primary reason Beneš took a neutral position was exactly because he was afraid the red army would use any hostile action against the communist organized demonstrations as a pretense to invade to "restore order".
Even as someone who enjoyed literature, this was
It was worst war that have even been in the Czechia
That is seriously fucked up story
Look at the results, men didn't vote for her (especially white men).
I mean, carrying knives is also banned and they just keep happily stabbing each other
Never heard of this, lol
When the event takes several days like spending a weekend at some friend's summer cottage, I always bring my beer glass with me but it's not that common.
Personally, I think not much will change, because it's unfeasible to implement such a thing on such a large scale as the directive is suggesting
May I use it as a wallpaper
I thought for a long time Tic Tacs were Czech until I started travelling and seeing then literally everywhere
Your kid joked about the head of state in school
there's not much exposure to English online unless one chooses to be exposed.
As long as it gets restored eventually, I won't mind, even if the current events might incite some bad emotions in me
It's used when there's an exception for a rule
Unless we hit around that number, our inflation problems should stay manageable.
German Christmas markets are beautiful little islands of peace
Then English betrayed me with its templating powers, grammar errors happen.
Oh look, the Hungarians approve
IIRC, he wanted to call his boss that he's stuck on railway crossing.
Stop thinking that we are an undeveloped country, stop thinking everyone in the world has it better than us.
Can confirm
Nope
I was stunned the moment we arrived at the Dreiländer and things looked pretty great since
I don't expect anthem should have faster tempo or something it's not a pop rock neither metal song
However, this prompted many translators of different books to attempt to do the same and failing miserably
I wrote Czechia cause it's simpler
* **Letná:** You probably live here if you work in PR or marketing and want to live in a peaceful neighborhood, where not everybody works in PR or marketing
Ex-Soviet world was in a complete mess and people searched for some kind of stability and order in such chaotic tmes.
Bilo je junaka,
exactly, and this is not just ATM issue but shop terminals as well
Perhaps i/y in some names because surnames don't have to nevessarily follow the grammar rules
Who said it was
It’s more like he drinks while thinking of how to provoke as many people as possible and how to make more room for his buddies
Teachers learn them but not *how to write them
Nevertheless, the split was political decision and not people's decision.
Every level had a list of topics and a listening exam
The worst thing about this is that there aren't exactly few people who agree with it here in Czechia
Expansion of mortgage interest deduction system
May and June have been quite rainy as well, which has helped a lot with the drought that we've had since 2015
But if you are drinking beer guests are free to get a new one how they wish
Our finance minister is the greatest tax dodger
I feel like I should go out now
So it's free-for-all
not reliant but it makes things comfortable
the most recent is from last Thursday, was a group of tourist (two girls one boy) having some mental breakdown after they were not allowed to sit at the bar (place was reserved and there were reservation signs) and obviously manager name they asking for was not given to them
However, you could try [scvrnkls] it's one consonant shorter
Maybe regional difference, I guess
(Apparently, that's not true for younger people, but otherwise, it's usually fine
YouTube is horrible under many videos, but public Facebook pages (like government or public news) are so much worse
There is underdeveloped system regarding child care, and ironically, it was more developed during communist time.
You can translate it to different things, tho
Actually, the real deal breaker was the development of post-commie countries in wild 1990s.
What the hell does he say
They usually paint all over other students and the school building (which they must clean up afterwards tho), wet them and interrupt classes to draw more
Love this stuff
Prague is pretty diverse itself
I consider myself on the smarter side, yes.
On a 1 to 10 scale, discrimination and hate against the Roma is around 10.
It's not very uncommon but depends on your financial status too
I’d say that Heydrich is kinda forgotten, but I’m not sure
**Populist parties** - **ANO** and **SPD**. I am hesitant to put these together but they are both heavily populist and have similar voters
" but that doesn't matter, what matters is that Russia would see it as a threat and respond appropriately
Definitely the variety of swear words
I changed it to QWERTY on my computer, as it feels more natural
No politician would like to repeat the fate of Gaddafi so a mere threat should suffice.
For that, you have our thanks
I thought I'm lost forever and then I stopped shaving due to the pandemic for 3 months
Especially placement of interpunction and weird rules for capital letters were my favorite
I myself would probably not care too but my high school teacher was a Ukrainian minority representative and used to tell us a lot about what they discussed etc.
I'm not here to argue with anyone.
Lugging concrete around seems to be a forces SOP by this point
Interesting, thanks
You should look up how much baked beans the UK consumes
They dont want to be seen with these people
Yeah, for example we Czechs intentionally weaken our currency so Its better for export, And we export majority of products to Germany
I've been there at the end of June, amazing, a pity because of a fire during my stay, air was unbreathable
Hmm, maybe it wasn't Rambo
Nobody does anything else than growing and drinking wine or walking around in traditional folk garbs
> You celebrate dissolution of Czechoslovakia on New Year's day
* Canterbury tales: a bit more of unknown words
(We said
If you couldn't, you were deported as the rest.
With Brexit, the only border between EU and UK is the "border" between Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
Democrats have to try harder, there is no wonder they vote for a populist who tells them what they want to hear instead completely ignoring them because white males can't have any issues
sorry about that but without seeing your flag  I would not list you at all
Czechs are just as antisocial as our Scandinavian friends and I moved to USA 2 years ago
"tahák"
This guys ran crazy conspiracy blog (9/11 and all) before being this "president".
So, what are articles
Not anyone else
Vlajka
Kostnice = Constance/Konstanz
I live close enough to the capital to not have the need though.
Also „agrometal“ gets thrown from time to time, villagers listening to local pub rock/metal scene, would coincide with „burani”
Due to this, people like to turn a blind eye to the whole PKK and terrorist aspect, which is now considered here as something unrelated to the true struggle of the Kurdish people represented by the militias, but often forget that it is the fighters from PKK and its sister organizations who are actually behind the militias.
They would probably butcher it anyway, Czechia or not.
Nice to get these things fast
The map was labeled "The world after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia" (Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, Czechoslovakia in 1993)
With my background of educated middle class, relatively good health and general inclinations preserved, I suppose I would turn into a naive romantic historian/archaeologist/folklore collector seeing remains of our glorious Slavic pagan ancestors everywhere
without Googling for who he is, I have no opinion.
We have them here too, probably not as common as in Sweden though
While I'm exposed to Czech by talking with other Czechs, I literally don't really consume any media in Czech
Many eastern countries were for centuries opressed by their neighbours and don't want to give up their independence again
Claiming that every other country officials were 100% puppets of Soviet Union, therefore their decision is "understandable" is highly misleading and it is said today only from good manners and also to repair relationships
I really expected some Clockwork orange jokes in here
>UK's neighboring countries
The thing in the nineties was about building village-like open-air museums, some role-play events etc., but it died off quite quickly and now we are again more focusing on ancient Slavic elements.
Bold of you to include Turkey
Everyone takes a detour unless they actualy go to Slovenia
PLASMO, a very talented model maker, with very down to earth approach
Aulla FIN
. + 1 Click and pick up store
I mean we sure do like your beaches
I unsubscribed from virtually all default subreddits
That is win for locals, both rents and apartment prices were getting out of hand before the pandemic
No, I have a roof
Same  for biology
It's kinda like how we don't have a monarchy anymore, but we still kept its crown jewels as one of our national symbols and didn't bulldoze former royal palaces
It's, I think, the 9th oldest in the world, and it's also 100th most prestigious in the world (that doesn't sound impressive, but given, how many universities exist worldwide, it is impressive IMO)
You also can't use names for objects or just random words in general, this includes words in foreign languages unless they're being used as names for people somewhere
It took almost 30 years, but they finally figured out that Czechoslovakia is no longer
No idea whether that changed anything, though.
Only this week I've discovered this from a random video on internet
So far example if the US suddenly started with protectionist policies combined with strict austerity measures with the aim to get their public spending in the black numbers, then you can be sure this would absolutely affect German exports to the US.
within city limits, but the whole metro area.
Finaly
Eastern Europe I assume will be Prague
The underground here is exciting and scary at the same time
German - der Stuhl - a chair
>Nejsem ve sví kůži (i'm not in my own skin) - you are sucking at something you are usually very good at
Since it's missing, it would 1,09 for Czechia
are there any reports or statistics of if it has an impact of integration of foreigners?
Well, now you've awaken my inner Hussite
However, there is also an offical short name "Česko".
So yes, if it were important to the name, you wouldn't have it changed
* *Je mi buřt*, lit
Damn, we still have one of those, in Prague in capital city, my classroom is among the last few in the school to have those
Sauna is basically finnish exposure therapy for warmer climate
There's basically an extra mandatory income tax which goes towards paying for the (current) pensions
You can check out more youtube videos, I think there were some 20k people in Prague coming to say hello to the soldiers and the convoy was cheered on in other parts of the Czech republic.
Pretty cool i'd say (if there's open borders and no corona of course)
Nobody cares
Sometimes that's a good thing, sometimes not so much.
Well, we have our own language (Czech), but we have a lot of news about Germany and Poland
Similar with people who don't understand English in general
Are there some parts of Poland where it Is normal to eat horse meat ?
We used to shake hands as first thing at work everyday
These are usually some old sewers, silver mines, storage spaces and corridors connecting them, etc
My great-grandmother was a field medic during WW2
Anything that doesn’t harm anyone or is permanent is allowed
Why can't the EU generate a tech corporation like Google, Apple, Uber, Amazon
Sensible gun laws
He was a  Bohemian German
Nothing like železnice
We meet for a coffee basically on weekly bases
I’m not sure if it’s just local or if other countries have it as well, but we have this “last ringing” tradition
Slovaks are like our siamese twins separated after a long time together.
Hurr durr nazi salute
This kind of constructed image of our past can be hard to get over
You're comment is right on point
There's not much to choose from.
Oh man, I'm always so ashamed when stats like this show up
[According to Numbeo] you'd probably find it similar, slightly cheaper than Australia.
you were told correctly - embassies have very little knowledge when it comes to uncommon cases of people.
do not want to "share the problems" of the indebted countries.
PC however is more universal, and the whole family could use it for something else.
accusative | vodu | vody| wodę| wody
Its in a nice patch of forest and is even 5 mins from Franz Ferdinand's castle
They have stopped pushing the issue mostly, so that's good
you should update the "joke" definition in your vocabulary, mate.
In the meantime it was normal school/ gymnasium
Those are Czech words
Personally if I had that kind of money available I would get house in some small village near a big city
who we put restrictions on 50 years ago because we were worried they were emigrating to fast
Thank you Kanye, very cool
The backlash is not happening everywhere, especially not against slavic willing-to-work immigrants.
It's not a return on investment but "return to wider economy", whatever that means.
Sure, it's not necessarily about the number of days, but I think it's a good idea to gradually reduce full-time working hours
>  But even worse, there are monsters who server it with potatoes
We're earlier gen Z, and my schoolmates get wasted weekly
Some countries have private insurance companies, some don't etc
Well what do you think about czech language [now?]
Phone 1: BF109 escorting damaged B-17 (Franz Stigler and Charlie Brown incident)
This is me, but with japanese
It was inhumane decision of reckless Americans that didn't value lives of innocent civilians
Currently Czechs are discussing about **unofficial** name Czechia.
After a bit of exposure you understand everything but when you try to speak the other language, it sounds like you're mad
Yep, any woman who wears a hijab or a man who's wife wears a hijab should not be accepted in European society.
German voters will hardly ever accept that they should sacrifice some of their prosperity and share a common budget with Greece, Portugal or Italy so that so that the economic disbalances can finally be solved in a long term way.
Technically there was an independent Welsh Principality for several centuries, so if we assume that the Kingdom of England and Principality of Wales titles are the same tier, then does Prince Charles automatically get independence once Queen Elizabeth's empire-tier "United Kingdom" title gets revoked
I think the English spelling is borrowed from the Polish language, but still
Are the numbers up to date or is it outdated
Sorry for stealing all your water to wash our museum
Europe is quite green already
I mean is this is like for real?
Seeing what happened to the artifacts there, it's pretty fair to say they are much better off in the UK and I don't see that changing any time soon
It's exactly the same in Czech
Not every church necessarily has historical value, it would be unrealistic to maintain churches in every single village if so few people ever go to them, but the major or unique ones are definitely treasured
I really like Swedish, Croatian and maybe even Slovenian
That's the Bohemian lifestyle I guess, hh
But yeah, every officer is armed with a handgun, but it's pretty rare to see them carry anything more than that
The other classes were kinda meh - a few online lectures, some excercises we had to do but that's about it
Question - are Czech migrants/pendlers/students a problem for Austria?
Isn't the waste incineration air pollution captured as well
Because Moravians would go ape shit...
Not always always, it depends on grammatical gender and each of them have ["template nouns"] and after that you have each of the suffixes
The whole reason why the KSČ chose February 1948 to enact their coup was because they were desperately afraid of losing their coalition majority in the May elections of 1948
I have both MasterCard and VISA cards - and both are debit cards.
After 21
There simple isn't space to discuss anything with driver in this traffic
The Pope would have been the Pope event if there was no Papal state.
Big communist propaganda billboards everywhere
Not sure how exactly it spread here, but it did
But getting drunk is (at least in my social circle) okay
301/2000 Sb
Although, I think I'm not exactly *average case*, I manage to work regular full time (8h/day), commute (40min/day), enjoy my many hobbies (if anything, my number one first world problem is managing all of my hobbies), eat 3 meals a day (although breakfast is usually something quick lice cereal), cook regularly (prepare a proper meal for at lest 3-4 days of the work week on Sunday; if I don't it's mostly just matter of laziness) and sleep somewhat ok (usually around 6-7 hours)
The presidential election is this year
01% and most of them are in once province anyway
Exactly this
Our entrance has been barricaded with bricks a long time ago
Trust me, every normal Czech thinks it's bizarre as well
I guess it would work but it would also be very expensive
I can't live without caraway
No love here for *Finland* yet, so I'm gonna fix that.
Isn't Saudi Arabia more of an exception tho
A lot of, if those angainst which Jan Hus protested count
It's definitely not as glorious as what Prague has to offer, but Brno has its charms and gems
We got a lot of barter goods to settle similar disputes in the past.
And you can't spend more than what you have on a debit card which is what 95% of people use and call credit cards.
I am not from poland but i have deduced i agree
we went to mountain lakes and then fishing
That doesn't mean that you shouldn't be a part of the decision making on what the future of the EU looks like.
Before we split, we was Czechoslovakia
I dont know why people who have kids doesnt have this basic idea how to teach budgeting to their kids
We are not in the middle ages
Fuck yeah it isnt
This or I heard "Žere hlínu".
"In December 2015 the Czech Parliament refused to implement European Union guidelines to label Israeli products originating from the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights
We are generally not that fond of pushy salesmen.
Glåvna razlika jest očevidno to, že prirodne języky povstali črěz stolěťja na osnově organičnogo razviťja starših językov i narěčej, inymi slovami, iztvorila je sama istorija
I mean, there certainly are far more critically acclaimed movies but I think those I mentioned are more representative of our nation.
Or will they have to pay the procedure out of their own pocket
If you go along road, you can see in field, every 40cm there is a hole to nest
yeah, that's what I meant - there is no EU citizenship "*by itself*"
the ENTIRE EUROPE
He has five minutes
It’s **SVÉ** osobní věci, you fucking illiterate imbeciles
And  stay clear of the ATM machines with massive ATM letters on them
This shows risk of poverty gap between nationals and foreign.
Only partially
typically handguns and revolvers.
people in the Ukraine were starving for change during the communist era
They wouldn't even stand a chance.
EDIT: Belarusians, who live in Czechia, had a small protest in front of the Belarusian embassy while they waited in the line to the voting room
To make it a bit more clear, here are direct/literal translations:
I unfortunately have no clue what they were used for
Fixed price, mileage negotiable
As for me, Miss France can get it.
There was an extensive police investigation, the offender was never found
I do speak both languages (although my Greek is getting a bit rusty)
Well, their quality is terrible even in China
(blue-eyed girl don't sit there
benefits, but if we do it'll just be a legal procedure without all the fuss.
Excuse you
Kilimanjaro, what a beautiful place to die at
They're not war crimes, not by a long stretch.
We were usually not alone but together with some adult or someone in 15-18 age but not giving us any help just stopping us doing something really stupid
I think it is popular in the former Soviet world, because of the lack of food
But I hated it so much because of the personal meaning "our dad made up some stupidity he won't finish again and we end up home the whole summer working on something unnecessary he wants while he proudly and openly proclaims buying material for his idea is so much better than trip over the border, since he as truck driver was already there anyway".
No need to be ashamed, let me help you differentiate:
They are treated the same way as other small weirdo parties = not seriously.
In some particular circumstances, I can get defensive about countries West of us too
He joked with Putin about "liquifiyng journalists", so one supporter made him a wooden gun with Becherovka supplier (Becherovka being Zeman's favourite liquor) and on the side there is written ( 'on journalists')
You can tip more if it was especially good, or not at all if it was really awful.
I'm not sure but I don't think there's any in Czechia
Drought
While I really like it, being a non-native speaker I was really excited when I first heard *éramos pocos y nació la abuela*. Really tore me into pieces
Our current prime minister is Slovak, he can’t even speak our language properly, so here’s your answer to that
And you still usually have to come pick the parcel up at the post office because česká pošta is a fucking joke
Czechs and Slovaks can usually hold a conversation while each speaking their own language
I know just one
Macron lives in a society
No wonder, with all the Praha-Brno, Morava-Praha, Ústí, Hradubice and Asia starts in Vysočina, pyčo, etc "conflicts" I have the feeling like nobody cares for Southern Bohemia (which isn't so bad)
But I fear that is just the nature of school in the end
I don't even remember ever drinking milk so it was surprising for me to give everyone such unusual product
There’s a lot of universities you can choose from
No, in the cities, there's only mosqueitoes
So it ends up being a chance to try out what the field that interests you is like, before choosing university.
Names too long are unwieldy so are shortened
I have the same memories about 700s series Karosa buses except the four part door
And no, his dynasty was not German, but French speaking, and he himself spent his childhood in the French court, so I don't see much reason to regard him as a German
Still though, perhaps if at least 60% of people went to vote, PSD would not end up with 40% but instead with 25% or so.
Of course when our politicians get bought (cough, Zeman, cough), we can blame ourselves as well, but it's the Russian state that is to blame primarely, they're the ones who are conducting these activities here.
At that point, you could just say "a city in Germany".
It really doesnt
The system made ticket selling literally 3× more time consuming and complicated
Northern Hungary
Still, it was enough for a coup
no it is not funny that you are literally everywhere :)
But as I said, people tend to underestimate deadly knives can be
It had paragliders drawing the Lithuanian flag on the sky, NATO jets flying over, some Lithuanian bands playing, some important people sending their good wishes to Ukraine and such
This is actually not entirely correct
... and that's just a few of them
EDIT: fuck me, Nagano
German police prevent massive terror attack "in last minute"
Yeah, but most of what you consume is consumed in Prague
And as far as my experience, this is plain to see to anybody who has traveled through this region
The law says that the president can only be prosecuted for the great treason, so defamation is ok
Honestly speaking, knowing that I could just stand on a side of a road, have a smoke and browse reddit for an hour wouldn't deter me from speeding again
your food culture and fashion sense gonna suffer, are you ready for Sauerkraut and socks in sandals?
There are simply too many jobs where this isnt easy or even possible to do
It's good that they're trying to implement policies like this here, however i fear that the taxes will raise and it won't help unless other continents join as well
We call the French ones "normal" or "standard" (didn't even know they are French)
But you are right, sometimes we have a syllable with no vowel, but r or l instead
Old buildings were built centuries before the asbestos invention
And soon, Austria will be no more
Or more vulgar:
1/3rd of central european population dead
Yes I skim to czech answers, but I read few upvoted answers aswell
I guess I should check it out then, I've seen a thread (I don't have a link now) favouring HoverZoom+.
Comparing just comfort, trains would be the best
Frankly, they won't be missed too much either
Both of that is a cold war technology.
I love how you guys decided to dub the whole thing (which is kinda weird, because the characters are mute in the original version), but keep the original title "A je to!" in Czech and have the characters say it everytime they get the job done.
I was a member of one such group, but not the "proper" scouting, so maybe someone who was can elaborate further
No permits needed, just go to the nearest forest and try your luck.
Welp, dunno how they logically deducted that it's not a murder considering during at least one of these defenestrations there were people below with spears pointing to the sky
About [this] Left is from outside so no need to lock yourself
Tons of people here live on a super early timezone, starting work around 7am and trying to get home as early as possible
My favorite example is year 1973 in Czechoslovakia, when a lot of catastrophic things happened, but a lot of them was censored or just partially reported
For example I'm Czech and I would love to see our most prized and unique historical book Codex Gigas, but the Swedes stole it and don't want to return it, so now I have to travel to Sweden to see our national treasure
It's common to use a fixed point in time for comparison, so that inflation doesn't bias things.
can't say it in one word either, also not specific to parents, just "entitled"
Come on blueberries,grow
54% is Bohemia
Yeah, sure, but 95% of us just sit at home and enjoy the day off
Yeah, I had a brief unit on formal logic in Math at the beginning of Czech *gymnasium*. It's a part of the standard Math curriculum
Czechoslovakia: k, got u fam
Isn’t it like 5% of people owning the gun
55 million and it's fast growing, although surpassing 1
Country police has much more rights and is the "important" one, they handle more important/bigger crimes, while the town police does a small things for the town (patrols, helping children to cross the street infront of the school etc)
Lot of Easter and Christmas traditions are disappearing
Minimal pairs such as „lež“ – „łež“ and „spal“ – „spał“ are found there (which are obviously both homographs and homophones in the standard language)
I just don't get it
And a friend of mine for example has been dating a guy 15 years older than her since she was 16 and they're still happily together
Plumbers, electricians, gasmen, bricklayers and other tradesmen who do house repairs and installations are usually very well off
Like Beltane (Walpurgisnacht)
>Exactly, a buffer state, therefore it is not worth it to occupy it
Rest of the year we spend our time in our clubhouse at the sort of scouting/free time complex on the edge of the city
Not just if YOU got the most of it
Museum Of Public Transport
United Tumors Organization, tumor and nation similar word in SK.
The word "bière", like "beer" in English, was adopted with the arrival beers brewed with hops
Definitely wouldn't connect it with our "Chorvatsko".
Highly recommend it for everyone.
They will forget you as soon as they get off the metro
I guess it will go same with Czechia, in a few years, people will get used to it.
Because of a very negative feedback, she returned to original English names in A Dance with Dragons so AFFC remained only as a bad memento
France (House of Luxembourg, post WW1 allies, art influence)
You can throw in to the sea and expand the state
Meth - japan
I would say [Krok's] daughters Kazi, Teta and [Libuše]
Nope
About 25%.
Either the person only understands phone apps and that's about it, or sits at their pc all day and can troubleshoot most problems
People always rather use their native language than english.
Yeah it wasn't betrayal per se, it was total incompetence of French third republic in general
You can buy hollow points if you have long guns but not just a pistol
we would have nice beaches on the border
Do you like names of cities or towns in your country (in your country's language) and do you like it in English
Then I became intrigued with the country
Czech finance minister who is economical immigrant in czech republic says there is no place for migrants.
Kingdome Come is such a awesome game
Slovak - absolutely no problems, though the eastern dialects can get harder with muttering
haha that's cute
Prague Castle, Charles bridge and Vysehrad(older castle in prague)
I had flights to northern Italy, and I got my full refund PLUS 75€ from collibra
05 here
So, church should be happy, cuz there they have new souls.
Yeah
Either you accept that your country and ancestors did disgusting inhumane things in the past and make sure that it will never happen again (like Germany), or keep denying it, because in your heart you feel it's justified (like literally every 2nd Turk here in comments)
That's the reason why we sometimes call Germans "Skopčáci", which roughly translated means "[people] from the hills" (obviously hills is an euphemism in this case).
I don't think an amendment from 1789 can be called "recent", even if its ratification was completed in 1992
They have to decide, which goes first and then the kid has only the first surname
Yes, [number of them] *National parks* are usually unique ecosystems, only partly accessible to turists.
Yeah, but few people mentioned it already
\**cries in Czech*\*
I wouldn't mind spending Christmas in France again and stopping in Paris along the way, but that would be just a side effect of visiting my "in-laws".
The ultimate disrespect
Sounds like "hospodář" which means householder or someone who takes care of property
(which doesn't mean the Poles shouldn't return Kladsko to us
Nice tune
I would say it's very difficult, since it CAN be used in both ways in the exact same sentence structure.
Everyone knows Reis was the first one
Coming from Moravia eh
Just change _tube_ to _pak_ in an youtube URL
But honestly all my tries were on some multi lingual product labels or leaflets out of pure boredom so I know what I am looking at from other language versions
Ich bin ein beach bum
> basically the kind of handwritting most people came to on their own anyway
What I'm used to is [dumpling and hard boiled egg] But then there are weird people who server it [with meat] Not my cup of tea, but I can understand wanting meat
No, public schools generally don't. They may have it as an optional class if a certain number of parents request it (or if the whole school is run by a church, then they obviously can make it mandatory), but it's very rare
It's easy for the Chinese to do things right without having to hold elections and listen to their people.
Hroby (graves),
I'm very much proud of how our own government dealt with the issue (imprisoning all "refugees" for a long time until their asylum request is granted, almost zero financial support, extreme prejudice from the locals) and wish other European countries followed up as well.
Iraq is not Germany's ally, not by a long stretch.
Well, the fact that it decides to randomly disregard its own rules kinda worries me
There is no "moderate" Islam , only Muslims are more or less lax or more or less zealous or more or less hidding their contempt to our society and its morals
Maybe if they were cremated
If has lots of different faculties (from sciences to theology)
Yes
If one person said the food is bad, it might be anything; if one hundred people said the food is bad, you'd better believe it's bad
I was scared and smoking his joint too just to make sure he didn't get too much of it
Couscous, the semolina pasta, is called kuskus in czech
Its pretty simple christian party has consistent voters and current coalition rather teamed up with them than previous government party.
I got C2(native speaker) certificate when I was 17 and most of my classmates got at least C1 as well
No, he clearly means liberal, since we're not in the US
Also somehow they import immigrants to europe because they are on it with Soros, with more docile population and shit
Probably ODS/KDU-ČSL/TOP 09/STAN coalition for the next Parliamentary election
I have Gmail is for spam and other bs and my Seznam account for serious emails
I love them
I literally have no words
Gosh it is hard, when we have ,,words reffering to people" build in pronouns
TLDR: They love their neighbours more now.
Yes, except our current president so it's a bit controversial
Many of those who left were employed and many were highly skilled as well.
> Apparently you can't disable it
It’s tourist trap if it is local or European cuisine
I would say that Czech and Slovak language a re great answer to this question
Damn you just reminded me of it
The Habsburg monarchy would probably be allied with the French empire for the time being while waiting to stab in the back at a convenient moment
No food until the big Christmas dinner
You can carry pretty much any other weapon openly though, even things like swords, if youre 18
There's no other way around it
I'll give you a kind of a Czech answer - letting minors drink in bars
Shoot a gun and everyone within miles knows about it
Freedom to run business in every country and sell your goods and services across borders without any restrictions
I don't understand that statistic at all, they aren't a much visible part of out society here, so there's no reason to hate on them imo
German and Czech have both 3 genders so it's a mess.
Jaromir Jagr & Karel Gott
Nothing much
This is not how you make an objective graph thought
Thanks my fellow neighbor
Feature and lynx = rys
Being a fan of Florence and the Machine, I actually first heard the term "adult table" in [this video] and I thought it was a joke
The family ended up fined
You just need to get a bit closer but once you are within reach
I suppose Iceland and Malta/Cyprus could be omitted if I wouldn't want to make the trip take twice as long.
The heir will inherit both countries
And it's not like I've been to that many universities :)
The pro-EU propaganda circlejerk on this sub is real
popular vote is meaningless because both voters and candidates are familiar with the system and vote/run campaign accordingly.
Ours was secular, centered around intelligentsia and artists.
Those old farts are doing just a mess for some time
I think we should be far more aggressive against China
One quickly adapts to the spelling, and I have enough exposure to German to survive some declensions more resembling German than modern English
He was from Slovácko so his ethnicity was a bit of a mix
For historical examples of that sort of thing, see the Korean War and the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia
Babis is only pro EU because he funnels the funds from it into his own companies
It's weird
Why is the food there so popular I can't understand, probably because only competitor nearby is mcdonalds or so due to ikea stores locations
Besides, I don't believe a federation that consists of bickering nationalists is going to do very well
Ah yes, Semir Gerkhan as the main cop antagonist
The daughter travels to a deep space colony,  but when she arrives her parents aren't there, only robotic grandma, who will say her that her father will return at 1:30PM
už vím jak se Karel Gott cítil když přebíral Slavíka číslo 46
My father has almost like a phobia of even trying it - he was a stay at home parent for some time when I was a kid, he'd do all the cleaning and everything else around the house, but cooking was still up to my mom
It's resisting the [fundamental country force]
Us in EU can actually afford chairs.
They wrote to each other about their shared hobby, then they invited their families over to visit their respective countries, spent holidays together etc
Do I understand it correctly that they have a big display there showing when you can leave
But I go to Italy
I would add that the the standard age for entering school is 6, but 7 is common too
Apparently both poles and slovaks have rights to produce it
But I'd probably view it differently if I lived there all my life, to be fair
Your example happens more regularly, but it really works both ways
And here I was in another thread, complaining that Tesco stores are inconveniently large, because it takes like 2 minutes to walk from one side to the other
Never heard that Prague was a "party" destination
etc
So I chose him
The more I learn about Estonia, the more I like it
And ordinary citizens don't really ever get *cat.
Áj ként spík ingliš.
Or ate a poison
The exact location is never published, because I suppose the people who know about them want to keep it free of the homeless, taggers, drug addicts etc
cold - up to 13
She is also saying things like, there is now relatively high temperature minus 11C° (don't remember last time were it was so cold, I nearly haven't seen snow this winter but I don't live in the mountains)
>!Seven: the front one, the rear one, 4 ends on the sticks, and the last one when you bring an end to it
Rakousko Uhersko
I had ouzo in Bulgaria and thought its more like east Balkan drink
Although I'm pretty sure they really didn't know much about 1950's Czechoslovakia
Yeah, dedication, it takes some dedication here to get a licence but then youre almost free to buy w/e. I think the main difference is that the Czech Republic still isnt exactly rich country and guns were almost impossible to get for most people some 30 years ago
Gloomyness and desolation are Ireland's two largest exports, after all.
If tourists, we don't really have a stereotype about them.
My problem with this is that both sides are active on social media.
Jan Žižka, Czech general from the 15th century
I don't mind it too much, personally
A bit of etymology-
In a universe where Austria-Hungary existed and pretty much all HRE Emperors since 16th century were simultaneously Kings of Hungary
So what happens is that the local construction company needs (examples) clean-up crew and helpers.
Bullshit
The main difference is that there was no war on American soil and as such, USA could concentrate on providing supplies, support and eventually launch the Normandy invasion.
He refused at first, he tried to contact his commander, but as one soldier with rifle against tanks he had no chance but to surrender to them
I don't mean to offend but even Czechs know that eating polish meat is kind of like a russian rulette
one day, you'll look back and laugh at it.
It's time for millenials to take over
Well you should have an ID on you, but it's not like you're going through some border checkpoints
I'd say green ones
If I am correct our passive radars were used to shot down your stealth F177 during Serbia war
Be considerate; reading is all Greek to them
We should incentivize shorter hours, more PTO, and also come up with a realistic UBI scheme
Not really, but the prenounciation Is quite difficult to learn
Czech Republic is divided as well
Being tone deaf never stopped me from professing my fondness of alcoholic delirium through a rude song
Not sure if and how it can kill you, but animals which keep more tend to live longer
Praha being the only blue in whole Czechia is hilarious
Not a fan
But Finish nature is awsome and you can have some untouched places, unlike middle europe where you will find village every 5km
Sweden, are you ok
Maybe the StreetView photo is somehow geographically blocked
not anywhere, but it's not like Večerky and pubs that serve minors are rare
Prague was the capital of the Holy Roman Empire, Europe's largest and most powerful medieval empire
Just anywhere
For me, it is France
There are several multiple classes of gun license in our country, they're A, B, C etc.
Or e-mail, but mostly just mail
It's only a matter of time before the Swedes become sane again.
Who knows, but I'll be banned just in case because the site I am uploading to wants to pre-empt potential lawsuits
Also Josef - Pepa
Instead of těžčí, the correct form would be těžší, but the pronounciation would be basically the same
Yeah, it's mot that hard
I am living proof that piercings are not a problem and I've never had any issues during job interviews (male engineer with a septum piercing and 10mm tunnels in both ears), neither did my university educated friends
my French partner is always kinda horrified when I go on about my love of fruit dumplings :D
What's brexit
Both groups are absolute scum
Not a big fan of this country but nice to see a different perspective
In some contexts whole Europe is Eastern Europe!
Which is something hilarious of course, this whole famine
> Hungarian flag
"Silent/calm like in Siberia" (Ticho/klid jak na Sibiři) is a very common saying
My wording is kinda bad
The fictitious weather reporter looks more real than the bottom one
Water which is not salty
You might want to visit Italy
The smart owner already bought another ruin to move you into
It's made Warhorse Studios which has let me see \*rustles through the 1st page of google you could have fucking looked up\* oh you know, 131 employees
The other V4 states will pressure PiS into seeing sense.
Thanks for this video, I think that it shows a very important thing that is often overlooked when the topic of muslim integration in Europe is discussed.
Exchange offices rates can be unclear or shitty
The thing is that if a criminal or a terrorist really wants a gun he / she will always manage to obtain one.
But then, I live in a city of 400k and I don't even know my municipal politicians at all, maybe I just go to the wrong saunas
If we start returning works of art, should we also go back to 18th century borders?
but were complete nonsense
And if Republicans nominate somebody competent in 2024, they have good chances to win
Sex trafficking
Teramo FIN
They destroyed the Grand Armee.
Islam and the other one tend to be kind of difficult to distinguish for a stupid atheist like me, at least in these matters.
Seriously, people in IT nowadays have a very good time over here, in other fields the conditions are way less favourable though.
), also there is free roulette, poker
You are right, the languages are so similar, that some people even said there is no czech language and slovak language, they said it's czechoslovak language
If you have two names you have an obligation to use both when communicating with authorities
(he voted to abstain, but I'm pretty sure it was our pressure what changed his mind, because in past he very much advocated for the directive)
I realize it's hard to read tone, given that this is the internet and it's your second language
* **Žižkov:**  The Republic of Žižkov", a bit rough, formerly proletarian (and proud of it) quarter, best pubs, but you have to dance between piles of dog shit to reach them
Vernio FIN
This graph shows generation, not consumption
Uhhhmmm
Ok, perhaps there are people who mind.
That plan was stupid from the beginning, anyone who looked at the situation realistically could have seen that.
First Eurovision, then EU, then your bedroom.
No, military police is rarely involved in civil issues
You just paid less for something.
Licor 43 has very fond university memories attached to it
What's there to see
Why on Earth are we having this conflict over a bunch of **foreigners**?
I could go to slovakia, pick up first person i meet and have endless coversation in which I would understand 99,9% of words
I think few meters below there is Džirlo’s cafe and tea room
I don't mind banners that aren't hosted in third party servers and have no animation or sound, anymore than I mind printed ads on a magazine.
eh, yeah that’s it
Unless it means "had English in school in some point in their life".
Yup
I've been there as a teenager and I loved it
Another honorable mentions: Strakonice, Břeclav, Moravský Krumlov
[This thing] is also absolutely legendary and I know people who can quote it perfectly from memory, but it's not really what op wanted
Never heard somebody say "to gmail somthing"
Hej hej tatarák je chutná božsky
Conveniently omitting numbers 14, 15, 500 and all ordinals
Where we lack behind is political participation and political culture.
* **Outskirts in general:** Urban sprawl of former villages consumed by series of ugly family houses built en masse in the 1990s. People just sleep here in their mortgaged homes, then drive to the centre where they work
However, the list of "existing names" they use allegedly has around 17 000 of them, so it's quite rare to pick something outside of that
>What are the most popular foods in Czechia
That does not make them socialist by any stretch of the imagination
His parents have also been very chill with me, I expected to be judged for some things about myself, but not at all
They are trapped, often landing in drugs or prostitution.
For people who don't follow the election and the candidates, what are the main differnces between Juppe and Fillon, now that those two seem to be the likeliest to win?
Well no, my point was, is there actually anyone claiming otherwise about Mozart?
thank you
Several districts of Paris are close to being a 'no-go' zone because of the rampant street crime.
I guess I got my answer
Totally worth it
I'd never had a 'thing' for French culture, never learned French in school or anything like that, it was completely random that we met while we were both staying temporarily in Germany
It is also important to say that Czech Language distinguishes 3 genders (masculine, feminine and neutral)
I almost feel like everyone here really think we only have 8 years left
You guys had it available
> "important" one
r/mapswithoutprague
Imagine you are so small in your mind that you have to bully a 13yo sister of a girl who is litteraly just saying that the planet is fucked and noone is doing enough to save it
we have these everywhere
Spongebob was the same, in German first, but since I understand only little German, it wasn't easy to watch it
We had "Technical Drawing" which was actually engineering drawing for a year in the second to last year of elementary school
like the rest of the Europe we use truck for something different.
We don't hear much from them
It already melted :((
I am sure it is going you well :) Do you have a Czech heritage or are you just interested in Czech culture
What are you proud about – that so many girls here end up in a highly exploitative industry where people's future lives are easily ruined
Climate change denialism is widespread
But I guess I'm easy to please
But I don't think it has any chance to be a large trend.
The landscape of Iceland
[Žižkov TV Tower] is taller (216 m) but it's officially not considered a building.
I love octopuses and seafood in general
In English Ales (brewed without or with very little hops) and Beers (brewed with hops), to the point that they were taxed differently, and IIRC, that distinction still applied in the XVIII and probably even in the XIX centuries
Which would probably play into their whole concept of Assassins (Hussites) and Templars (Crusaders)
I only ever bought milk for baking or porridge, before switching to "oat beverage". Plain "real" milk always tasted gross to me, especially full fat
Czechia
Gotta invent a new drink, Trockij on ice
McDonalds style where they put more ice than the drink in your glass is not very popular here.
A friend of the founder lit up a fire to form a smoke signal, that alerted the founder of him finding a better place in my country than the founder found
Czech and Slovak are like brothers
If you haven't been positively indoctrinated with something, especially in childhood, your chances of having an "us-vs-them" mindset appear significantly lessened.
Basically, the old language is mostly understandable by Czechs
Nah i think your meaning makes more sense
It usually starts in secret underground dance club, when hacker meeting went wrong
And he already claimed he is going to be creative with interpreting the law after next parliament elections
Czechia is a nice shorted version that I'm still kind of getting used to tbh
Both are better to use at room temperature anyway
Yeah, I get that dealing with immigration authorities can be difficult.
Similar west slavic tribes in the area of CZ and SK during great migration.
The rankings -- which are based on access to contraceptive supplies, family planning counseling and online information -- reveal a very uneven picture across Europe.
1968 was invasion of commie rulers, decided by Soviet Politburo in its Breznev's "imperial era", not by common Russians (or Poles or Hungarians, etc., for that matter).
The less of violent crime
But in general, it's usually CEE countries that I defend because I feel like they just need it more, in the sense that they are more often a target of retarded misconceptions and prejudices
[A Habsburg] would be the strongest claimant over Bohemian throne, but we used to be an elective monarchy back when we considered ourselves an independent kingdom, so there could be some shenanigens if it was to be restored (which won't happen of course).
Kudos to you
It's parodied at the beginning of [this video]
Irish names of places always sound for me like some names in the Lord of the Rings
Just for the good measure
this, EU should not interfere with inner politics of member states.
Linda&Hanka
I don’t mean it in bad way
don't get me wrong, there's still a bunch of really nice historical buildings and things to see, but the commercial zone that surrounds them is hell
If you want to understand the Roma problem, start with googling images of romská osada (=Roma village in Slovakian).
It solves the problem but that just sounds funny
It's not about a lack of plumbers, it's about creating an abundance of lower qualified job seekers so that industrial companies can continue underpaying them
But I have to agree, he is cute
Especially the Brno slang
They were soldiers fighting war
Winter blowed in opposite direction
Thank you so fucking much, Oxford dictionary
>Its sad that the US actually has something called 'Gun Culture'.
Yeah, that's true, but the scale and the whole context was somewhat different, because it didn't affect active politicians.
Many politicians we have there currently, have to go.
After some time, a chapel was built above the hole
I don't think so, after all, it was 81-75 years ago
Because electronics are more expensive here, and Apple products even more so, so most of us can't afford Macs
If you're Italian, you're allowed to
Seems Erdo missed that defensive part when he provided Russia casus belli to roflstomp him
But they are official and you can vote them if you want, but that party is a joke
All of this would take plenty of work, but I believe it's far more suitable to better the life of the average European, solve economic problems and unify the continent on a very personal level, than migration.
It was quite disconcerting
So much time has passed since then but the memories on playing Donkey Kong (1,2,3), Super Mario World, Mario Kart, Zelda: Link to the Past, Illusion of Time and so many more are something I will remember possibly forever.
As a Czech, I'd like to point that we didn't really have a choice when it came to "collaborating", because *somebody* thought it would be a good idea to sell us out and give Hitler our entire fortified border region, hoping it would appease him somehow.
The totaled cars are sold to Poland and repaired
Kladivo
Oh no, i think the german presidental election is a wonderfull example for how democracy should be.
Glad we live in modern times now.
There isn't anything we could call a revival.
We have the same but with camel
From time to time, other intelligence services join the battle
-Velkej Kápo (Comedy news)
Then there is a long car chase through the city with use of automatic weapons
I think few meters below there is Džirlo’s cafe and tea room
Slivovice is ours
First thing needed to mention is that the Party had a massive membership base, something above 10% of the population were members
Demographic projection for year 2050 forecasts our population, you can guess, at 10
Especially the ever-present surveillance and Internet censorship.
Again, it's mostly only the old people who are nostalgic of communism and it's very rare to run into someone who'll you get into a heated argument over it with
this sentence doesn't make sense at all
I don't actually believe it will happen anymore
My country is pretty fat :(
Sigh
Someone is even killed with cello, which I play
I saw [this post] and it got me thinking.
Since I have octopus phobia, not exactly appealing
So I looked into this and there seems to be a "long and short scale" for English
I can understand moving the to Germany
Major events get some media coverage and we even played it in school, even if not often
Half of my class in good grammar school was only B1
Wassup Slovakia
We made it, hell yeah
Theme song about spreading schnitzel is Radetzky Marsch ;)
I refuse to recognize this as music
Read my comment again
*instead of home made booze
we are ordering that shit, that's why
It is similiar to German though, “jednadvacet” is pretty much directly translated from German: “einundzwanzig,” where, if you are describing a double digit number, you first write the number, that you would write second if you wrote numerally
Year by year is Russia less capable of war, because their systems are old, they don't innovate, and they lost credibility on the world stage.
When I was there a guy drove me for couple of hours
The second choice would be Germany
Calling them by their surname would be considered as quite rude
Until Magyars fucked our shit up,
Yeah, I definitely wrote that in the most optimistic voice I could muster
That beer is literally cheaper than water.
Can someone tell me why it's built that way
It's something in the way they speak
I love the two dudes watching them, like: wtf are they doing.
What's the word
5 rolls, some rip off candy bar or tatranka/horalka
We just have people from Brno, who set their city as a legitimate rival of Prague
Budapest
Extra healthcare
But just make it legal for gods sake
Damn, as somebody who likes mead I'm dissapointed now :(.
I swear the amount of Pražáci on holidays here kills me
In the Balkans, they often end with -ić for both men and women, but for the rest of the Slavic (and Baltic, excluding Estonia) countries this applies
Whoa, I'm all for some fun pokes at each other, but I don't wanna get murdered by a drunk would-be Soviet at a party
Liquid bread
Maybe make them unbuyable with real money
Narrator should have spoke Trump-style with an Australian accent.
", "2
It was quite shocking
I think we are (or were) selling some electricity from one of our nuclear powerplants, Temelín, to the Austrians
And if they don't, they can always find at least one mutual friend
That's crazy
I remember those times
they're white
And Scotland voted to remain, but it wasn't enough for the UK to remain in the Union, so
Interestingly a lot of austrian foods already feel like at home here.
this just reminds me, that we are on subreddit which is 90% hetero male with average age around 21
gosh, another self proclaimed border changer.
Oh, yes, the amount of brown fat start declining relatively early in life
Hrát na nervy (play on someones nerves) - be very annoying
And the original Romania should be Romania V.0.
Most people will probably recognize the name of most them maybe with the exception of like New Hampshire, Rhode Island and some of the other less relevant states
No wonder, Germany is hungry for them.
If some languages differ from English in the naming of some country, how do you tell whether it says something about those languages, or about English
Those were about equally sized towns which should be obvious since I'm talking about studying at a university
cz" both of which do investigative journalism
But you gotta realize that Spain should be in GMT+0 timezone, but they decided to be +1 with majority of Europe
Cyclopaths in Brno and Jihlava are good
I'd never had kfc in my life up to that point
So I looked into this and there seems to be a "long and short scale" for English
North-east of Spain, mentioned in the first verse of "Chancon de Roland":
But I'm not quite sure what we have
I mean you get all kinds of people in internet discussion, including people who write pretty radical shit.
You need to be an equal first to be a rival
You're making this a notorious "Nikola Tesla" hassle
Completely lost interest after the first season
The christian party has very variable results in each election.
> I don't understand how you can be a manager in a company and *not* realize this
Do you call  Kenyan who speaks english English
But they are official and you can vote them if you want, but that party is a joke
Lynxes are extremely cautious and do no damage (unless you count a chicken there or a small deer elsewhere)
The Czech Republic is culturally divided into 3 main areas - Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia and there are so many different slangs
Look at my country, for example
/r/politicalhumor tier
* Božena Němcová
Also, our politicians don't behave like the ones in Scandinavia, they would exploit the system for themselves.
Ah man, that sucks, hope you get well soon and catch up
- Egypt
Jan Hus liked his with ice cream and sprinkles, as is tradition
> Is tovarish a lost word or do you have other uses for it
I am from Brno, the second biggest czech city.
Here, you just go few steps outside of path and nobody cares if they see your back
Tbh, Lavrov is an awesome foreign minister.
thank you for producing of such a fine cars, my beloved neighbor
Now when there's snow again, I'd only get corona on a bus
that's not a homonym, they're pronounced differently
Of course, the rent scales up as well.
If you think individual nation states would be better off alone, fine, just leave already and see how it goes
I woke up after a very long afternoon nap and turn on the news on TV
Well, claim, I don't think there's much for "claim" as he basically was Czech - he was born in Czech lands, he lived there, he worked there, of course he also lived in other countries as many others, but if he wrote in Czech I think everyone would consider him Czech author
Brno is a weird place
It was from a comedy show back in last century, I think
I think It's a shame we eat these super inteligent creatures
[Free-booting
And most typical
*At least, we don't get beaten up by the police*
Afaik, V4 countries generally prefer being considered Central European and then Austria and Slovenia I guess
59% (in 2013) for both parliamentary and presidential elections (though we had those for the first time in the 2013).
>traditional parts
I plan on moving out once I go to uni, but one of my friends, who is 18, is planning on moving out in about a month
If you think "bč" is hard to pronouce, then I advise you to never try to learn Czech...
That doesnt mean Im excusing their actions
Sure, but I think those most pro-expulsion, rabidly anti-German ones are simply brainwashed  Commies or people who somehow benefited from odsun, most likely by gaining property
Interesting, thanks
The fire ritual: Bohemian-style absinth for which a absinth-soaked sugarloaf is set on fire and drips into the absinth
For the internet, this guy was something more than just an ordinary celebrity
Our demographics doesn´t allow us to be more generous than what we have now.
Too much butthurt, petty nationalism and too little common sense.
Other Europeans are nowadays considered 'normal' in the Czech republic
When I see what he’s doing to your beautiful country, I just wanna punch him in his pig face
Umm, the temperatures you see in statistics and weather forecasts are always given in the shade unless stated otherwise
The huge Heute sign was welcoming its dwellers :)
Almost exclusively young men, what would do we here with them?
Especially the Brno slang
We learned about it a little in school, though
Hah, no offense, but "get lucky" is not exactly the best advice I'm afraid :)
What are you talking about, Sweden is a big arms exporter.
Ok   I understand now . Really fire comment bro
I am sorry, but "Czechlands" sounds wierd and fake.
Still, if you are in a process of choosing the country, I'd look rather for Netherlands or said France.
That really doesn't matter – all the applicants have to prove is that it has this effect in practice (this is a sort of principle in constitutional law – it doesn't matter what your intentions are, what matters is the effects and whether they are proportional to the aim)
Is this information teached in school
QWERTY + composite input, so I can write all the characters I need
Small insignificant piece of land lost somewehere on the continent.
This isn't really the case in Czechia, I'd say (or Prague at least), lower middle class at best
I almost feel like everyone here really think we only have 8 years left
Goose = lumbago
Guess Babiš will literally have to come to people's homes and steal money directly from their wallets to make people wake up
There also is Brno institute for insulting Prague but there are mostly people from Prague who are insulting an occasional vesničan cuz there is no internet in the oppidum
You can change a time
Do you know the Slovak joke about the Polish guys searching for a dog?
If it's gambling (such as slot machines), it should be handled by gambling legislation
I mean if you see this in Prague downtown at burger place (and you can) it will just tell you go for burger somewhere else unless you need to pay a double
Similar to Pardubice and Hradec Králové
If a gun dosen't have its bolt destroyed its not deactivated.
I, too, like to contemplate in the bed in the morning as grandpa Lebeda.
Just outside it are the remains of a well and a tumulus.
The benefits of investing can be huge, the benefits of paying debt might not be so great.
Nobody forced the US to go to Iraq and waste billions and billions of dollars there.
Seriously, Turks should consider attaching his coffin to a dynamo generator.
I actually don't know about Hungarian wines too.
So he's just reflecting the mainstream Czech opinion on refugees.
/r/Prague is "shit expat says" from time to time, it is quite interesting to see in how big bubble they are living
We might do it at some point to get the legal/financial etc.
Actually Babiš said we will complete Prague Circle and D3
Yeah, you can find them but they shouldnt be used for pistols and revolvers, theyre OK in carbines though
No it isn’t?
Because people like you keep applying American Left and American Right to Middle/Eastern European countries
I don't know the extent since I didn't really watch any, but I saw some clips from such movies and it was a thing
I'm shocked
From what I've heard, pretty much, yeah
I enjoy it
The increase in crime doesn't happen over night.
What is that at the bottom-centre?
Wtf
It's now been made illegal, but you can still find versions of the same shit popping up here and there.
Network providers are usually offering just full price or something like 5% off when you subscribe for most expensive plan
I think that we use it with "v" like in growling, but truth is that I have never heard it to
They mixed with Thracians and Slavs later.
"Private gun ownership is not allowed in Europe"
Stanislav Balik Ph
I had to run straight across the Old Town Square on my way between classes in different faculty buildings several times a week, and I kind of developed a hatred for everything to do with mass tourism in just a few years
- Opening beer bottles just with the things you have
On the more serious note - Czech is quite complicated (7 cases, you have to memorise rules for correctly writing i/y, other rules for writing capital letters,...) - I think that if people would know more how complicated Czech language is, they would be even happier with the fact that we are using way more easier English to get by
Fun fact is, that both roots \**lędo < PIE *lendʰ- (“land, heath”)* and \**polje < PIE *pleh₂- ‎(“flat, wide”)* mean something like "field, land".
It goes like: Fun is when friends are together, just like you and me
Newsflash, the Netherlands aren't the only country where cyclists are commonplace on the streets, it's not like everyone who hasn't lived in your country is completely oblivious of how bike traffic should work
It's kinda weird for them, because we have accent on the first syllable, so when we are talking faster it sounds like machine gun fire
That's what happens when you 1) first blow up a few times and then 2) you fix it and milk the launch system as long as it still pays.
We have a flawed electoral system so you'll have to bear with it for a few years.
Turns out chopping down all forests in a subarctic environment with volcanic soils very prone to wind erosion wasn't the smartest move the Norse ever made
The winner here is Greece, I've counted nine intersecting sets.
In summer it's a real concern for me when sitting under an open window on the bus.
We have the worlds highest beer consumption per capita, [by an impressive margin]
I'd say it depends on the job/school we're talking about
You HAVE to leave a deceased patient in the respective hospital ward for at least 2 hours after pronouncing death (because determining if someone is dead is not as simple as it sounds and there have been cases of people waking up in morgue)
I think we did some basics in biology class (my guess would be it was between 6th and 8th year of elementary school)
I remember once when i was young and on antibiotics (i was sick) i had party at friday but my doc told me i can't drink alcohol combined with my meds
You can stay there only several hours visting French Riviera.
Yes and so did our parents
What exactly was different
Personally I can do all of them on a map but I am an exception in that regard
I s dobovou výbavou :) plně funkční při nejlepším.
Among educated people, it is Andrej Babiš. On November 16, 2019, around 300,000 people demonstrated against him in Prague
If we tell them that EU membership is off the table, we will lose both our carrot and stick that we could otherwise use to motivate them to battle corruption, improve the rule of law and so on.
- [
So basically we couldn't understand them so we called them **mutes**.
you need to pass language test, both written and spoken + test from Czech things, all the shit is for whole day
Salo IT
I was born in Czechoslovakia, I don't think there's a way back :)
My schedule for instance and schedule of all people where I work is flexible too.
Winter blowed in opposite direction
Which only attracts more new immigrants.
can't imagine visiting Netherlands without eating haring broodje as much as I can, but my next trip is to Austria so tafelspitz or wiener schnitzel will do the job as well
Trust me, my friend - Eastern Europe could use many of your Western wisdoms as well.
I'm so glad it's not common here, at least one advantage of our landlocked country
Terrorists don't really care if a bunch of people, they want to terrorize, disagree with it
Hardly anyone worries about German military spending.
And my history teacher was wrong :) Still iconic tho, for both countries
Invited by whom
The german films were mostly shot in the mountains and I watch then purely because I like the scenery
can't wait for usual Friday Wiener Schnitzel & Erdäpfelsalat (genau aus dem Kalbfleisch)
How come, that Ireland is still in the "EU developing" bunch of countries.
Brno dialect "Hantec" is a drunk mix of German and Czech, for example Zoncna (sun), Hózny (pants), Šalina (tram, derived from Elektri*she linie*) etc
be glad that your snow speaks Finnish
This is actually quite interesting that the 15-24 age group doesn't really differ that much from the overall population when it comes to attitudes towards accepting refugees.
We have a notable Vietnamese minority thanks to cooperation during communism
you're done
Yeah, I was like wtf weather
Exactly
**edit:** btw [dobrý kanál na Youtube] Polák mluví s jinými Slovany, aby se dověděli, jak si rozumí. (For others, a great Youtube channel where a Polish guy speaks with other Slavs to see how much they understand each other)
What plays for Belarus is better economy in comparision to Ukraine and half the size of russian minority.
Stepping up NATO integration would make Russia escalate the war
So, as of now, I'm becoming acquainted with it via reddit
There's a phenomenon called 'Moravian assimilation' — all obstruents (p, b, t, d, ť, ď, k, g, f, v, ch, h, s, z, š, ž, c, dz, č, dž, ř) are voiced before sonorants (m, n, ň, l, r, j, vowels) across word boundaries
Yeah, I read the book
About the guns - they are two options why they actually wanted it - they are afraid of their own citizens or to boost black market sells.
I’m from Prague and I’d take it back too
Yeah, I know it can be really tasteful, it was usually when it looked like this:
to buy a beer for a younger friend) and if you're caught you can get a heavy fine.
>Actual is an adjective meaning ‘true’, ‘real’ and ‘the thing in itself’. It does not refer to time
Austrian, bavarian and bohemian cuisines are very closely related and shared as is our love for beer, wursts and knödels.
also isn’t communist, nor in south America
It would all depend on what the local politicians will try to push forward.
But better than being occupied by nazis
Haha
Well, I am gonna anwser anyway
We’d drink the most beer yet we’e be the least drunk ones
Estonia is doing so many progressive things it's honestly inspiring
I was born across the street from that church
what
Yes, I don't.
The whole purpose of punishment is to prevent repeat offences in the first place.
Ulice (Street), it's been airing since 2005 and there are currently 4025 episodes
Weird
Well we may have our own Japanese nationalists, but we don't have korwin-mikke so it's nowhere near as hilarious to watch
But I have to agree, he is cute
There is pretty much zero consistency, which is pretty typical of our language in general
(blue-eyed girl don't sit there
We need to keep this up so that Babiš et al
Can act as riot police but also a bit like Spetsnaz, similar to Germany's GSG9 who do counter terrorism, OMON was used a lot in Chechnya
The difference is pretty significant even for rich European countries, I'd guess it's mostly because of our high VAT rates
I find it strange that they would single out Slovakia.
Where is Prague
Rarest of the spiciest spices
Front: ID number, surname, name/names, date of birth, sex, place of birth, citizenship, date of issue and expiry, holder's signature
Sweet is however definitely less popular, mostly available at fairs and cinemas
We make tons of cars and other vehicles
(Men stood
You have nothing to apologize for
People are hypocrites
Ok   I understand now . Really fire comment bro
Most slav languages (not the Balkan slav tho)
That country that don't like Russia
school but had to find work in different field (graphic design and such) due to the fact that finding job in the field is quite hard (not to mention low pay and working hours).
Both equally shit
Then Ukraine elected Yanukovych, who is Russian-friendly.
Implying you could be ever certain article 5 will be efectivelly honoured.
I'll keep calling us by the longer name
Also 2 new builds on the family field
For major countries we also learned a bit about their economy, culture, politics and history.
Prague is great, but it's a way better experience if you understand the language a know all the cool hidden non-touristy places to go to
It seems to be true at least where I live though, that out of all our neighbours, we hang out with you the least
I'm not the biggest rap fan, but I love [Galantní Jelen by Vojtaano]
He is the only Czech-speaking monarch today
> masă = "mass" (in kilograms), but also "table"
But just make it legal for gods sake
Or bitten someone
"Check" would look like English and "Chekh" would sound like Czech
In all of Europe, I’ve seen one semi-religious billboard
I study modern Spanish history and I can tell you that it caused a lot of national embarrasment and helped create an atmosphere within the society that later strenghtened Franco's position with his "make Imperio español great again".
This all is abuse of Christianity for nationalistic frenzy and political manipulation.
I eventually lost interest in it, would have preffered if there was more vilain action and less “nobody knows what to do”. Maybe I stuck out with it for so long was because one of the characters has my BF’s name and I smiled whenever someone called out for him
The next (and last) is the same: heard the name, don't know anything
Nutella is feminine, because Haselnusscreme is feminine
well *nobody knows but jesus* i guess
The image is that you cannot really turn yourself and close the door if you are the "cart" in this situation
as for the second anthem I am not sure
Well I have been only to Salzburg and Wien, so you are propably right
>*In year 1934 Ferdinand Porsche had been forced by Hitler to give up the Czechoslovak citizenship and took the German one
They dont want to be seen with these people
Politicians seeking some votes.
It’s also a really short train ride from Český Kras (beautiful cave system)
How many Countries are in Europe?
noky"] but the movie's the first I've heard of it
In a private sale the parties fill out the same form (it includes information about the gun and both parties) and while the seller uses the form to transfer the ownership to the buyer, the buyer then has 10 work days to register the ownership
His foreign fans started defend him immediately and eleven internationally recognized writers came to Kundera's defence: these included four Nobel laureates
It's our secret plan
Looks like you need some freedom
That’s it
Slovaks don't use "Slovak republic" when answering when they're from.
It doenst prevent these things in the US, I don't know why it would here.
I would say less of ,,trying-to-climb-up-eastern-ass" policy of Poland
Czech guns laws
That’s the reason that the International students day exists
^(I'll show myself out
Here and there some words are guesswork, but overall the number of unknown words is small
*ordering* I'll have a coke please
Once a week I'd say but mostly around my university so like 95% of the time they are foreign students I assume.
Yes they are legal if they are a part of the school plan
That's how cocky we were
Pretty much this
I think czech bob the builder contains some english words
Lovely, do you find the ř sound difficult
Worst is that they think about everything between Berlin and Moscow as their territory
Once again, I am forced to laugh at the Polish language
Oh Sweden, the land of good customer service.
Hopefully, we are not so dumb to return to the ashes of divided continent.
Shouldn't you be using freedom units
I personally would like to see Assassin's Creed in Prague during the reign of Rudolf II
Makes sense to do it in Prague, but if I saw that in let's say Teplice, I'd laugh.
I think Pilsen gets the least hate from the bigger cities
In the play, "robots" was a name given to the artificial workers
No one is denying that
It's the republican party
School toilets have always terrified me as is, so this was like the bottom of the abyss
Happy Indipendence Day to us all
Like Bulgarian Sofia
Nowadays I fully approve of the tighter checks, because I certainly don't want to sit one table ovee from the likes of 15 year old me in a bar
The ingredients on the wrap would be different too
So they look at something at least marginally interesting, aka
In my family, we say: "Na to ti sere pes Alfons a kočka Minda
The people who write science fiction don't live in a vacuum, they look for inspiration in our history.
Most known are [Studénka\[2008\]] and [Studénka\[2015\]] \- yep, almost same place
I never saw someone here not keep them in a fridge
Like wiki
Veverka
At this point, you could be already considered a regular and most likely you won't get past this stage
Ivana Trump wants to be Trump’s ambassador for Czech Republic
I appear to myself more confident when speaking English And I am Czech native speaker
Pilsen not mentioned
What is there to disagree with?
No, some religious weirdo (mostlikely jehova whiteness) might have something written on the house but I didn't see a billboard
Czechia represent
Most of the peaks were created during Devonian and Carboniferous period.
Turkey is almost completely in Asia Minor, whereas 77% of Russian population lives in Europe
A Czech who finds beer horrible tasting, I guess
Isn't Saudi Arabia more of an exception tho
HA HA
It doesn't drive itself, but it _moves itself_ hence _auto mobile_.
wow, Japan is almost touching the land of Jakubmarian
Jacob's route(s)
>\citation needed
It could if we could get a second camera taking a picture of this camera being stolen by pickpockets immediately after the shot
But word 'kus' means also 'a piece'. So some genius translated kuskusový salát (couscous salad) as piece piece salad
Sure, but why not do both
But the more you know about the topic (education and interests once again), the more you can see into it and simple statements like the one few comments above will just grind my gears.
Depends if there will be snow of course, which makes it much much better.
s - with
I looked into Ukrainian car market when looking for classic car of certain model that's not common here
Prague, Prague 1 is so filled with tourists you basically have half of the shit for them and the other for the people living there
I only met one foreigner who spoke decent Czech and she was a Hungarian tourist guide.
Yeah, our gripens are great
Regions of Hradec and Pardubice created a unified transit pricing system which made fare prices consistent across the two regions, together with introducing an RFID card that you could store your tickets or money on so that the transportation could be cash-free
But there are no streets on fire and women raped on sight.
She can tolerate cats, but she is terribly afraid of dogs
Why do we give so much shit about **non-Europeans**?
We are really mixed, since we lived in one country
It's not that complicated
Yeah, I realize there were more than one reason for sure.
More and more people are abandoning it though, especially in the city
If it were up to me, the appeal would result in making the fine daily rather than weekly and removing the cap
And they are not used to it as wolves were basically extinct here for a century or more
Ve této situaci moc ne
This map is shit, dont take it too seriously.
You first need to hear the word to spell it correctly
Not violet
Why Poland
Quails and pigeons aren't that common these days, I've never had either, but I think they used to be eaten more commonly
Are there any sanctions for a person that resists to serve their sentence this way?
Moustache only got better after like 2 and a half
>In most Romance, Slavic and Germanic languages the cognate of actual means “current”. This meaning has also been used in English since the sixteenth century but is now rare due to a semantic shift
Yeah we do that too
It's complicated
Next destination, the Court of Justice of the EU
Upper middle class either has a mortgage for a house in some satellite town or at least a better flat, not in an apartment block
Nothing is "just an opinion" in a high politics.
For example, the river Ponávka is going under the city and parts of it are accessible on a boat
Nowadays, the word is used worldwide, but I think that not enough people know of it’s origins
Did they fake their asylum claims?
*If* the Czech government was negligent in handing out citizenships in the past 50 years, then there could in fact be two categories of citizens.
I mean, I caught myself starring at the murral on Kulturpalast for a few minutes
Yes that was a topic as well, but I was talking about [this] plan, which wants to keep the apps as standalone separate apps, but with "unified technical infrastructure" which would allow you to message people on the other apps as well
It is one of the best payed jobs you don’t need special school for
After the post-WW1 Temporary Constitution, 1920 was the year the first "full" Czechoslovak Constitution got adopted
Well you dont use it in everyday life
Not many people really know about it.
My guess would be that he exists within some very leftist/activist circles
I don't know why but I hate sweet pierogi
Germans are pretty loud when they get drunk.
We owned half of Europe once and we had some very powerfull rulers (Charles IV
However, I know people who spend about the same amount a week, so I guess it's pretty subjective
We have right alt as a switch for special characters and Đ is written as rAlt+d and đ is written as rAlt+s. Instead of numbers, we have ěščřžýáíé and numbers are written with shift
(Die) Kurve= curve
Also it gets annoying when people think we were "renamed", we weren't, only now we added a short form
5 breads
>  Czech or Slovakian films
I percieve it more as "I don't feel comfortable/I feel weird" in a sense that it's just not my day, I didn't slept well etc
Ironically, it's many of his voters who are being bought by increasing their pensions / wages of state employees  by a few crowns
Partly because I randomly met another Czech whovian in the middle of London
Chocolate, your flag, EU headquarters
This is highly memable, but on the other hand I really dont want to desecrate this mans honour
I don't hate it either, but out of all alcohol options that you can get, beer occupies a low spot on my preference list
Don't even get me started on their disaster of a environmental "priorities
EDIT: fuck me, Nagano
Totally, even the people from the capital have their dialect and others cannot stand it
To answer your question, both Czechia and Czech Republic are completely valid/official names
saying X people should not be able to vote/have bank account/enter X building/be a president is racist.
These are the cheapest options, all very sweet and not much strong
if she doesn't normally wear one.
I don't mind anything, but people I know mind cigars more than cigarettes.
Here, both units are used pretty frequently (often abbreviated to "deka" and "deci") and I think it's much more convenient.
No matter how well you speak English
[Brno checking in
Only total and systematic attention to politics and engagement will help
And fuck Turkey, they are just a bunch of hypocrites
During Late Roman Empire, most of them were christians.
Not sure I would want to be called that
in ideal world
In less attractive cities, you could push it down a lot more
Fun fact: In the census you can put anything as your religion, in the last census we had 15 thousand Jedi Knights
You have to go through all sorts of tests and stuff to get a permit.
I know you're just trying to make a joke
You can't give your child a name that's a diminutive/nickname derived from a name, it has to be in the "default" version
Even when it was clear that this was going to happen from the beginning.
I suppose ruling monarch names are much more likely to be translated
Ztrestat porcelán - punish the porcelain
|plenty of trees|--------------|unlivable pollution|
Our head of state lives in a castle
Excuse me, what the fuck
Work ethics, employee expectations and overall work-life balance of certain unsilled labour positions here is from the western point of view quite nightmarish
Standard time (winter)
Politicians have no integrity and they deemed that recognizing kosovo would go a long way with EU and NATO
Sure geography too but you dont really have to know much about Kazakhstan or west/central Africa
The CCP now: pwease domt open museum UwU
Of course trying to leave it is the bad way to fix it.
First, I know a lot of people who think EU is reminding them of how USSR used to control us.
The other stuff that people mention here like phones, laptops are a thing too, though I don't really need that
Vietnamese are seen as hardworking and a great ethnic group to have here.
It's all good until weird people start putting yogurt there
Pre-COVID restrictions, I travelled to another country at least once a year
.. the graveyard
Edit: Ctrl+F or find “Слава України”, you’ll find it in that poem
He represents Poland and our region definitely much better than any outsider could.
Just shut the fuck up
This is pretty accurate
We learn that in history and social education
Step: 2 google it
and guesssing how many people get it right.
Didnt spent a penny to buy them and didnt buy even key to open them in CSGO
Why are we all not emigrating in droves?
can't wait for it to be gone again
Pretty sure you wouldn't be as trigger happy if your loved ones were on that plane.
Source
A lot of Czech people have very positive views on America.
this made me laugh so hard my helmet almost fell off
Sorry for your experience, I know very well from mine that starting from some point people don't correct you, what makes progress quite problematic
Čvut & MatFyz
= It will be useful sometimes
* Charlemagne = Karel Veliký
When I said "here" I meant the EU, not just my country, but anyway - of course there are people from outside the world who study or work here.
And if they if they set it in the 80s (Including murder of Falcone and stuff), I'd buy new computer just to play that game
Some say it’s too bitter, I say that’s what home taste like
So sad
I had the Czech defence ministry's website open from an earlier thread I saw they were selling old bunkers, no decommissioned aircraft there but I see they are selling some "Hazardous waste - kerosene sludge" but I think Ill give that a miss
I sure did play it, I'm actually playing it the third time over this week.
you would need 50k petition, but you could.
Yes, because someone cared more about money than people
The problem with having everything foreign-owned is that often most of the income that the companies generate does not stay in the country.
Well Karluv is mostly empty from around 2am, but yeah the russian wheel maybe on naplavka
At least not in the sense you are refering to
Yeah, but Coca Cola is just crazy sweet and that's the main reason why adults usually don't drink it (but kids love it)
(it sounded to me like the speakers were an american and brit)
The same thing here, though I'm not sure about the assault rifle in the car
and once Christmas ends, Easter stuff just immediately appears in stores, like what the hell
Well, mission accomplished then, I could offend a Swede (though it would be much easier in person)
/31
They are bored because there is no view
but when "a" conjunction is used to graduating the information or negating or some other meaning then there is usually period
Trůn (throne in translation)
I'm cautiously optimistic about the future development within our country, though I don't believe we will fully catch up with the Western Europe any time soon (economy-wise).
In my hometown of Brno we have extensive underground areas
I get the Greek side of the argument but I think they are putting too much effort into this shit.
Unfortunately I don't think the bridge at the actual Rataje has survived to the modern day (if there even was one there to begin with, don't know) but most of the rest of the castle is still there
English opens tons of doors, whilst learning basically any other language with exception of maybe Chinese doesn't.
Actually no, but I've been in France only for a week or so
(but my brain still can't cope with how is anyone comfortable in sauna wearing anything)
Czech Republic: Jsem optimista - Olga Lounova
As for languages, I can understand Slovak and speak a bit and I tried to learn at least some basic phrases in Romanian when I was younger
I personally don't care, I like the smell and anything baked with cinnamon is top shit in my opinion, but a lot of people in Prague fucking hate trdelnik
However, this might be because of generally worse customer service here
Dont ask, you will see it under the command of Angela Merkel and other western leftist
I say usually, because some gypsies like to refer themselves as Roma.
For you it is objectively worse phone because of that, for me it is objectively not even the criteria I care about
They are swearing and don't speak proper czech
You can't just compare the numbers
It is a denomination for one of the 3 traditional parts of today's Czechia (but actually accounting for ~ 60% of the total area) but historically we were known as the Kingdom of Bohemia anyway
Works similar to grounding myths of medieval kingdoms.
Taiwan has 10x more investments in our country than China
If there aren't piles of manure under the windows
It is happening to some extent at the moment and not only in the Czech republic.
, I wish they'll add Czech dubbing later to make it perfect tho
It seems his comments were deleted.
I am tired and can't focus
My dad is Turkish and whenever we visit Istanbul he immediately starts talking in Turkish so that we don't get ripped off
Few thousands years ago, there have been [grass plains]#/media/File:Doggerland3er_en.png) and British land mass has been just continuation of the continent
The strange thing is, that its walls are always a bit moist
From the times he sat on the horse, he was a cavalier, truth-loving, honorable, etc, and these positive qualities made him one of the most famous in the christian and arab worlds
Fucking hell
In phone, it's still most likely USB 2
Malls are still open for example as are all other stores, masks are only required indoors
I didn't know it was that bad
That sounds exactly like when foreigners try to pronouce "Paříž".
Huh, so if you arent a EU citizen you arent a European?
It used to be mostly ceremonial position here, but current president proved that constitution can be bent, and that he can cause a lot of damage
Due to growing wages, cheap mortages, massive investment into state-owned kindergartens and low unemployment, I think our TRF will rise substantially in next years.
Some cops dont give a fuck tho
I like it and used Czechia long before it became official.
That's pretty strange, unless your IKEA is cheaper
You can have extra private insurance with the basic one (for example for dental medicine, which is not covered very well by the basic one), but it is not that common and very rarely provided by employers
That's what grammar schools are for and even those give you some chance to specialize.
Record seems to be from 2012 when it was 39.8°C.
If any of them are of unique artistic value or really iconic/popular with the locals, they can stay
It could if we could get a second camera taking a picture of this camera being stolen by pickpockets immediately after the shot
Yeah, I know, most of the Germans were defeated by uprisings
I can just come to the local PD tick one or more of the boxes with reasons im authorized to own guns for and its done
Sector 5 Church
Ahoj, jmenuju se John, rád tě poznávám. Odkud jsi ?
Still we are little worried because our district in Prague have the biggest percentage of the old people
Apart from at least the basics of local language of whichever country you want to work in, I'd say German
Some millions czk in property damage and a few dozen people without homes ://
I mean Japanese names sound nice,but it would be very weird if a kid was called Takumi Novotný.
But in France, they have German as dead language
Worse, *bad* Facebook boomer cartoons
Since it is so important, shouldn't we try to reestablish it, using the logic of the Irish?
It was last year, my parents got those electing bicycles and I wanted to try it
Now they refer it mostly as "so-called Islamic State" and sometimes simply as "Islamic State".
In Austria
Prague people to Brno people: North Slovakia
The most impacted would be Brno which would move maybe like 100km more north
Right, be the discussion about the future of the EU is more complex than that, it's not just about whether there'll be a multi-speed Europe, or whether any of the other Juncker's scenarios is better.
* the ones that got domesticated and don't feel German anymore (knedlík from Knödel, helma from Helm)
You're totally misguided, clearly Škodas are the best.
Important authors:
Basicaly Everything at anytime
I eventually lost interest in it, would have preffered if there was more vilain action and less “nobody knows what to do”. Maybe I stuck out with it for so long was because one of the characters has my BF’s name and I smiled whenever someone called out for him
Currently he is lobbing for Russian vaccine and bringing Prymula back again
I like shooting paper at the range.
Well I guess that you are probably talking about the infamous Vietnamese markets which are selling fake brands, cigarettes without the stamp (Gebührenmarke),... which are also illegal in Czechia and you can hear about police searches at those places periodically in the media
That's lovely :) Just don't tell any Czechs you like trdelnik, they will try to smite you :D
Ne že bych si stěžovala teda
And btw its an american company
You have the KGB Museum and Museum of Communism in Prague and one Holocaust memorial that is not nearly as popular.
No, its because they are lying
6 upvotes -> complains about haters
Edit: first world war
A while ago, I was translating something for my parents' company as I'm the only person in the family who knows English
On May 25, 1917, one of the greatest war tragedies in the Pilsen Region took place in the factory
There was an extensive police investigation, the offender was never found
There is currently no constitutional law on a referendum - the only one that took place was on the entry to the EU, and it was written as a one time constitutional amendment
You mean calqued
Culturally and politically it's anything that was behind Iron Curtain.
They announce one day where the last ringing takes place
But there is nothing wrong with using just some narrow simple sentences, it's an easy way out how to avoid dealing with this
Most of European countries form local alliances with neighboring countries and the Nordics aren't an exception.
We keep our population more or less stable for over a century now, around 10-11 mio (with help of some wars, genocides and similar joyful pasttimes)
And it was banned during the socialist era
Except for my husband's sister, who had a kid few months before our wedding
Would it be cool with you
Ah, I remember hearing about the myth in the Seal Museum in Iceland
You’ve got this
Probably through Russian латышский (latyshskiy), except the "a" got switched for "o".
Their Czech pronunciation isn't too bad, cool
You need to go deep into the forest, when you are in nature
I would not underestimate deplatforming
Especially after Vatican praised Mussolini and later Hitler
Over my dead body
"Yeah, we're independent now, 3rd time's the charm right
She was occasionally a bit criticized in our media some few years ago for being too much on the side of Assad, which I think is frankly quite ridiculous, because as an ambassador, it's her job to mantain ties with all the important actors in the country.
Its like Prague but better in nearly every way
You'll just be wrong very often
If it aligns with the West, it'll cease to be that, and Russia wants to prevent that from happening even at the cost of invading
The difference is that a paywall will prevent access to the contents unless I pay.
Some movie library and ability to watch everything from last week or two.
"Belka" and "belch" don't rhyme at all
Second, replacement with renewables is much more likely because of their lower price in the European environment
afaik it is not really possible here
Go Italy
We should have it try
Does Sweden really have nothing to offer?
9 hours passed and there isn't really any war here
How do you recognise a Finnish extrovert?
And it is just 30 years ago
I always thought it's from I'm going to secretly pull it out from under the desk/papers/pencilcase
Mapy
any americans who moved permanently from america?
And most countries are not even ruled by parties one would consider nationalist
Alright, this rule has some flaws
It's important to understand, that the overwhelming majority of Roma in CZ have immigrated from Slovakia in 60s and 70s (it was a plan of the regime to distribute Roma within Czechoslovakia).
Hodit šavli (to throw a saber) - to vomit
It took some time before all "contra-revolutionaires" was purged
The only way to get Doritos here is to go to a special shop like Iceland, because they sell stuff from the UK
And right now it's the other way around.
On the other hand, if you instead invest the money, the debt might decrease even more (relative to GDP) because the money you invested increased the GDP more than it would decrease the debt (this is possible because money circulates).
Yeah, I had a brief unit on formal logic in Math at the beginning of Czech *gymnasium*. It's a part of the standard Math curriculum
Was in a Romanian bathroom in a school in 2012 and they had one of those hole in the ground toilets
Czech drivers are similar though
Our humour can’t get much darker than that
As we speak I am contacting my secret network of volunteers across the Czech Republic and we're getting ready to make our region even better so you better prepare for the storm, maggot
They were worn as a formal attire for special occasions like wedding or some celebrations.
I have endured Brexit and Trump but this is just too much
Weirdly, my family's refusal to teach me how to cook because I "would make a mess" was coupled with constant moaning how I'd be one day completely lost in the big bad world because, among many many other reasons why I completely sucked, I "couldn't even cook". The skill was supposed to just somehow be divined into my brain without inconveniencing anyone
Honestly speaking, knowing that I could just stand on a side of a road, have a smoke and browse reddit for an hour wouldn't deter me from speeding again
I don't know what opinions he has and what he prophets to public
It's a very pro EU sub and always has been for example.
I can check later this evening.
Today, I'm glad that we have two states and we can help each other on the world stage if necessary.
Sad Czech noises
You spend 60e on lounas
Restricting legal ownership is almost irrelevant in this regard because they never use legally owned weapons anyway.
The book was/is quite popular and sometimes is still quoted/referenced in local context
They dance and fook
Poland and Hungary can have their common TV.
He does not want to do something new because he doesn't have to.
People on the street don't know if you're here on a work visa, dependent visa or if you sleep in a refugee shelter.
Although, some people joke about the taste of water in my hometown (which I don't mind): "You drink half the glass and the rest you eat
Imagine there is a war for your all life
I think he's talking about the Houska castle
Preferably not fridge cold, but more like cellar cold (which is where it's usually stored until opened)
This gives them among other things a right to communicate with the authorities in their native language (with translators and interpreters being provided)
I dont think that all have said war is bad and I dont think **MOST PEOPLE** think that war is bad.
Parola IT
this is simple not a part of our restaurant culture and only traps targeting to foreigners have this
Chocolate and the fact that they think that they have better beer than us
**Ostrava:** industrial, short-voweled dialect, swearing a lot, unemployment, pollution, lots of Poles
I wouldn't call svíčková fast food
Hygiene, people, hygiene
OK I live in Czechia but our bread is probably similar to the German one
In English they would be John of Bohemia (or the Blind) and Elizabeth of Bohemia (Přemyslid)
Andělíčkářka
That's how cocky we were
Are there trees in Iceland
Why are you even trying to discuss about something you know nothing about
Luckily my friends know english well enough to understand it in english most of the times
When I was choosing my Erasmus program, I saw that there was a Slovakian university in Nitra on our list
So I guess we have rather different approach in regard of food
unfortunatelly that could not catch my eye since we have tons of roadside ads too :/
I am Czech and dont really like beer
Imagine there is a war for your all life
That's the premium package, though
Never seen anyone do this and I used to go to the pool pretty regularly when I was a kid.
Like irked and miffed both convey annoyance but in ever so slightly different ways
(Tables stood
Will you follow the Greek example and demand the change of their name to "Former British Principality of Sealand"?
I mean sure, paperwise the salaries are lower here, but so are the prices
Edit: Ctrl+F or find “Слава України”, you’ll find it in that poem
What
Is it like neighbouring countries do consider ouzo as their drink as well
I would rather see them both gone and replaced by someone else.
Když čteš Rivers nebo Hill, tak ti to prostě přijde jako obyčejný anglický příjmení a neřešíš.
> I would rather expect celebrations
Germans have really good Minecraft servers
The worst thing about this is that Nokia was the last big European "tech company". With it, Europe ceded its relevance in this area to America and China
And Čochtan in Werich's Fimfarum was against drowning at general, because it is pollution
In general, you mean
It becomes even more absurd when you look at what kinds of laws get passed in different countries
give me few euros per month and I will pray for him as if he were my sick cat
prozvonit - (to initiate a phone call and stop it before the call is picked, to inform the receiver of something without having to pay for the call)
This is one of the few bright spots on an otherwise shit smeared canvas
>Art
People would be extremely offeded by it while when it's Poland people are mostly annoyed and simply distrustful
We were about the pay and asked for a card payment
That's not fair, I hoped we would get more of him explaining to us that we should totally give the UK a great trade deal so that we can continue having the privilege of selling our great beer to them.
See, I always thought bramboračky were a more ubiquitous fast food
>instigate a coup
First of all, any replacement of coal generation with gas generation will at least halve the CO₂ emissions from the respective generation, seeing as that we're talking mostly about lignite coal plants and CCGT plants
Bryndzove halusky is our answer :))
Villamo IT
We have a very long history and shooting and gunmaking has always been part of our cultural heritage
I would say ,,Máj" (May) and ,,Kytice" (Bouquet)
Younger people are more pro-EU as well as more educated folk.
That is quite easy when you just add Republic on the end and are done with it
Also, it looks much better than Monopoly, imo, which means a lot to me if I have to stare at a board for 5 hours in order to finish a game
However, I don't know about any OLAP (or better generally Business Intelligence) website where a citizen could easily analyze what MEPs resp
Our fruit dumplings could be also filled with blueberries, strawberries, or plums (my grandma made plum dumplings using potato dough)
I'm old
I found myself looking at a few older Fiats I could possibly buy in the future, like Regatta or Uno
I really don't like our anthem much, it's very slow, the actual text isn't very anthem-y.
There has been no significant Muslim immigration into the Czech Republic, despite it being a member of the EU since 2004 and the Schengen Area since 2007
:) Although it doesn't seem to work well for some people from southern Slovakia
I would like to, but it is still a pretty great pub close by and with personal attachment and they make pretty mean homemade chips.
Probably like 10+ years of full immersion
Most European countries have a lot of similarities to their neighbours, or at least neighbouring areas of those neighbours
You start drinking at about 16-17 years.
He was vegetarian, that must mean something
Russia and the year 1968
No, I don't, but I don't enjoy speaking languages
When I was in New York I was expecting a dingy rugged rattling metro and that's exactly what I got
Also I should add, that my dad speaks only Czech and few words in english
It's too expensive to be worth it.
[Metal cover] from Germans
It depends on how you quantify "many" - I guess that there are only few thousands of those "mulatto Czechs" **at most** which I wouldn't call many at all for a nation with 10.5 million inhabitants.
So not sure she is good benchmark for this
By November 4, 1968 all not-Soviet soldiers left the country
My wording is kinda bad
The latter is simply a hypercorrect form (i.e. incorrect) of the former
In French, when there is an *accent circonflex* like in *fête*, *château* or *maître*, it usually means there used to be "s" phoneme after the vowel.
there is alway the "almost" in our case
There has been a total of 5 constitution of both Czechoslovakia and Czechia - I include both, because technically, Czechia existed under the Federation since 1969, and both states are continuous
I even had to close my window because I was getting little cold
century for middle Ages
4 for Poland, so you're probably not even correct anymore
It protects property operated by the Ministry of Defence
So, yeah, OP's argument about Okamura is bullshit.
That's all we got, but we had many more [once]
In Czech, you can also say "Jak se vede", literally "How's it going".
Imperial system is annoying too, please just join us in 2016 already.
Everything that could go wrong went wrong and the whole disaster was eventually managable with no direct casualties.
EDIT: Before you reply, this is nothing personal, I'm venting out frustration about a really irritating trend that has been sweeping the internet for the last couple of years
No, we don't.
I was very impressed by Estonia when visiting there, it's a modern and advanced country
What's there to see
or hurricanes
China sold us low quality masks and offered us vaccine with success percentage bellow 50%.
Usually [this]
Deffinetely Prague
then hygiene office comes, and decides that it isn’t acceptable, and decides to torn the house down
I just wish we got 25Kč/€ when we switch, just because it's a nice ratio.
The thing is, they really believe that and most of the soldiers who participated in that are firmly assured that they did a good thing
Yeah, but Czechia has better
It's actually good for the soil, it's source of minerals.
Everybody was like, "don't be stupid, things may still turn out bad and you'll be super fucked" and she said she no longer cared but after a few days when it looked better, most of other employees began returning their cards as well
She was not expecting a question like this
Then we did it again, because we didn't like the church and started a major european conflict known as the thirty years war
The comparison is not relevant
I've been proposing this for some time now: Spray deciduous forests with copper salts, so that the leaves accumulate and draw carbon from the atmosphere
Pretty much anything prescribed is either free or really cheap
I believe Obama has slighted the Canadians and asked them to step it up too, especially in NATO deployments to Eastern NATO states.
I'd like to see the list of countries which have Russia as an enemy
Monaco:  casino
And suddenly, millions of startups stopped calling their "if else" code AI
once in German class and only because our teacher saw a recipe in our textbook and thought that it could be fun
Also the way we do dill sauce may be a bit different to how you make it
Could be
Problem are not your views, but your narrow-minded approach.
Our current PM is Slovak
Google videos and photos from 1920, dance parties, sport performances, and you'll see that the armpits are shaved
He was kinda matipulated by his older brother to make shitty and provokative videos to get views
Cable tv with over 100channels, movie library and some other stuff included.
You could always buy a Kofola
Do you think they were angry and sad for losing
dafuq Poland beat us that hard?
quadrilion = biliarda
10\^18 = trilion
Here, it's one of two variants
Pensala FIN
* Austrians wants to controll us so yadda yadda
What was its population, like ten thousand people or so
A  creature  and non-creature (monster) are basicaly the same
But now that I looked into that it seems like even the Serbian population might vote for it.
One of the recently discussed problems is that our country (and some other eastern european countries) is treated by many corporations as a "dumpster of Europe" when it comes to food and other consumer products.
I found that question funny more than anything else
I've heard people call it non existent etc
An example that comes to my mind is Kateřina Jacques (she's a politician and a publicly known figure)
Well, yes
Many people add extra light sources on their cars too
I absolutely support it
But just the idea of relocating to different country is scary to me
Most people I know goes that often
Russia, because
Charles V ruled both Spain and Carinthia before the dynasty split into two branches
He clamied to be Czech, he talked to with his children in Czech
You have to those _things_ to internalize newfound knowledge.
Beside Slovaks of course, I think our friendship bonds with Israelis are interesting.
I think europeans are much more calm and peaceful
Rambo (and many other movies and porn) was available on black market VHS tapes, dubbed (horribly) by a one guy
neřekne z dost jasných důvodů. Když o něm mluvíme jako o českém králi (jako v tomhle kontextu), tak bychom technicky měli
I don't know, kicking out Yanukovych didn't turn out all that great for the Ukrainians
Let's not actually, that is that counterbalance, right there
as a person with dual citizenship im happy that it's allowed :)
I'll give you a kind of a Czech answer - letting minors drink in bars
It's supposed to be magical and romantic and all that but at the end of the day it's just another huge, crowded and dirty city.
Brno
Dude they want to ban our ř! The ř!
I don't really have a problem with the text but musically it's very boring and too slow
Oh man, when these heretical talks come from a Swede, at least I can shake my head, thinking "a foolish Scandinavian doesn't know what he's talking about", but a Belgian?
No, not our neighbors, but Russia isn't far enough TBH
It’s probably because of all the TV shows, which are in comparison to real (slavic) life very emotional
What a world
He was so powerfull, that no other duke or king wanted him as Holy Roman Emperor, so they voted for little known Rudolph Habsburg as their puppet
WOW Its big
If you get really drunk and pass out on the street or in the bus, your wallet or phone can get "lost".
we have Jewish jokes, but we love them, and consider Israel one of our best allies in whole world.
The comparison is not relevant
Depends
You got that right
As it takes the data from openstreetmap, it does work for the entire world
Lichtenstein - I find funny that their southern Moravian estates were bigger than Lichtenstein itself
Slovakia of course had a strong desire for federation anyway, and strong catholic presence in politics (that was against the secular nature and separation of church from the state)
I actually find The troubles very interesting because of the separatist movement and the scale of it.
That was some 300 years later tho
Both suffered from being forced into adapting a different culture, almost letting their identity to be wiped out
5 generation (we have 14 of them so don't worry)
When I was there back when I went to kindergarten, I fell during the hiking up the hill and grazed my knee terribly.
Because they would have to admit their preferred party is part of the problem
Hmmm, one of my friends had a similar job, hes a designer
In CZE:
They don't get a guaranteed "join EU in 10 years".
Oh no, what would Vladimir/ Donald/XiXi do without visiting our lovely dumpster-fire
Kingdome Come is such a awesome game
This is just a way we feel about our country.
Typically reporters in public television or radio speak Standard Czech (those in private ones not so much), teachers are sorta supposed to speak it and correct children to use it, and if you want to be polite, you'll use it when contacting authorities, being at a job interview or other formal situations, for example when I consult something with a teacher at university I speak normally in my rather thick Prague accent but when I am examined by the very same teacher I try to speak in Standard Czech though I'm not always successful
I think I could make that from head
Yes yes yes
a bike path to the office
Or something
> a socialist system would Be perfect for Russia and other ex soviet countries
Better trying it in some random village
of course it's a thing
reptile - plaz- crawler
), they use the metric system for numbering the US quantities
The explosions caused damage up to 6 kilometers from the explosions
And there are reasons behind all of those, they're just obscured by several layers of historical development, so if you take your time you can uncover them
Also, I have heard how Spanish people start working late, but it is similar like here
I know a guy who cut off two of his fingers because he wasnt careful
I am not from Eastern Europe, but – given that Czechs are avid tourists – the answer is that you *travel cheap* and *live off the land*. You can spend good time in very expensive countries if you just decide to sleep in a tent and buy food in supermarkets and cook it yourself using a camping stove
Smetana - Vltava (moldau)
Yea, you are Confident Homer like us
* sugar cubes
Mate, you're hilarious
I used to have long hair for a long time and I there weren't a lot of times people gave me shit because of it, but it happened a handful of times
Chill out :)
Norwegian and Japanese are probably my favourite languages sound-wise
If no big football club is important, then it's definitely Brno
He's super excited to be in USA for a week and:
Fair point
However the need for universal healthcare shouldn't be controversial at this point
Most French accepted the guilt already
Nothing is for free, we just pay it with our taxes
Europeans who tried Hershey's chocolate, what's your opinion on it?
Hlava, ramena, kolena, palce, kolena, palce
I always thought we had this reputation only in Slovakia.
Would somewhere like Breda also be quite Belgian-feeling
I think anti-immigration people wouldn't mind immigrants from Belarus in my country
Does [this link] work
Argentina, it is big but eehh
Where the hole is supposed to be, there is now small church
Or, you'll end up in Dark Age
But people seem to think guns are somehow 100x more deadly
Now show the same places without shitty oversaturation filters and lens effects
Now, I don’t know how to solve Europe’s train related problems, but it sure needs some looking into
Danes have the exact same
I look up to Slovenia as hard workers who got out of the post-communist shit really well, has *BEAUTIFUL* nature, nice people.
where do you get your meat from
Procure 1000 years of history first
For example, when "a" conjunction is used for merging information period is not used
also the cougar that escaped around june and is wandering around somewhere in Vysočina right now
Edit: first world war
Well, it didn't take long, I like it.
Old buildings were built centuries before the asbestos invention
Is it true that in marriage Hungarian women often take not just husband's last name, but also his first name
Similarly with Serbians
They offer food, you came to eat that food, what's wrong with it
Despite it's flaws (which every country has) I generally really like my country.
Not as much as Scottish Gaelic, though, so Nordic languages still have some catching up to do
The vast majority of people don't give a crap about guns, this is a safe country afterall, so you don't really need to have a gun
Probably an obvious anwser
We've lost 40% of our population
[Check this out] \- a really nice story from his grandson that might make it clearer
Such a missed opportunity for Europe, sigh
Who doesn't like boredom, Berlin is the place.
If you're asking about why they shortened the name, probably because it's shorter
around 33EUR for 200/20 which is the speed I have.
And what concerns the event itself, I'm ... unmoved
I didnt noticed anything about ventilators in news I saw
I basically do agree with the exception that Syrians in Germany - at least many of them - are war refugees, as the life in the Turkish/Lebanese camps is (probably, haven't been there) not good for single women, families with school-aged children, disabled persons, gays etc.
Most of them forget about their country by the second or third generation.
million = milion
Instead, American muslims tend to blend into american society.
The "dragon" (in Brno)
But hot damn if NFS, Forza and Initial D taught me anything
He was from Iceland and Iceland is in Europe
She was in the cabinet
Americans are just Russians that take showers daily, no wonder you are in love <3
Yes indeed, but a week after the government revealed the news, he came out and damage controlled af for Russia
It's basically the same meaning as in English - chřestýš, because his tail chřestí.
We are very touchy when it comes to anything with Russia
It also wouldn't carry over the name recognition of **Czech** Republic.
Iraq and Iran are actually now pretty close
This is cool, thank you for this
To Německo (Neut), ta Amerika (fem), (actually can't come up with male on the spot but it exists)
For me it is still that socialistic weak disgusting attempt to fake a CocaCola or Pepsi (which didn't worked well because both Coca and Pepsi were known (and bottled) here) made by pharmaceutical company with leftovers from roasting coffee.
I undestand Youtube can be confused because I switching between three languages
EU isn't a military alliance, it doesn't have that kind of power.
FB was supposed to be testing cross app messaging on their apps afaik, but I'm not sure if anything came out of it
Thanks my fellow neighbor
\+10% consumer goods from factories
Maybe sexual revolution of the 60's?
Same is for Heroes of the Storm
Czech R is very similiar to the scottish "tapped R", if not entirely identical
Tatti IT
I'm just glad there's no oil in CZ.
Won’t be in it that much difference, but I can think of something really weird
Why would I buy something that limits me from running the software that I want to run the way that Apple does
I live in one of the most secular countries in the world, no one in my family including me is a Christian (not even baptized) and it doesn't trouble me at all.
I know about this, it's hilarious
The border between Slovácko and Upper Hungary was actually fairly blurry and wasn't closed in a sense that we know from the 20th century
> electoral college
They do have to agree which surname will be their kids surname when marrying though
And Master Splinter
It's still only 14 planes
Brain drain is going to happen regardless, cutting the program would be terrible idea.
I came here to say Czechia’s the world’s largest producer of poppy seed (despite its small size) and that I personally absolutely love it
They can be unpaid as long as we don't do any productive work (aka do actual work for the company)
Do you not know anything about 20th century history
Charles University in Prague and Masaryk University in Brno as a whole, but there are also very high quality specialist schools like engineering ČVUT and VUT or chemical VŠCHT
Byl pozdní večer – první máj – (It was late evening – first may)
Otherwise the fridge just seems more convenient and keeps them fresh for longer
We have [*regions*] for that (something like counties I guess).
I just want someone who can walk and isn't an old drunk
Sweden, but I think people are exposed a lot more to meatballs in Ikea rather than Sweden itself.
Roman remains, magnificent mosque-cathedral
It looks more like April/May than June - only two days with temperatures above 25 °C.
It's a theory, but where's the conspiracy?
I think closer to the cowboy archetype for the Japanese would be rōnin
What
And still there's no trace of Hallormsstaðaskógur
People from Prague make fun of people from Brno because Prague is only city in Czechia with a subway
There are definitely loose cats in the countryside, but again, I'm not sure if they are strays, or have an owner and just roam around freely
> That we are lazy
In my fields it is most common, that people drink mainly when together at pub and would not have a beer at home
What about United Republic of Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia
Downloading for personal use is perfectly legal so file-sharing sites (like Rapidshare used to be) are quite popular.
Only if you live in city center and look of the building is protected by historians, you have to have regular wooden ones
That's the most American thing a tourist can ask
Wait, Sweden used to drive on the left or what
can't remember exact words as it is years ago but it was something like Imagine how this place would look if we didn't jumped into war
November 17 is an old event going back to 1939, when students were attacked by Nazis [(btw.
Visit Italy, Rome, Firenze, Venice.
Hey, I know Poland soldiers invaded us recently, but we are not annexed yet
I definitely think it's just a misunderstanding
2000 million liters a year total
Slavic languages have lots of them
I guess most people will have home and household insurance and personal liability.
What's wrong with Russian Ministry of Culture
We have no duty to retreat either
Now it barely ranks in top 500 universities
The aging and alcoholism just counted that in the last years
Alps, tunnels, lakes, flag, banks, tax evading, 4 languages, traditional, neutralism, expensive, chocolate, Davos, UN, CERN
Hussite wars have great stories in general
I think daily we have a few
It’s die ‘cause it’s feminine in Czech
Every country is run by a not-entirely-controllable critical mass of people that inspire others for the better or worse and influences the public sentiments and actions
Never seen them
*Promovaní inženýři*, especially because at one point the lyrics go "*I'm bright, my sister's not*" and as the younger, less bright sister, I identify with the statement
maybe they have other qualities, that small boys would appreciate
you're my new minister of foreign affairs.
I mean, we take it a bit too far with our philosophy and basketweaving majors.
I used to drink a lot of milk until I was put on medication that makes me extra gassy
What's a UK
Like "Nikdo nezraněn", literally "Nobody not injured" actually means "Nobody injured" in Czech, even though it said the opposite even in Czech
are Spaniards the closet French lovers who fiercely deny it?
First of all, pedestrians need to cross the street sometimes
The murderers have never been punished
A sound of beating drum (actually a plastic canister being hit with water) in an abandoned adit
HOW
Try to put it into singular
More of a dogwhistle, I'd say
I wish we could make a Kalasatama in Prague but building here takes so fucking long
Also some geographical locations (like **Worcestershire**) are pretty hard to pronounce too, but they don't come up in conversations that often
Some things are simply so horrible, that not all people manage to get over them
I have a cable TV package: Internet + TV (100 programs - 41 of them in HD) + movie library + tv archive for last 7 days - for 850CZK (= €31.50) per month.
Not that many young people use the slangs today, but it can be still challenging even with basic words that we use
We even had a "Farewell, Covid" party in June
I think I'd rather vote for a party that is trying to help minorities in general.
yeah it means exactly what you write :)
I can understand your point, but not everyone has restricted access to the research.
I'm more familiar with people saying "Ahoj" than "Dobrý den" while I'm cross country skiing and also while canoeing
"Oh, you're from the Czechia
The UK is lucky on the other hand as Indians are some of the most hardworking people alive.
Unused objects are slowly falling to disrepair or are demolished, but remain popular among urbexers, larpers, airsoft and paintball players and similar groups
I don't drink beer, or any alcoholic drinks for that matter
Step: 1 Take the biggest current Prague number
I guess it depends on why you are speeding
17th century Portuguese were basically Vikings of the Indian ocean.
Your ministers who represent the UK's national interests in the Council of the EU are indirectly elected
Also, I've never received a single parcel from them at our house, they always just leave a card saying nobody was home and that I have to come pick it up
Bc is 3 years, magister is either bc + 2 years or 5 years in a row, medics have 6 years instead and you can also study bit longer, I had 6 years instead of 5 because of half a year pause
You are just jelly of our special relationship!
" To be, or not to be, that is the question "
[Bras d'honneur] gesture used to be quite common in Czechia before the middle finger became more prevalent.
I would have to be insane
Blasphemy
Based policeman
50 - 8, except my high school didn't - some days started at 7
They get paid the same amount of money per patient so it's more profitable to have someone who's fine than someone who you actually have to spent the money on treating
It doesn't matter if we spend more.
demonstrations
Nuclear plants are better, but for some reason you guys are closing the last one in 2022 and the last coal one in 2038
Well luckily for you there exist places that are fairly unmoderated (various chans), but they tend to turn into an absolute cespool of (mainly rightwing) extremism
Tough question
One would think that "I'd rather vote ANO over <literally anything that isn't commies or fascists>" wouldn't be an idea people would hold in 2019
Eventually she finds herself battling against the regime which gets increasingly tightened after the Soviet intervention.
From what my Finnish friend told me, its a tradition to register a child when its born
The concept of home owner associations and how much power they apparently have over what you do with your property
Oh yes
Source: have a daughter on one of those schools
I read a Christian Syrian family were unable to enter.
Remove the blue
We have our own Bohemian deck, vastly similar and coming from Bavarian (south german) deck
Haha
Good points
(staring at Hungary)
Here it's once a week and even then then floor is still much cleaner than what he had in Ireland
There's technically no law forcing anyone to follow a particular book or version of the rules outside of schools, but the Institute's publications carry a lot of weight
He was nicknamed the Butcher of Prague
I came here to say this
I guess there's not enough freedom in metric
At least in my social circle
most people I can see are using some kind of trek/mountain bike
Best was really in Czechia
It was so big, that it is a meme for like 5 years
[Czech] Police: Crime rate down 12 percent last year
yikes
And it's the perfect combination of a rough consonant grouping and a soft deminutive
Pass read as [pa:s]  means belt
Hawaii was and independent state up to 1898, it was annexed
Whether or not Poles are stealing British jobs is subject to debate (AFAIK economic scientists don't have a consensus).
You are one of those pseudo communists
Those are much more even I'd say
The only colour difference I can think of is that:
Ironically, the only time I had bad reaction to my Spanish was in Barcelona, where an old fellow demanded me to speak Catalan
Oh and pretty much anything from Čokovoko, especially *Sebevražda* and *Etapy v životě ženy*. The music is so bad but the lyrics are so smartly crafted and so hilariously Brnoesque
Besides, a lot more people carry pepper sprays or other weapons mostly banned in other countries because 'the state is here to protect you'. Overt political correctness isnt an issue here either
We have "Pricing Law". It has been applied recently due to human idiots that were selling respirator masks for huge amount of money in the beginning of pandemics
However, UK is the least appealing to me
No, that would be super weird here
In reality because of his murder, Boleslaus said no to Germans and defeated them and released Bohemia of paying tributes
It's shocking how similar the photos look to the ones we have in our family albums
I've never heard of them
I don't know how badass it is but i think that kladivo and kovadlina (anvil) souds good for the clanking of forge
Polish mayo
That won't hurt you directly, but the ability to recover from brain damage is greatly reduced.
We used to go to a friend's wine cellar before the afternoon PE class.
The process took several years before our intelligence services were stabilized (in terms of HR).
That's why they're using their old army to threaten, because they have nothing else.
By 1946 we were by all intents and purposes a vassal of the USSR, and unfortunately people knew nothing about it
Even a country of a similar size like you, Slovenia, is separated into two regions.
I imagine Sealand would have a problem with that
Even the Chinese understand now that leaders should be replaced after 10 years.
Well we may have our own Japanese nationalists, but we don't have korwin-mikke so it's nowhere near as hilarious to watch
Woman is expected to do most of housework, stay with a child at least 3 years at home.
You are right though, plenty of time the meat is done wrong and ends up tasting like shit.
Check for Pizza Comeback, they are at two places in Prague
Our secret is our national bank prints money to increase inflation so there goes that.
But it makes sense since y'all have a fuckton of gas
It's funny how all are blonde except for the
No, no, the word is actually used quite often in the current Czech political climate
The latter is simply a hypercorrect form (i.e. incorrect) of the former
Portugal - the wildcard of European maps
Their party leader is regular participant of "for family" demonstration during Prague Pride.
It’s allright many people do that (about half of ústí does it) so i don’t take it badly
After a quick diplomatic intervention of france and britain we stopped our petty conflict
I don't like *vepřo knedlo zelo* (our national dish) and I'm not an Atheist
Whereas the prime minister is just the victor of elections, so they'll be a decisive, polarising figure that can get replaced much more frequently
Because here in ex-Eastern bloc, we never heard of that.
I'll add to this and say that Czechs don't really move to other Slav countries, because they don't really have a reason - Czech salaries are one of the best in post-socialist countries, cultures are similar and we have women as hot as other Slavs.
It was no problem in tha past with us since we were also part of big group of kids going, there's fewer kids nowadays so it may not seem so "safe" but that's how it is
[Of course
You can go on about various other reasons, but I think the price is most significant, kids who could afford iPhones and Macbooks in my high school/college would mostly pick them over high-end Android devices (those who didn't study in IT-related fields, anyway)
For example, while at butchery shop, you more likely say: "I'd like fifteen deka of this ham" instead of "I'd like one hundred and fifty grams of this ham".
Well
So we'd go from having no sea and no mountains to having both?
Yes
I think they hanged him first
Thanks to a strong generation, we can compete with the Dutch in women's ice skating, but currently we do also very well in women's biathlon and snowboarding.
I should study my city's history a bit more
ANO is the ruling and biggest party, they are a catch-all populist party, very hard to pinpoint any kind of ideology, they just do whatever brings the most votes
Ehm, no
I get that muslims are not very popular in here, but the asian community here is pretty big and pretty much liked by everyone except a few bitter old ppl and outright nazis
Normally, one given name and one family name, say "Jana Nováková". Some folks get a second given name when they are christened (as children or adults), say "Jana Marie Nováková", and some folks have a double family name after they get married, appending their spouse's name to theirs (but usually the wife adopts the husband's surname, abandoning her own), say "Jana Marie Nováková-Horáčková".
People who prefer to wake up and go to work earlier can do so, but those who hate it cannot do the opposite
Completely normal, the quality of tap water here is more than OK
They had no relation to the places they were settled, so it showed.
I should study my city's history a bit more
What's up with Sjælland
We’re good with just ours
Also the amount of old houses with outdated energy concept
Nah, you were right before
Yes, but this is usually connected to determining the correct form of adjective to be used with each noun
A prostitute snatched a phone from my neck when I was in elementary in exchange for used Sparta prague tickets
They will have large burden of people in my opinion that they will have to feed.
But yeah in general, Czech is considered one of the more difficult European langauges
Some decided to invest some of them just did no smoking restaurants.
I always wondered what's the origin of that name
Their culture and language is extremely similar, but I don't think anyone consideres Slovaks to be Czechs.
Young people move to the cities while families move out of the cities to the Czech version of “suburbs“ aka villages v close to the big cities
Just do it in the toilet/bath like normal people
can confirm, due to some legacy reasons I had a phone with British number on my desk
The vietnamese often run corner shops, they sell cheap clothing, have small businesses, etc.
This is not a word, but it's fascinating to me nonetheless, compare the Japanese `ん` and European `n`, they're so frickin similar and represent the same sound
It might have been an unthinkable idea for most, because the Austrian empire was something that lasted for centuries and there was also a history of Czech revolts that ended really badly, so it's hardly strange that people were not keen on repeating that, but that doesn't mean that most Czechs didn't want an independent state, it just means that they didn't think it was a realistic thing
I feel offended
This is **propaganda** - plain and simple.
It's fun
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
You learn only a couple of words and suddenly you understand a lot more
It might be the case that Americans couldn't decipher what kamelåså percents means.
EDIT: as this question arose in comments to other countries' courts: all judges retire at the age of 70
LETS GOOOOO
We have a lame wordplay
[Jara Cimrman, Ležící Spící]
As a kid I thought that 'the Baltics' (Pobaltí-Pribaltika) were one country, since they were always referred to as a grouped up thing
If every single country was generating surpluses relatively as large to their economy size, as Germany, the system would implode.
I hope the camera was not damaged
Then you usually get thanked by the driver
Here in Czech Republic the guys who work for Skoda and other car companies make loads of money.
Well we already had the left-wing, so I'd go with the right-wing for a change.
"zavináč" is this:
Teaching there is not great or  good
I originally wanted to write state police, but then I changed it, because it might get someone confused, states sometimes mean a region of a country, not a country itself (in USA or Germany for example)
I might just as well struggle anywhere because I'm not at all familiar with respective regional vocabulary
But you know, we have to have this PC bullshit as to not offend any culture or customs.
Sweep
As for that, my mother attempted to learn, but there's only so much a course once a week can do
I wouldn't say it's so bad but on the other hand, I'm a local not tourist.
But hey everyone has a different taste
Also in the winter you can literally see the border between South Bohemia and Austria, because the road quality and the fact that you can't salt the roads in National parks in Czechia, so you literally go from 40 km/h to 90 km/h (or 100
If I wanna read political bullshit I would go to r/politics ot r/The_Donald
It is funny that USA is claiming how christian is and doesn't have it
Ok now to be serious, we vote for parties, and the party that won (biggest percent of votes) or the one that forms a coalition, almost always, the leader of winning party becomes the PM
of course it's a thing
People from two different countries were drinking beer together even during the times these countries were at war
It says more about the media than it does about Trump.
Remember that some doors are just painted
I don't have any place in my tiny apartment, so it's the fridge
in the entire country
It documents direct battles between Georgian and Russian forces
It is a lot wealthier country, the living standard is clearly closer to Austria or Czechia than to Bosnia, Serbia, Montenegro, Romania or Bulgaria
), really baffling
Czechlands doesn't contain weird sounds.
Nowadays the debate is more balanced, but in 2015 WE elites failed to grasp why some CEE countries reacted differently towards the migrants/refugees than WE countries.
A great way to get the mad cowboy disease
&#x200B;
Malta: some island, the word mean Mortar in Czech (as in masonry)
Germans gave us Sudety back so we are cool, Austria is nice quiet neighbour, Slovakia is our little brother and Poland is a big weird guy but friendly
Unless something like 9/11 happens, like it did for Bush.
He was portryed on many photos at that time but either from huge distance (100s of meters) or standing facing back to camera
It’s kind of a punching bag of a city
You just need to get a bit closer but once you are within reach
where and what they wear
Wassup Slovakia
But in high school, every math and physics teacher will expect you to be able to write it
We're the best in the whole EU
The public opinion is being manipulated.
Another one:
Often when in a film or a show from the US they try speaking Czech it takes me few sentences to recognize it's supposed to be Czech
"I read it on reddit so it must be true" you can use it but you won't because it sounds like some kind of genital herpes, right
I know
Now consider there are idiots in this country who would want a Czech-out
Byste × by jste
STABLE GENIUS at work again
It's a fish, so tradition stands, but unlike carp it's tasty
I always thought my language is pretty hard to start with
You're not even taught that in schools, like ever
Premyslids moved their capital from the *Levý Hradec*, which is a few kilometers north from Prague (now part of a 8,000 inhabitants town of Roztoky) in late 800s or early 900s.
The Party was a place where a real power was
It's just a tip of the iceberg
I can't think of a foreign movie where anyone speaks Czech, maybe except for a few lines in Saving Private Ryan (but those were actual Czech people), but in video games, the Czech language gets absolutely butchered pretty much every time
I tend to be careful and slow on those roads, but I usually am more careful than the average joe here
Ahh, should I check my privilege?
Wolves also do not attack humans, but are a bit more problematic because shepherds have to change their ways to protect sheep
So when I looked at it (QC16.1) the percentages (I presume you used them) are really the same.
don't reply to this, people, it'll just make his troll boner harder.
com
The market and people participating in it are too complex system to be planned for years forward
Similar case in Czech history is burnt down villages Lidice and Ležáky
The Czech Republic is a sovereign, united and democratic state based on the respect of law and freedoms of man and citizen
Játrové knedlíčky (liver dumplings, excellent in soups)
Stop lying
You should visit Cyprus
As we have it too, I now think it's an A-H thing.
Majority of Czechs never heard about it (incl.
that has nothing to do with liberal EU, that is driven by money and cheating for certain corporations
50 USD, but also for 6 USD
This is what the EU directive says:
That’s fine
The fact that they expand it in that direction makes me dread the future.
Edit: It's worth noting taht Czech retribution was one of the most severe and bloody in all of Europe, whereas Slovak was very mild
Yes I do
How surprising
I was the same
It used to be unofficial hussite "anthem".
Though I realize I might be in a minority
And if they don't, they can always find at least one mutual friend
I always knew you were important
Danny DeVito had few Czech lines in some movie and he learnt it very well that you cannot tell it's not his language
Not a movie, but they nailed it in The IT Crowd
I think I lost the last debit card, no clue what happened with that, but I think I lost it rather than somebody stole it
I had no idea Turkey has skin heads.
Exactly the same here
Neville Chamberlain, 28 September 1938
In the US they have Politifact but it had become horribly biased during the Trump campaign.
"zavináč" - impossible to translate literally really, but the meaning is a "roll". There is also a dish named "zavináč", and it is a sour fish rolled with onions and sauerkraut
The strange thing is, that its walls are always a bit moist
Das Semmal Brötchen it is then.
Fun fact: people sometimes keep live carp in their bathtubs to be killed, fried and eaten on Christmas Day
When I was younger I didn’t like most of Czech food, because it’s mostly veggie sauces, but the more older I am the more I love them, but there is stil one think I wouldn’t ever eat, Prdelačka- soup from blood
At least they didn't ask about the Roma
No wonder - no interesting pictures like in Yugoslavia
lucid — however, this rather belongs to academic texts instead of meetings
I dunno, There's nothing special about them that I like or I know I guess
However, you see lot of our native languages in our national subs
Well, I also prefer raisins to Hitler, so there's that
Communism
so what, like renaming EU to British empire and inviting the rest of Commonwealth?
Definitely not in a full urban bus or similar
Like we have a dish called Spanish bird but reaction from Spain is WTF?
I keep hearing how disgustingly awful it is so I wonder what the experiences do you all have?
For me there seems to be big differences between over 50s, then people 35-50 and then under 35s are different again
>Brno
It is pretty visible always when the question "Should we give back to church everything that was confiscated by commies?" Hell no is the usual public answer even from pretty anti commies people and it also means that state has to care about all that shit.
There were a lot of national socialist parties in interwar Europe and pretty much none of them bar for the German one had even a slight resemblance of the NSDAP agenda
Distance scales sometime feels weird
He was actually from Czech low nobility, with mostly czech ancestors
> A majolka - a decorated wine jug
I'm usually more than willing to take trains or even buses instead of planes for the sake of our environment, but when plane tickets are 4 or 5 times cheaper than public railways, that makes me a bit salty
Because of that, our immigrants actually have a higher employment rate than the natives and we also have the lowest poverty gap between our non-EU immigrants and the rest of the population (natives + EU migrants).
There is no real plan in place so they’re ad-hoc putting new measures in place as if they didn’t have months to prepare
And Turkey until it gets its shit together.
Weird
Male form: *Novák*, *Malinský*
The maximum price of COVID test is currently set by the government so no company can charge more
TTIP wasn't a case of lobbying for protectionism or hating on tariff free goods exchange.
The place where progress is made!
That's simply not true and there's nothing to prove that
It's also worth mentioning that despite they were called robots, they weren't robots in the modern sense but artificial organic life forms, much like replicants from Blade Runner
Because there apparently is no difference between EU countries of today and our predecessors from 100 years ago ...
Yeah ontacts were made in the 19th century and Czech national revival had had notable impact on the Slovak one, but even in the middle ages Slovaks came to study in Prague for example
If you give unlimited access to your funds to your kid, you are either stupid or have strong belief that you raised your kid responsibly
So I celebrated my birthday by making microwave popcorn and watching battlestar galactica
There are many excellent Spanish cheeses, some Greek and Cypriot ones (Kefalotyri for one, plus niche things like Feta and Halloumi), and I had good cheeses from Norway (this sweet brown cheese), Sweden, Lithuania (they follow the Swedish tradition, Džiugas is similar to Swedish ones), Austria (Bergkäse), UK (cheddar, stilton)
I do not want to be overly confident, but we will wait and see.
Don't worry, we replaced the pen thief with an alcoholic pig
I have a Germanic surname and English first name yet I am generic Czech
* US wants us to be their canon fodder in whatever cowboy powergrab they planning next month
The word "robot" is probably the most regularly used thing a Czech man invented
Both depend heavily on hit placement
And a funny story, my wife told me I kill every conversation anyone tries with me without knowing
I find it hugely hypocritical how so many defend the right of private companies to censor free speech on their websites (be it hate speech or not), but the second China is involved everyone is again such practice (and yes, they are the same people, lot of them straight up admitted it in various threads)
With no offense, makes sense
More of it should be pedestrianised
The coworker with an alcohol problem
**Brno:** rivalry with Prague, funny dialect, student city, dragon, being joked about a lot
Yeah, this is practiced in some parts of Czechia (mostly eastern Moravia I think), but only in certain villages
Rusty blue Ford van, with visible place where used to be post logo, can cost few hundred of crowns pre day (less than €40)
I'd say under 8, generally speaking
Without them the Seljuks crush you
Maybe it's because i don't know much about other countries, but i choose my country
You'd need the homicide stats of the European side for that
Yea it's pretty known in my circles
Pre-1989, we did not have Monopoly here due to its capitalistic nature which the USSR did not approve of, so we had another similar board game, still played today, called Dostihy a Sázky (something like Horseraces and Bets), where instead of buying businesses, you are buying horses, etc
Edit: But yeah, if finding the bottom was of a really significant scientific importance, like if we knew there's answer to the life, the universe and everything hidden at the bottom, we sure would have already found it
But if I actually cared about it, I wouldn't use a V8 Jeep for it
It's often *highly* biased and opinionated, very few or old sources and sometimes you see these sections which are obviously just copied from some dusty history book because they are written in an antiquated language
The babies are back up again, they were taken down for a bit for maintenance work or something like that
We are not eastern europe we are centra
Well, I can't exactly say that it gives me wood
Shouldn't be there a switch to add possible second term?
Stuff like that should never happen again
But I'm from Czechia and it's very easy for us to go to another country since you can reach the borders in three hours from nearly anywhere
French has no roots to Czech true but, Russian alphabet looks like it's been written by a slightly drunk crackhead, we could debate about it but I'm not in the mood to debate RN
Because if not, you cannot call your clothing “similar to Czech”
thanks, the number for Czech Republic seemed too low.
I have no idea whether it's still true, but I would not be surprised.
And what matters is that KC:D and Mafia are just great games
Yeah, accidental shootings are rare, here, they mostly involve hunting accidents because old hunters didnt have to know much about shooting to get a licence during the commie era and nobody could justify taking their licences away
no shaped penises should be shown
The guy it was about said that he didn't originally believe in racism or the Nazi ideology, but after he lost his girlfriend years ago, he was so desperate and felt so betrayed that he wanted to find something to relieve his desperation and anger on
I search for D and move up and Czech Republic comes up.
And I bet you are not constitution expert, you just read something from a yellow newspaper
Unorganized and untrained militia would do little to nothing anyway.
How is Albania these days
Nováková. If the man's surname ends with a vowel, it is usually omitted: Mr
Don't mind me, just checking if it works
Yup, we also have a cat (the outside killing one), but nowaday every winter she is in the city and inside for the retirement.
i - and/too
If you mean which animal does the most damage statistically, then ticks (encephalitis, Lyme disease) and bees and wasps (allergies, anaphylactic shocks)
Also there is a nice air base nearby
Yes, I know, but it could still create instability.
It's like, we were Spain call Castile
Because lot of Brits are extremely xenophobic toward everyone from country eastern then Berlin
I know, French protest and revolution are the best, but I think, that our were great too
It lost its importance because there were no industry, and it wasn’t connected well to railroad
Helke medreeké nesedévej e peteke, ...
Zeman and Babiš are the ones currently holding power, so they had to be elected, so it's as if American said Trump
I honestly wanna know what 6 wars did Czechia partake in that Slovakia didn't
Once they disagree on something, they'll act like to-the-death enemies
We have Pičín, based from the word piča which is pretty much a cunt
It is just how things was
Hvala sound like chvála - praise
The Czech republic has this, so does Slovakia, Austria, Switzerland and probably others that I don't know about.
*they are 7-11 years old
million = milion
I love how the Slavic, English and German names sound nothing alike
not at all, and I don't see why east anything should be meant as an insult to anyone.
Unfortunately, NATO states bordering Russia were lopped in together with those countries.
Because that's just how it is
Except Trump never once said anything about development aid.
Absolutely taken down
Frogot that
It wouldn't hurt to have included the 2006 percentages.
If anyone outside Germany should get blame for WW2, it's France
It's weird completely by itself.
but what is the purpose of this queue
Plus the employers are willing to close both eyes when having some workers on tourist visa, in the US.
the radio building is a ruin together with its surroundings
Now our drunkard president Zeman embarasses us everytime he speaks
* John Lackland = Jan Bezzemek
Residents of Eastern and Southern EU countries - why don't you move to the West for better salaries?
If anyone has any
because you have to look closely at the particular countries.
Yes, If Czechia will be approved we will use both of them.
People are hypocrites
AFAIK they defaulted and only settled for 1/5th of the total debt owed.
So for example Japan in football, whoever is the underdog in the ice hockey matches and so on
interestingly, Russia is one of the most ISIS-fighter producing countries
When I was there a guy drove me for couple of hours
I would like to point out this:
After 21
Czech republic is quite Prague-centric and it shows
If this hypothetical person shares an apartment with a whole bunch of people, then maybe they can save 200€ a month or so at most
Yes, I do know hes not Czech, but thats kinda irrelevant
No morals, no pride
Babis has the most power out of the bunch
I don't have that opinion
I don’t really feel that way, if you aren’t Slav, there is no way you will pronounce our words right (as a tourist) and I think it’s much faster to just speak English, just say:”I’m sorry I don’t speak your language, do you speak English
As for horoscopes i dont know anyone who reads them or believes in them.
beer for 13
Mainland Europe just parties harder
while I completely agree, I would still keep the positive attitude and expect the better of the person, before he proves me otherwise.
&#x200B;
Make Austria-Hungary great again!
Thank you
Everywhere else
Our christmas cult movie is [Tři oříšky pro Popelku/Three Wishes for Cinderella] It's ultimate classic here.
Thank you
In ASOIAF she just
Well they are using maritime laws, but the only reason China's agrees to follow them is nuclear weapons.
So DONT ELECT DANGEROUS PEOPLE even into ceremonial functions
> blame outsiders for something that was actually done by Czechs
Yes, in some schools
Czech fertility rate was 1
We broke all the no snow records this year
I envy them a lot for that :D
We can of course play 'what if', but the reality is that we don't know what would happen
Democrats have to try harder, there is no wonder they vote for a populist who tells them what they want to hear instead completely ignoring them because white males can't have any issues
I can't find a good photo though, people make shitty photos on internet
(70) The steps taken by online content-sharing service providers in cooperation with
/u/qi1, have you used the search function before posting?
She expected there to be no cars or clean water
You're gonna put it in the fridge once it's open anyway, so why keep 2 different spots dedicated to it
"Oh, you are from Czechoslovakia
Pavia FIN
You don't know how good you have it
t_d started as a troll subreddit, but enough serious people latched on to be midly disturbing
Tillola FIN
Definitely legilize, I've met some people that are into it and they're way more chill people than people that are into alcohol
My great-grandfather made his apartment a safehouse for the resistance troops during the occupation by Germans and he got a medal for honor
There were dead and injured, many people were arrested and faced brutal treatment by the police and militias
nothing was left if something was build, there were some roman military camps and that's pretty much all
Thats funny coming from a Hungarian
Your average gun owner goes to a shooting range more than that because it's also a hobby and more training automatically means they are better with a gun
In Czechia- Twice per year to the dentist for check (its included in your insurance) and twice per year to dental hygienist (paying this from my pocket)
We can protest and have riots all we want, it does nothing.
Jobs in IT in Prague often get western European salaries and almost never require Czech in the workplace.
One of your top aides, Martin Nejedly, was a former partner with Lukoil, the Russian oil giant, in a Czech subsidiary.
It's not like you can't get rid of it and people surely know it's a health hazard
- Ship propeller
There were a few re-uploads that worked even before
My money was on South Dakota being the one in the north
Why
Three speeding tickets and you can wave your license goodbye for a year
Thankfully it seems like most have gotten over it
it does get better if you watch the fireworks from the Petrin hill instead (the hill above Charles bridge and the Old town) but fair enough :)
And then you get gradually accepted by the regulars until one day you might get invited to the table
Some names are from the old Testament
Politically insignificant
I guess you're right
Not sure about a stronger difference between Poland and Czechia though
One of them later died in a hospital.
In your own words:
so, she isn't comfortable with equal rights?
He’s hated because everyone thinks he causes the crisis by stealing the tax money
What we see as madness is the way your politicians are trying to prevent gun related deaths using all the wrong tools
He, she, it
Fun thing is, that you can access these areas from most cellars of older buildings
So it is not that clear-cut
" and "Without intellectual copyright, they don’t get paid
How nice of them
Thats why they did their best to keep the Democrats from taking their posts in Slovakia, through any emans necessary (harassment, illegal arrests through the StB, trying to associate them with the L'udova strana that was active during WW2)
We call McDonald's "Mekáč" and KFC "Ká Efko".
Also 30 years war started and ended in Prague
Anvil, or "kovadlina" in Czech
Wait, German Unity Day isnt about Bismarck, true unifier of Germany
The founder of the car brand Porsche - Ferdinand Porsche was Czech
I can imagine such contests for foreign languages like English, French, or Spanish - older kids usually have some knowledge of at least one foreign language, so they could compete in that
Well Sámova říše was established around 624 and that is probably the first time we existed as a separate country
We're already making enough
Every police officer is armed with service pistol, in our case CZ 75 D compact, some police patrols have long firearms in the trunk of the car
We were thrown to the soviet sphere and they made sure to keep us there.
Sea food isn't my go-to but there are worse things to eat
" - Jeez, and like what
I don't mind
While 1993 is the birthyear of the current Republic, it is very far from representing how old the country is, which is at the very least  822 years
I would rather say a big part of Czechs feel uncomfortable around them
When you have to translate "Streich" then "Holz" and then "Schachtel" to get ONE word ffs
The problem is that most people would like to use JHP for self-defence because FMJ bullets suck due to deflection and penetration
I like that a lot
let's call it "One Europe" are total bullshit
That's interesting, I'll check out that study later when I have time.
There's a complicated system of discounts, but for the normal price you can ride 15 to 25 km for one euro
This is highly memable, but on the other hand I really dont want to desecrate this mans honour
It does sound weird at first, but it's shorter and easier to write, so I use it sometimes too.
I might be willing to pay for Greece if they agree to allow the EU to jail any of their politicians or businessmen if they're found guilty of corruption in a neutral court.
KL and Malaysia itself are awesome, definitely recommend it
Cool
The tower gate was still not repaired since their last visit, and that was 400 years ago.
I am trying to understand what their fucking problem is
They're not traditional, but they are delicious (if you're not buying them for 100Kč lol)
It sounds like my cat when shes puking
Not any more expensive that any other kebab joint/fast food chain.
Austria - Rakousko
I've launched the first video
I like English memes more, but sometimes we produce something worth nose exhaling
You can have it in 15- age (when traveling within the Schengen area) and you must have it in 15+ age
The issue is political aspect - what they might want in return
Cultural clustering is only natural
We threw a bunch of guys out of a window, because we didn't like the church and started the Hussite wars, in which we were able to defeat 5 crusades the pope sent against us
This is why Czech and Slovak relations are so great since the dissolution.
Beneš was too old and just gave up, but the Soviets would have taken control of Czechoslovakia anyway, just with force
Other Slavs are able to master the pronunciation, for example my mum had a coworker from the Ukraine and he learned Czech in couple of months and now when he speaks you wouldn't know he isn't Czech
There is currently no constitutional law on a referendum - the only one that took place was on the entry to the EU, and it was written as a one time constitutional amendment
As well as those in Africa
You can't make artificial line and say those who came after that year are no longer European.
Honorable mentions: Ústí nad Labem, Trmice, Ostrava, Nový Bor, Česká Lípa
By November 4, 1968 all not-Soviet soldiers left the country
Cheers to that
"it's a sausage to me"
Well, social mobility was, compared to middle Ages, higher
They were sterilised after already having 2-3 kids though
That's not a fast food though, it's considered a standard meal (well, you occasionally can get burgers with fried cheese, even McDonalds tried it)
Anybody who saw the Planes movie in English, there are two commentators, does one of them has an accent
The Brits have essentially wrote the book on many EU trade policies
other people
Female form: *Nováková*, *Malinská*
Latin is literally the cornerstone of the European civilization.
And I wear old t shirts and hoodies so they get some use and the newer ones don't wear out that quickly
But in other EU countries, being or not being an EU national can make the difference between having to pay the tuition fees and not having to pay the tuition fees.
Yes, Prague is really big, but it's a "small town" compared to let's say Paris
24th of December
I'm gonna
8% of austrians voted for joining the Reich
Wait
All
And just like that, Brexit does not look that absurd anymore
The thing is, Slovakia was sorta kinda promised federalisation back when Czechoslovakia was being formed
Zeman also met with Pirates, much more dangerous extremists
Yeah, it made winters interesting and pretty
Rest of the year we spend our time in our clubhouse at the sort of scouting/free time complex on the edge of the city
Tanks aren't feasible against the cartels and gangs.
So, I guess we're even
I went to Italy quite a few times and it always surprised me, that many of the people I spoke to had better german than english
>I don't think it's too bad
Karel Gott a Míšovy šílenosti, duh
No one is even remotely close to you
Looks like some very nice houses in Malmö.
haha, wife had 1st generation of A, 160 if I remember correctly, it was ugly and that sound is unforgettable
You could say "čeština je jiný jazyk", then it would be correct
Available at wholesale retailers
Love this stuff
Honestly no idea
It was fun :(
Yeah, there are a lot of American companies that have this mentality
Ight, I’ll send you a dm
There was, however, an exchange programme of citizens with Hungary later, they were stripped of most civil rights and some of the Hungarians were also dispersed inside the state, mostly to places vacated by Germans
Oh, come on, most of Europe is connected trough *history*.
We also have Eš (between Tábor and Pelhřimov)
So would the Germans, funnily enough
That thing was a shoebox with a mouse on meth under the hood
But that’s what they wanted
His right wing policies and conservatism.
"do you have a mobile with you?
Underrated comment
It has much more interesting history than Brno, and it used to be capital of Moravia
There are some other Europe related subs but none of them is straight about politics
Atleast it's not boring
Technically almost everything in the universe is hydrogen, so unless hydrogen is a meme, it isn't.
I find that the university is only there to give you a basic idea about a lot of things, but to be good at them, you have to use your own initiative
Except youre not just pulling the trigger, not if you want to hit
No, it's not
Subsidies are set to keep people in need just barely above poverty and motivate them to look for a job.
You can go back to your siesta, brother.
Czech Rep
I'm suffering from Stockholm syndrome 12 years later
There is the viperous (?)/zmijovití subcategory - only the snakes in this category aren't called viper if it's not their specific name, the "viper" isn't interchangable with viperous
Source: [
When people talk about the popular vote they often don't take into account that the whole campaign is set up according to the electoral college system.
An expensive car won't, but what about a nice house in Lithuania and a yearly vacation in the tropics?
Name should be selected from an approved list, i.e. random names can't be given
99.99999% of my payments are cash and the rest are bank transfers and debt.
I just love the 1956 uprising flag
where are you from if you don't mind asking
I've always read it as Jupiter !
Romania
Nowadays nobody outside Brno speaks it or understands it and in Brno people understand most of it  but only very few can actually speak it
Yeah, just like nothing starts war faster than throwing political figure out of window
How stupid do you have to be to do something like this
**Other Slavic languages:** I can occasionally understand a word here and there or maybe even some short phrases, but that's about it
Why are here so many Czech posts these days
My French is much weaker than my English, and while I can tell when someone speaks with a weird accent, I can't say where are they from
Wait, that would be 100 Kč/day for 3 people
The Witcher 1 does
I'm not saying Babiš is just like Kaczynski or Orbán, but he as a PM would probably be way more assertive than our current PM.
Indýd.
Yet the irony is, that those corrupted politicians who call for old times, nationalism and who scare people with their apocalyptic visions, are the reason why so many people left.
I got C2(native speaker) certificate when I was 17 and most of my classmates got at least C1 as well
My high school, history basically ended with the dissolution of the Soviet Union, but many teachers here in Czechia fail to get even past interwar period – I was actually quite lucky that we got so far.
5 minutes drive with my car to the train staion, 25 minute long train ride, few minutes to walk to the bus stop, 10 minutes long bus ride, 5 minutes walk to school and you are done or just take the car and be there after 25 minutes
Sometimes, you get confrontation, but it is rare.
It also helps Linz is closer to our borders
"To je mi platné jak mrtvému zimník" = "That is useful (lit
In Czechia that’s a huge distance, out borders are closer that 200 km from capital
They have this whole hierarchy going from the young children to adults
Also super specific dresscodes in schools, I've never seen anyone care so much about what kids/teenagers (let's be honest, girls
Look at the UK, they are too
My point isn't about a strong AI.
Onen Svět (basically a euphemism for death),
You can also make a swearword out of pretty much everything
Inmediatelly many labs stopped testing
Yeah, thats what i mean
) it's without a period
Well only problem is that Greece is imporing lot of stuff.
Why not just enforce proper deactivation procedures?
But you’re right that every time I start getting too
Hi, fellow Europeans (but other can also answer)
But with the far longer train ride not even double Frozen marathon will save you
I bought English version, so
Czech republic run self-instilled austerity program during the latest crisis.
also, neděle means both Sunday and week in Czech (but the „week“ meaning is much less used, it's more like oldfashioned but the meaning is preserved)
I vote for a more central location
It is named Age of Iron- Die eiserne Zeit
So like a mashup of pre-Christian traditions (Beltane) and Walpurgisnacht, it must be a pretty old holiday
Often these middlemen are hired by refugee office to translate/assist, so double income for them.
Plz UK, send more blankets
Expressing myself in czech can feel too intimate to me for some reason
What about countries that want further cooperation in some areas but not in other areas?
They are rare and overpriced in Europe.
The Danube
I'd translate it as "pussy land" tho it could be probably translated better
I don't say that often, but I'd like to thank the police in Prague for an excellent job during the demonstration (closing traffic to enable people to leave easily etc
Got it, thank you :) I would have loved having afternoon shift as a teenager, haha
For our country, that would be [Gutalax] [for] [sure]
Unemployment rates in EU january 2017
Snow in a heavily populated city is just a nuisance as it becomes this “slushy” dirty thing
Kinda boring but makes sense
Do what Slovakia did, ban Islam outright and deport them all
Nowadays I like [this project] more, because it's more universal.
- quintillion = trilión
You are not from Denmark, you are not supposed to find trolls.
If want(you), reply(you) with a sentence, which would have(i) write next
Yeah, my dad is expert with this
Dracula, Dacia, Transfăgărășan
While we're at it, let's get rid of the president and get a cool king
If others wanted the job, they would move.
I think we need not a common language.
Also Dvůr Králové?
We learned about it a little in school, though
Or (relatively) small 2 room (around 40 meters) apartment in historical center of Prague
About as much as the Greek script was based on Phoenician script, or as Proto-Sinaitic script was based on hieroglyphs
You said it yourself, they get brigaded by the_donut and other similar subs, but outside of that it's a fairly moderate sub.
this is a hard thing to answer, because factually the term Czech<suffix> could and should work.
Why are those banned
Everybody should use their own encryption keys rather than relying on the government to help them out.
Czech area was dominated by Rome, but there was competition between Constantinople and Rome about the influnce in parts of Europe at the time.
How very generous of you
I personally “joke” about taking Silesia and Lusatia back
For the majority including me, it doesn't "feel" right
It's not only because of events "70 years ago" - living in the Eastern Bloc, WW2 was reflected differently, there was an emphasis on the Soviets being our allies because they liberated us in WW2, so of course you needed to still dislike the enemy they saved us from
Well, going for a beer or two after school is a thing here :)
Wenceslas and his brother Boleslaus I the Cruel.
Taiwan was pleased and already big investments were promised to become bigger
I stored even a long board in my previous school cuz I didn't have a mopedcar (I won't explain what it is, I am tired of it)
Especially in cyberspace and unconventional warfare
cz is great in CZ, for hiking and anything outdoor they can't be matched
Happy birthday Poland
have to try :) for distance reason we usually visit "something around Gastein area" and due to near border with Germany you will never encounter this in sauna
Just a small city of 10 million people.
Well i guess they simply dgaf :)
It started to grow again in 19th and early 20th century, especially as the capital city of the newly declared Czechoslovakia.
The word "robot" comes from a play written by Karel Čapek
There are two big charity organizations, UNICEF and Czech based People in Need, both running on monthly subscribstion model
I would also probably have already written several collections of poems forgotten by everyone else except for schoolkids who would hate me even in the 21st century for having this boring stuff in their curriculum
So you dont care about who leads the States, Russia or Japan?
I just don't know
In czechia it’s probably Aš. It’s also the westernmost settlement in country
The competitiveness is mainly among individuals, companies, cities and regions.
But we also had conversation classes with native speakers who were usually American.
Everything from Karel May - Vinnetou books etc.
yes, if two monarchs marry each other, and the produce an heir
> My ability to lie to myself has no limits
00000001% chance I could ever get to have
Human and womens rights do not exist in middle eastern countries
I'd be cool with it if were productive in Czech
Not organized and adults (kids are children of tramps)
For Chernobyl you would need really obsolente technology and drunk Soviet staff
We could maybe arrenge a meeting
There is direct ferry route from Zadar to Ancona.
Man Tracks Down People He Photographed in the Street 40 Years Ago to Recreate Their Pictures
healthy and quality food at premises, even for money
My Czech teacher at elementary school went as far as not allowing us to refer to "y" and "i" as how they are pronounced, instead we had to use "tvrdé y" and "měkké i", lol
The shadows seem to be coming from southwest
Then I would also love to visit either the reign of George of Poděbrady and even as far back as the time of Great Moravia under Svatopluk
it doesn't work at all, it just makes you suppress yourself.
The canal
But for example the really incompetent translator of Song of Ice and Fire made terrible job, because she not only screwed the translation as a whole, but chose terrible name translations (some of them), in the middle of the whole saga suddenly translated almost all of them, even though she first used mostly not translated and then, after a book or two, said sorry, I take it back, here we continue with not translated
I don't believe it's possible to ever get so far in common foreign policy that we will have the same opinion on, for example, Israel.
[This] is the kind I'm talking about
* Svatý Václav (Saint Wencelsas)
Like 90% of the things we do are the same as normal scouts would do and that is pretty much the same the Swiss scouts do
I think it's not very fair to those who voted remain and I think it would be a nice gesture from the EU to offer them to opt-in.
Two of my great-grandfathers fought in WW2 - on opposing sides
There are even speculations that he was gonna replace Hitler at some point
Yeah, I know we're not alone in this, but the Czech republic happens to be the country I live in, so I feel like I'm entitled to bitch about it.
Yes, because someone cared more about money than people
Also, I think The Southern City stereotype is valid for most panel housing estates in Prague
For me it is tuna sandwich from gas station
Coal contains a lot of other material (depending on its source) that gets released into air when it burns.
30°C is my limit
Perhaps I am wrong and real Jesus's teaching is to mooch enough money so you can afford jet, nice house, ...
Oh, thats great
Lol, Czechs think alike
I don't know why but I hate sweet pierogi
Thanks to our brothers and sisters from Slovakia for Korbáčiky
So, what are articles
If my family was killed, I would probably also find it difficult to not be bitter about it
since you were 7
were actually succsesful and good for their people
Rest of unused milk can go to fridge but that’s quite rare in our household
I know a guy from the Czech Republic
Sweatpants, I never wear that outside (only when I'm in my parents village house), ugly, hole-y or just too worn t-shirts and old hoodies from the teenage era I wore hoodies (before I gathered enough confidence for more elegant, feminine clothes I actually liked more)
Hasn't really happened for the past few years I think tho
I would be voting for having a trade deal with EU or even some countries if that means having less bureaucracy, because I honestly think that's a bit too much right now
it is same stupid as outside of europe
It was probably even more unpleasant, but no mystery was involved.
I guess Denmark, during summer they make up around 99 % of drunks on the streets of Prague, so they must be people of our culture
mince (coin)
I've lived in Germany too, and I feel like the quality of life is still a good bit higher there, not only in terms of purchasing power, but also the way stuff works (administration, customer services, etc
" rough translation
It is a fast food
I don't know what UK can offer to top Germany, but whatever it is, it's probably not worth the relocation costs and the stress.
We have a tax break of € 43 per child
Same thing is called Slanina in Czech.
There is one guy in commercial with pretty strong meteo background, also holds pilot license where meteo knowledge is mandatory (source: I have this shit too) but he is doing news in general, not the meteo part.
I use induction hob and it's perfect, quick and it is cooled very quickly.
Part of the mentioned Maffia
Funny how  when talking about successes nowadays it's always a Russian win, but when it comes to various atrocities and fuck-ups it's those pesky Soviets who did it
Saying that it has *any* correlation with the data is just narcistic
Perhaps only in the case of economy, Germany is a bigger partner for us, but that's also given by the different size of Germany and Slovakia.
We have nice movies
It made France and the UK renounce the Munich Agreement and put the whole Czechoslovakia firmly on the victor's side after WW2 though
Czech(oslovak)s with the backing and orders from Moscow
Where are you from
I thought, that the forced relocation of German speaking Czechs after WWII or Hilsneriáda were the worst, but this is equally bad or worst
"Do you have a Tv there
Weirdly enough, both meaning would be translated as "stolice" to czech
Comment sections are now basically competions in who can shit on Turkey/Erdogan the most.
Italy is one big pile of chaos, the stereotypes are true
At least compared to other post-socialist countries.
(...)
They always seem to come back, no matter the type of government
Americký úsměv (American smile) - a wide smile showing bright white teeth
The only way to take down the EU as a military union is to use nukes...
White immigrants from the Anglo-word as well
No, Czech Republic is still the official name, as is Czechia
Our koláče are always sweet pastry only.
The king was known in German as Ottokar II.
Only in my house, unfortunately
Language wouldn't be that much of a problem as my English isn't that bad and I am trying to learn Irish, but there are other things holding me back home
Here in Czechia we also used to have a fad in the nineties that we are actually heirs to the Boii tribe, it was probably a desperate effort of some people to distinguish us from the Slavs and Germans who tried to dominate us in the 20th century, but that was a rather ridiculous dead end of course.
Rabits, rabits everywhere
Some portuguese student was attcaked in Poland, cos he looked "foreign" there, etc.
We have the same thing but with Oklahoma
snih
Found this on wiktionary
Granted, the farthest east I've ever been in Europe was Austria.
Well, if Libya was an indicator, we (US) don't call the shots at all.
You can see history wasn’t my favourite subject
If some languages differ from English in the naming of some country, how do you tell whether it says something about those languages, or about English
Sweet, welcome to the 10mils, hopefully you won't invade us again!
He probably made ODS look like devils that should rot in the hell for his voters
I could believe you that it means nothing
už vím jak se Karel Gott cítil když přebíral Slavíka číslo 46
The more when no money were missing and nobody tried to pay with that
Btw dont you have to justify every purchase above a certain number
Is that easier to understand
It's a bit hard to find info on this and I never really bothered to dig deeper, but now that I know what to look for it does indeed seem to be that way
Please don't forget to use the correct pronunciation "["Check-i-ea"] Some people read the "CH" part of the word as "ch", which is wrong
Do you even know what was Molotov-Ribbentrop about
I just see the sub mentioned here and there on reddit and from I understand it's just a parody of /r/the_cheeto
Dude, Western Europe is like a big Amish paradise compared to our "religiousness".
€43 monthly = 40GB data + unlimited calls and SMS
I visited a big festival in Kaunas once and I was told that it was a celebration of Lithuania's independence
Yeah, diktát. Many fond memories
Always gives me a little chuckle imagining that frustrated person saying fuck it, where's my normal keyboard
Non-alcoholic beer is everywhere in CZ and considered an acceptable choice if you've got a reason for it
Wait what the hell
Many end up in ghettos, because they have no other option.
The difference is pretty significant even for rich European countries, I'd guess it's mostly because of our high VAT rates
Universities usually have Czech and English study, but other schools don't. Maybe some private
Some things I noticed about regular scouts here is they have lots of (although sometimes dated) infrastructure - bases in almost every town, many capmsites and so on
It's a Polish cartoon, not a Czech one
What else should he say in situation when the UK is about to leave the EU?
I have finished mafia 1 so many time I lost count
How often do you eat baked beans
Slavic countries have vodník / vodyanoi that do the same things, except for the naked part :D
My name Viktora is common mostly in south Czechia/Bohemia and mostly around cities Czech Budweiser and city Písek, but most people in cz probably never heard this name, also polish names are really common in Silesia and city Ostrava
It has small aircrafts suspended from ceiling of main hall
I personally think that the results are rigged af
I personally park at tesco, so I just put it in the car and go.
Also been there
Hmm, a regular person
* PT: Obrigado
to be fair Ostrava most likely looks more shit but the smog hasn't lifted since the 90s so we can't really see how shit it looks
The air is free of charge in Monaco till now and it is a nice place.
Zaragoza
We meet for a coffee basically on weekly bases
I really like the name Artyom, which is from Russia, so the kid would get weird looks here in Czech republic
Know nothing but giving advices everyone how to do their job properly
Right now, the risk level is high and a zoo isn't the type of institution that would have financial means and the authority to run some full-armed security services.
nah, that's seems way too low, more like 28°C
Complex topic which I would like my country to stay the f away from
Sadly most people dont want to think about these problems
City remodelling, courtesy of the Allied Air Command
You can imagine two pathways in getting to like a particular song/album/artist/band:
Well there is when they find out...
Czech doesn't sound the same as tjek
You have 2 options
Stejk
First you have to be acknowledged as a regular by both service and other regulars
For example in far-right party that often attack gypsies verbally
I lock the door all the time even though the door can't be opened from the outside and you need a key
Foreign state seen behind hack into Czech Foreign Ministry email
Of course all this what I'm saying does not apply to everyone but (judging from the polls) "only" to a majority but even when somebody is against gays, they'll do nothing about it 99,9% of the time (and the remaining % are idiots you can find in every country) because of "well it doesn't affect me so I don't care what they do" mentality.
It should be universal (in the name) and it should be enough to live on (that's what basic means - meeting the basic needs).
Ah, the French empty diagonal, we meet again
I love the beautiful historical centers, the sound of the Arabic language, the cuisine, the pottery, the lovely Mediterranean countryside, the atmosphere in the evenings, the blend of European and Berber culture etc
Jason and Timothy
*Lithuanian breathing on my back*
Pitty, that ordinary people have to suffer due to Erdo and co political idiocy.
We keep our population more or less stable for over a century now, around 10-11 mio (with help of some wars, genocides and similar joyful pasttimes)
Then I heard of some meeting of their presidents and was [pretty baffled
... and in slovak drevo kocúr :)))
I would love to cycle to work but it's just not possible - I work at the other end of the city and cycling would mean I would have to cycle on very busy roads, alongside big trucks etc
I suppose not
Basically, their whole program, contact info, thank yous, etc
It all comes down to the way the question was asked
Čerstvý means Fresh in Czech, Cherstviy means rotten in Russian
It's rather a sugarcube instead of a sugarloaf.
A bit of etymology-
If you don't like your doctor, you can always go to another
RUR, Absolute at Large, War with the Newts, ...
That doesn't even make any sense.
Especially when it comes to Polish which is not fully mutually intelligible with Czech as Slovak is but still relatively well understandable when both sides speak slowly in simpler sentences
I don't know why we didn't just use "Czesko" instead of Czechia to resemble the czech short form
They were oficially (in the eyes of the HRE) a part of the Kingdom of Bohemia since 1212 and even before that they were a part of the Duchy of Bohemia.
Sounds like the Prague airport
Good point but they're doing it right
I bet he felt safe
I read the text and I was like
So I suppose they are not common at all.
Burning witches
The Polish and the Bohemian flags are both derived from their Coats of Arms, a tradition that predates both countries
Just because we have relatively lenient gun laws does not mean that it's completely normal to carry weapons, the vast majority of people don't carry any guns, people who do carry guns are like 3% of the overall population
I got into talk with some Americans that visited Europe and were actually sad it isn't thing in America
In the last legislative elections 2017  there were 31 parties on the ballot and 9 of them got into the Chamber of Deputies (which is the largest number in the history)
Its not like the agents of the USSR actively gathered information or arrested for the direct benefit of the nascent reestablished KSČ, its not like they literally made it impossible for Czechoslovak administrators to reestablish themselves in the liberated Czechoslovak territories
Yes
Pros: safe, liberal and developed country, possibility to get good value for less money in general
*\*laughs in Czech\**
Frank Lloyd Wright alone is enough to make one want to visit US.
I am in that cold hell in the middle
This included a video of a woman giving birth (nope, not just the hollywood style birthgiving with the camera only focused on the woman's face, we had full frontal coverage of the baby getting out of the vagina).
The sad truth is that every politician in our scenes will want to (or end up having to) fuck with you
These are extremely common all around SE Asia
Many people are short sighted and they don't see the big picture.
Pretty briefly but yeah
Important to note that bike lanes in Amsterdam's historical centre (where I presume most of the tourists are going) aren't properly marked and the sidewalks are extremely narrow and often than not littered with other bikes or people just standing in the way
I was there and it looked like half a milion
The Czech Republic follows the commitments which are given to her by international law
We call these fridges "american fridges" and they are not really common in my experience
In Czech rep I feel like it depends how well do you know the person - if it is a formal situation then you would most likely go for a handshake, but if it is your friend you would use some kind of other greeting - it might be a hug, just saying "hello" or holding hands "in reverse" and bumping into each others shoulder
I have the same feeling, for everything Russia have done to us
For lunch 30 minute break is mandatory, but many people will take more time, often over an hour, if their employer allows it
I swear he is the worst of all european leaders, but nobody gives a fuck because we are insignificant, which is a good thing (I guess?).
then some Otesánek who ate everything starting with his parents and I would surely find more, I vaguely remember some fairy tale where goat intstines and murdered step sister played a role I read around 10
I can list you a lot of more arguments, but I don't thing it would convince you
Máj is a peak of czech romantism and Mácha uses the whole beauty of the Czech language
Some Austrian cities too:
Pilsen ("Plzeň" in Czech)
If someone was to arrive into my home for a long time, I would definitelly try to find out who is it and not only by what he himself is saying to me
Chocolate, your flag, EU headquarters
I've heard way too many times as a kid that the Roma originate from Romania
:-p
There was always only one candidate you can vote for
For me it's definitely French, that's probably because it has no roots with czech- russian was much easier for me because of this
The KSČ, who had won only a plurality (around 1/3) in 1946, largely thanks to the optics of them having secured the official Liberation of Prague and therefore the country (and their propaganda machine which heavily tried to cover up and unload blame for all the very unpopular city aerial bombings they committed in the last days of the war to keep german soldiers for surrendering to the US instead of the USSR), occupied key ministerial and admin positions (ministry of justice, chief of police etc) and immediately (literally, work started in the summer of 1946, when the parliamentary elections were on May 26th) set out creating a new constitution, largely based on the Soviet one of 1936 that would dismantle democracy, enact widespread censorship, and remove judicial independence
I think there is quite a big leap from not liking someone to systemic extermination
I have a feeling that 20 years ago more girls in their 20s went topless than now; now it feels like a domain of middle-aged women
Changing many on streets, buying trdelník, and so on
Taiwan was so pleased that they sent us few expensive life support units to save people in critical state due to covid-19
It was like selection process, which in some cases decided your fate.
Send help
In that case, why do you eat it
In practice, research suggests that car drivers tend to drive more dangerously around cyclists with helmets
We all love to drink heavily, complain and hate on imperial system
the question is if OP meant East Europe as in East from Germany, or East as in Romania, Bulgaria, Ukraine etc.
It's simply unsustainable with the current birth rates and aging population
s - with
You still need to stop and help if you see an accident happen even if you're late from a date.
Thirdly, a lot, and I mean A LOT of bikelanes are level with the sidewalks and are only separated by a slightly different pavement tile, which makes them extremely easy to miss
Do you have something similar in southern Europe
Bulgarian stallion
The act itself is called předení (spinning a string)
We also have one of the lowest levels of anti semitism in Europe
Remember that on the stage you generally have a different name than in real life
Anyway
On Reddit
Jail
Defenestration is not an execution method
Frustrating
Prague for example has dozens
You could probably cluster the songs by this metric, each cluster would have popular songs and less popular songs
He just went to a restaurant at night even though he himself closed them the day before
Is there a more boring country than Austria
people how are flipping arguments about IQ are mostly a bit odd
It did a lot more for many of these minorities than what is being generally attributed for.
Our humour is one of the few reasons I’m proud to be Czech
it shouts "bad life choices" anybody doing serious business will shut doors in front of you (90% of the cases)
I mean yeah, the planning of these is really drawn-out, but isn't that to be expected for every big infrastructure project
How often can you come across this in Lapland?
we're sick of wars and regional conflicts.
(I couldn’t find a map of dialects in English for the whole country, so here’s Moravia at least -
Here's probably his most famous works, [St Barbara Church] in Kutná hora and [Pilgrimage Church of St John of Nepomuk]
Torrenting is more popular with more tech-savvy people.
(Sorry for my spelling, and also this is just my view)
I believe that Stephen Colbert has the best answer for your question regarding fireworks here in Czech republic.
The other classes were kinda meh - a few online lectures, some excercises we had to do but that's about it
you're done
Yes, unfortunately this is a fairly common thing with large breeds like Bernese.
It's not directly breaking EU safety regulations etc, but it's immoral practice.
Yeah you are right
But to be honest, it seems to me that Czechs still prefer Czech Republic to Czechia
Meth - japan
Explaining sw, how internet works, what each part does when we're cleaning their PC etc
There's no dark side
i/y is common as there is no difference in spoken language, similarly "mě" and "mně" is pronounced exactly the same
Definitely considering moving there in the future, though your dialect makes my German feel a tad useless sometimes
Not being in their shoes I don't judge their behavior now.
It's the boys' birthday, and the girls liked the boys and decided to give them a kiss.
They were never part of Poland were they
) and hand out a promo package of tampons
It's something they must actually want.
Yeah, we just mention the religion in history classes or in social science classes and quite briefly
But great map anyway
Pope Francis is also always translated as František and in general names of popes are always translated
Along witht he above mentioned scandals, they knew they would lose their plurality, so they expedited their plans for a coup-d'etat
Nokia
Not sure about your redbull vodka, there's really not much to translate
Czechovia souds like Chechenia
Watching Grease as a small child, watching all the old actors and the completely different school system with different steps I believed people study about 10 years of highschool in USA (since they talked about 10th grade and such) and that's why they are way older than people from our regular highschool I saw
V BOJI MEZI DOBREM A ZLEM, PRAVDOU A LŽÍ, NELZE BÝT NEUTRÁLNÍ A PŘESTO ZŮSTAT SLUŠNÝ!!! Proto děkujeme za Vaši podporu
It just adds another situation when it's acceptable to use the gun - and that is when the state's security or the civil order is threatened.
Or are you referring to the events in 1947, where the communists secured stripping Slovakia of its parliamentary representation, since they voted overwhelmingly democratic
But black people weren't really the average people sold there obviously
I don't think so, after all, it was 81-75 years ago
We also have one of the lowest levels of anti semitism in Europe
As a male with shaved head and pierced ears, I have never been rejected by a Czech employer
From some perspective, Switzerland is kinda similar, Czechia and Austria are really close together, because of our history and when I was in Switzerland, I felt like being in Austria, so from one perspective, Switzerland and Czechia are kinda similar
Driver: Lolek
Its pretty much on every menu of every pub,restaurant, even some shops sell it pre-fried
Furthermore, to get anywhere, you really need a car and so people are sedentary at home, at work, and in commutes.
My brother's got an Ing while I'm working towards mine, but even once we both have the title, it's going to be clear who the brighter sibling is
[Fried cheese]žený_sýr), also called *smažák* (slang term).
Going to church getting you into trouble
Same goes for Syria - Assad should've received full support and plenty of weapons rather than getting bombed by NATO.
I was in a restaurant in Switzerland that served Hawaii pizza with cherries on top
About the resistance at the shore
But stereotypes based on
It's the sort of "you don't like us, so we don't like you either" reaction.
When I look at bigger cities around the border of Czechia many of them have at least some sort of infrastructure
if you really care, then I recommend this book - (its not full version, but you can find PDF somewhere) it is from Indian who emigrated to the US, he is amazing.
You can boast about how you did it first or whatever, but that changes nothing about the fact other countries did it much better.
Imagine a dish called "nervous köfte".
Bratislava public transport going to the other side: totally legal, might need some cooperation with the Austrian authorities
He is right, people don't care about someones sexuality until it's shoved down their throat.
Europop/dancepop, similar to Abba style but from czech artists
Čáslav
Even municipal police are armed
Jan Žižka, Czech general from the 15th century
That's what bolsheviks said
Government should know better than people what is good for them
They already blame the West for trying to finance the opposition, so let's prove that they're right!
the discussion is more about all those Lenins and Stalins who are clearly devilish people who killed millions, damaged the Russian nation and many surrounding nations
In Prague, there were only TWO days with temperatures above 25 °C and no day at all above 30 °C. That's pretty unusual for the end of June
10 CZK - cheapest beer including bottle deposit
Suitia FIN
I get it only from an electrotechnical point of view where red denotes a positive potential.
I think I feel much bigger connection to, for example, Austria and Germany, than to Serbia
Then he left and the next one - definitely Czech - was a total asshole.
That's great to hear
According to wiki, the word root of -Čech is the same as the root -čel meaning people (člověk in modern Czech)
nice to see a criticism about Berlin for change, I feel most people are out of their mind about how multikulti and free spirited the city is and disregard everything else about it.
I think daily we have a few
So maybe it has to do something with that
They were freaking everywhere
Even stopping to show your ticket to a driver is terribly long process, even if it takes 3 seconds, for a dozen of people -- normal amount for entering/leaving on every stop -- it's half a minute
Do I see padrones
It's kind of a big topic in Czech Republic
**sníh**, not snih, in Czech
I don't think they're all that different.
Its simple to say, yeah it was that time we went and killed x men and woman, we also have those
I hate it, no reason
I feel like Charles IV
We tend to be more conservative I guess
[here i am, studying the European law, hanging out with those two lads among others]
That’s the hardest part
>grassroots worker militias
je vévoda bavorský, zvolený jako protikrál, když chtěli všichni sousedi roztrhat Rakousko, protože Habsburkové jako původní rod vymřeli po meči otcem Marie Terezie (Karlem VI
Welcome back Czechoslovakia
I really like what austrian Houses look like
So-called hate speech should be protected as free speech the same way as it is in the USA via their First Amendment.
The most iconic is certainly "vole" (=castrated bull)
It's not that weird, the EU also has weighted votes,
This guy got elected, and later he turned out to be gypsy holocaust denier
Isn't Jo Nesbø popular everywhere
Yes
I believe Dachstein should become the capital of all three countries
full industralisation happened there after WWII.
Surprising amount of my classmates are quite clueless unless you really guide them step by step
The kaiser Sigismund of Luxembourg is considered a huge villain in Czech republic
Municipalities and state-owned companies had a surplus too, but exact number is still unknown till April.
They can't stop us
This thread seems brigaded
Cars take away freedom, at least in dense areas
Most of the cultural shows happen there and it seems that anything interesting happens in Prague
Wow, I didn't even know this building existed
What do you mean by true intelligence equivalence
What are you talking about
I don't hate the people there either, we just like making fun of them for their accent and sometimes uppity attitude, but it's not hatred by any means
China uses our president like puppet
I don't belive, that majority of people are bigoted or haters (regardless of nation).
Try [utopenci] The name means literally "drowned people"
I'd compare it to a very, very thick accent.
But my mom is from Ostrava, which is divided into Moravia and Silesia and my dad is from south Czechia, so my language is somewhat mixed, for example I speak normally Czech but in sentence “we are” “my jsme” I could pronounce jsme as jzme, but that’s just a small difference
I have studied some books about my city and found out the tunnels were made in the middle ages as an escape passage
I think most of us know
this dude is just impossible to place.
Most people dont care and probably dont feel the Liechensteins should get anything back
But in 1938, Germany had probably more planes than we have anti-air missiles at the moment
And I said that France can do that if they so please since they have history there, but that other countries may have 0 things to do with Mali or other countries in Africa and may be reluctant to waste lives on it
We're keeping in line with the 1997 agreement with Russia.
Well before the refugee crisis, Eastern Europe had a reputation of being very bigoted.
Macron lives in a society
They work to make the city better and safer for pedestrians, bikers and public transport commuters (at the expense of personal car transportation)
We feel the same way
Dogs are allowed on public transportation, in pubs, basically everywhere
It's interesting tha from everything you choose stealing.
It is going to be a mess from day 0
The lengths of green parts (Totally Agree & Tend To Agree) look like they are the same for Greece, Czech Republic and Cyprus and they are just presented in this order, yet according to the whole distributions it should probably be Cyprus, Czech Republic, Greece or perhaps an alphabetical order is also different.
after all you have many youtubers and prominent media constantly talking about US politics, which are much more entertaining than those of European countries (maybe except UK and Brexit) and USA is just so influential it's good to be interested in their politics aswell
It could be more fun to have multiple
Actually, I think that Czechs don't hate any nation.
Don't you know that meme magic and Religion of Kek transcend all borders and languages?
And in cities, you're used to meeting people from all over the country
Yes mapy
It may sound a bit savage, but it’s mostly fun
Absolutely nothing
Well liberation day is celebrated on this particular day
But if they r truly rich, u won't even pretty much notice them y'know
Alright, it was that and their worries about legal uncertainty.
Never thought of that name as being very masculine tbh.
I still remember when they were trying out the wireless card payments on us and how amazing that was
I think that the first lesson should be rewritten as "Don't make impossible to enforce alliances and then expect them to work when times get rough". There was absolutely no way the alliance with France (and the Soviets too) was gonna work out and I doubt the interwar government and general staff weren't aware of this, at least with a scenario of Germany being the aggressor
It's same in czech (obviously) - sýr, which means cheese in english
Czechia is pronounced "Check-i-ea".
Mainly Europe
To be honest, "Croatia" have always sound more like "Korea" to me for some reason
Poland
Yeah, we have a similar system
German, because I'm currently trying to learn it
But really, just the absolute basics
Achievements
If VVD hanged a "refugees not welcome!" poster from their office window PVV would've barely scrapped enough votes for a single seat.
Long tradition in coal related industry and nuclear energy
and MMA is not legal to practice in France.
With their efficiency they will never pay for their costs
Fun fact: a full day ticket for ČD trains costs 599 Kč (22,88€)
You can select from many _non-corporal_ means of operant conditioning.
Wait, that's OUR thing
I have recently found out that soda drinks produced for the Czech Republic is sweeter than "normal". So now I'm obviously curious how the "normal" ones taste
LOL
I'd say they are, because only a few words are different
[Westworld's] season 1 came out
My favourite: šrajtofle - Geldbörse
In one episode of the latest seasons of the Simpsons, the Simpsons flew to Denmark and Lisa said Denmark is a socialist country lol
Historically we simply dealt way more with Germans/Austrians/Poles than we did with Russians.
I am sorry, throw me out please
Yeah, diktát. Many fond memories
Lech then went to east and founded Poland
Owning one
Tunnels were too futuristic in those times
I like Tobasco, Sriracha or Mayo-Garlic dip
Not allowing mentally stable, law-abiding citizens to own guns just ensures that the only people who have guns are terrorists and criminals that acquire them illegally
It's revolting to read about that, especially knowing the perpetrators (often former collaborators who needed credentials as anti-Nazis, so they massacred some civilians) mostly got away with it
Terrorists also usually have a criminal record of some sorts that would automatically disqualify them from owning a gun
For example this was problem for like 5 years when Canada started to require very high price visa (even for visiting!) and that very hurt Czech-Canadian diplomatic relations.
Some millennial men who cook like to present themselves as God's gifts to humanity because they know it's still not the standard
I think their production is really good and very relatable to me too, unlike some US or UK shows
They come in large packs, mainly at night and early morning to city and eat whatever they can find
It used to be you got lower (capped) the more babies (future taxpayers) you had
On the other hand, I wonder if this is going to reach more mainstream news and the anti-eu nutjobs start to share 'OmG  Eu BaD CeNsOrShIp' posts
But in Polish, it is a mandatory part of a sentence, at least for some
Weirdly enough that reminded me the delta-sigma modulation.
I believe the president has 2 attempts and then someone like the Speaker of Chambers of Deputies or the Speaker of Senate has an attempt after the president
All of them in Romania (Iași, Craiova and Galați)
Yeah ontacts were made in the 19th century and Czech national revival had had notable impact on the Slovak one, but even in the middle ages Slovaks came to study in Prague for example
On our high school, our class adored this sentence:
Anything from Karel Čapek, Kafka, weve got a lot of it
the two languages have the same roots, same sentence structure and share quite a bit of vocabulary (even though in many words the spelling or pronunciation differs).
Industry was booming and even to this day we have the record of “most vehicle industries per area”.
Because you're not as different as you think you are
Slovakia for keeping up with our shit, Luxembourg and Austria for our royal dynasties, Poland and Hungary for the V4 and Charless de Gaulle Eurovision and Jeux sans Frontières
However, we're righteous and not bastards.
I don't think we dislike you, we just sometimes like to make fun of your language (But that goes both ways I believe)
Good luck with that
If you think individual nation states would be better off alone, fine, just leave already and see how it goes
Belgium was not absolutistic at the time
If you don't try to beat the record, you can drive relatively effortlessly
Since we had only like 3 in our history if I know right
The tesco is in a city 15 minutes by car from my town.
I know that Amsterdam obviously isn't all of the Netherlands, and the lanes outside of the centre were properly marked and planned, but the planning in the centre is just piss-poor and inexcusable
I think historically Slovakia is the only country we've ever considered our friend, others were just "neigbours" or outright rivals (Poland, Hungary, Austria) and sometimes even bullies (Germany, Austria)
K bye
Trail and college = kolej
Orlova, Karvina, Havířov and honestly the entire county
The west is ethnic Ukrainian, Czechoslovak and Rusinian, the East is majority Russian
Hungary is such an eye SÖR on this map
Masaryk uni, olomouc, cvut, vscht all are better choices
That is French arrogance speaking.
This
Zořena, Žizňava, Hněvka, Hodava, Kvašena, Nětka, Pluhava, Božetěcha, Bratruše, Bratřice, Ctěna, Černice
Traditional Czech [*chlebíček*] (open sandwich):
We're supposed to fast during the day, children are encouraged to do so to see "Golden Piglet", nobody sees the piglet though because we eat tons of Christmas sweets.
At least we'll be complete in V4 in being selfish, heartless racist xenophobes which are only taking EU funds and are not paying anything back to the Western Europe.
They should have used the tanks as bait and bombed them from the air once they got into ISIS hands.
If you prove yourself a jolly companion, you may get directly asked to join them at the table the next time
Yes
So, you should be happy, that this implementation is directed to cross-border recognition only.
Our government is a bunch of incompetent meerkats
Because once you have it in school canteen, you hate it and there's no going back
They didn't give a shit before the cookie law, they didn't while it's in effect, and they won't when it's gone.
I want us to go ahead with this as soon as possible, because the support for Ukraine might unravel with Trump and quite likely Fillon in France so in the future, it might be even more difficult to push through any supporting measures for Ukraine.
Then there was the "toll gate controversy", revolving around the government singing very disadvantageous deals with the private company that was going to administer a new automated system of collecting highway tolls from trucks
for Czech Republic and Slovakia all of them are good idea to visit.
This has been the case in my country as well, but I am coming to terms with the fact that the pension system I am currently paying for through my taxes likely won't bring me that much benefit
Similar with the UK
In Prague (capital city) in the historical most expensive district about 50 sqm; close to 90 sqm in other good districts
[Andrej Babiš]
I don't think most Czechs mind Asians at all
To play hard
pretty much this, you can use it to describe primitive person /without any bad conjuction/
I believe they're called chavs and don't think they're going anywhere anytime soon.
What a wonderful idea communism was...
We were very often described as xenophobic/racist Eastern Europe that (in contrast to the West) lacks any sense of humanitarian approach.
Homophobia is definitely issue in Eastern Europe, but I don't think EU should be blind to it.
> Babis admires Orban, he said so himself
In premium games 100% I don't pay for game to pay more
&#x200B;
But on the other hand having a heavily armed population is extremely helpful against foreign invaders and against the government itself if it starts misbehaving.
I just wanted to point out, that many actions in the east come from the past.
Almost always on the internet
It was clearly a 2020 vision
and Do you like the Czech Republic or Czechia?
I used to drink a lot of milk until I was put on medication that makes me extra gassy
Slovakia are obviously our homies, Austria is the country to which I feel most culturally connected and Germany is the "big responsible brother".
I also worked as a guide at a castle for one summer in high school
It's such a good idea, right next to a dryer
Fair point
No history we are aware of
Like
All czech rock bands from that era (Blue Effect, Plastic People of the Universe) i can think about had problems with the regime at some point, so a lot of them vere pretty underground
And Čochtan in Werich's Fimfarum was against drowning at general, because it is pollution
Oooh that reminds me of when I was a little kid
It's been a while since I last heard the "Platíš mi pivo" one though, usually among friends and at pub but It was alsoimmortalised in [this] cheesy Špaček's etiquette series episode.
From my head I can think of examples like Jane the virgin or The Vampire Diaries
Coughs and points to the southern neighbour.
Such a thing will never happen here.
Beautiful :D
Your English is great for that age
Is there a country England touched and didn't bring suffering to its people
I was born in '88 and so I never had much Slovak on TV, but I still find it very easy to understand
Homeoffice (not really lol, its one day per month)
Same situation is in whole our industry, not only in our company.
We provide other Europeans with a great, cheap destination for partying
What does that even mean
The Russian thing was a bit of a backstab
Luckily my friends know english well enough to understand it in english most of the times
Yeah, that's not "ch".
I wish a lot of strength to the liberal Turks.
But I think we should be BFFs with each other first (after all EU is quite the alliance) and with everyone else second.
I am always able to tell if someone's czech within 10 seconds of hearing them speak english, no matter how good they are
The only thing they're interested in doing is making sure the haves get more and the have-nots get kicked to the curb
Switzerland
I would really like to see at least some change because the current network is just disappointing
Very common and quite accepted
This is less visible because after all, we do have alliances with other countries, but the sentiment is the driving force behind us putting our eggs in as many baskets as possible in terms of security and the main reason why the calls for us to cut our alliance with USA most likely won't be heard
I hope PiS does well
Perhaps someone here could elaborate, because I don't know enough to judge, if it's completely true, but in the article it said that in the Nordic countries it's kind of a faux pas to stand out
But it Doesn't matter, why should it
They say that wearing a NATO uniform makes everyone super friendly
Personally I really like Valencia’s and the Barca logo too
We don't know, there really wasn't an opinion poll on this and it's not really a hot topic anyway.
There is much more then Pilsner fee example Radegast or Budvar are completely different
You say hello and good bye in an elevator, small waiting room or a train compartment
My father is Russian but I don't feel any attachment to the country, especially given the current political situation
(Unless those who went to vocational school obtain the same qualification later through switching schools, online school etc
* Marie Terezie (Maria Theresa, under Austria)
Also this time Poland guess who will have higher wage growth.
His policies very often go against their positions, he gets criticized and there ever were discussions about exluding Fidezs and he still changed nothing about his positions.
Hard to say without naming at least 15 types/brands, depends on usage.
Because Albania is bigger shithole than Macedonia.
SCS has a really nice HQ in Prague
They have less and less every election
Of course, thats how is standard poptato served.
*former eastern bloc here
Taking the revolution further would hurt Germany quite a lot
Cheese is life, cheese is love
I was actually surprised when I didn't see that in US and some Americans I asked never heard of it
You actually care about Eurovision
Looks like 9 euro is still not enough for a screenshot
The "t" is often silent in a fast speach
> As is the “no cappuccino after noon” rule
I don't know what exactly Kaczynski believes, but he clearly hasn't got over it.
You can Anschluss me any day <3
He was born in Japan, too
Look at how completely dominant EU imports and exports to the EU are in our trade
I expected a time traveler story :-(
Newsflash, the Netherlands aren't the only country where cyclists are commonplace on the streets, it's not like everyone who hasn't lived in your country is completely oblivious of how bike traffic should work
How common is vaping among young people in other European countries?
Everyone so enthusiastic about languages and everyone seemingly know 3+ languages at conversational level.
graduated last year and from that point i love every second of my life.
ANO is right now the strongest party (or rather movement) and yes, it is populist in that they try to appeal to as many people as possible by not having any hard stances, but it's uncomparable to truly populist parties like FN.
It’s awful
You makes watches in Switzerland
Some millions czk in property damage and a few dozen people without homes ://
8%? Where did you get such a high number
more like vs all non-native English speakers
nice to see more and more places are interested about quality of their coffee
I know it's japanese, but damn is it funny and kinda good at the same time
EU is fragile right now, with the refugee crisis, the Greek crisis and the war in Ukraine taking a heavy toll.
I think the best aspect of English is its absurdly large vocabulary
I thought it meant tuberculosis
That would be Houska castle,
Dutch herring is super-good
Because this meme is reposted every few hours with different numbers/country
And in the Czech language, there is nearly never a word that two people would read out loud differently if they saw it written down, but we use different forms of the words when we speak, which would then be spelt in a different way
A half of population live in two provinces, 30% of population live in 3 biggest cities.
as far as I know it is not used for anything else, but can't speak for all dialects
Did a court pronounce him to be legally dead?
I think there are some things I disagree with on the government or social level but I am sure you are the same with Czech Republic
EDIT: No, I'm not poor
Certainly not a Pulloutzer story for sure
I don't believe that a single person makes a difference, if you kick out some moron in politics, the morons voting him will find someone else in the same vein
It was extremely popular here about 10 years ago.
Women eat apples
Give yourself a pat on the back
For example:
Well Russia is an incredibly corrupt country and yeah your average Sergei is poor as fuck.
I want to see it one day
For example John of Bohemia, father of our most respected ruler, was from Luxembourg
It's not a joke, in Nové Město na Moravě is an international biatlon course
We should try to make their working load more bearable and with better compensation.
In a way I wish somebody would pull of fearmongering ("they will close your Kauflands and Lidls and you may face shortage of the medicines that keep you alive" on those boomers
If they don't want to leave they should comply.
EDIT: The only thing that I *don't* love about the region is that I am an obvious target for all the street peddlers, so in some places I can't walk five steps without someone trying to sell me something while trying to make smalltalk
When you live in a small town with one chain supermarket, you can shop only there.
Digging in our backyard will not reveal some fascinating artifacts (unless you are superlucky, but in general these areas are elsewhere) but just some abandoned cemetery or some abandoned stuff dated up  to 15th -16th century (or older if you are lucky)
And Czech Republic has the same minority in superpower problem
Novotný (male) and Novotná (female)
Britain has the highest inequality rates in the entire EU.
Whoa, I'm all for some fun pokes at each other, but I don't wanna get murdered by a drunk would-be Soviet at a party
Ye i did little research and it doesn't seem to have very good chances, but touching the internet is one thing millenials are really allergic about
By agreeing with Putin on every matter for some reason.
Google Store
Most of crime fiction is just him in our bookshops
Sure, but that's cursive, isn't it
this is awesome TIL, can I ask, how it came to that (big event, or slow progression)?
I see
Just no sacrificing our environment for the coal lobby
Bear in mind that population density in Sudetenland dropped substantially after WW2.
My dad makes the best koprovka
She won't have that much power, sure, but politicians, despite the popular belief, don't run a country
You're moving goal posts again
It never crossed my mind to change my style of writing like this
Overall, public transport is much more convenient for moving around the city than a car.
In German, Meer sometimes means lake, and See sometimes means sea
you might add Austria soon (if Hofer wins)
Keeping the money within Russia would only make the plight of the Russian people worse, not better.
A great way to get the mad cowboy disease
Here in Moravia, definitely slivovice (plum spirit)
Noone wants to pay for it or is technology not good enough
The vast majority of people don't give a crap about guns, this is a safe country afterall, so you don't really need to have a gun
well, a toaster)
Are saunas popular in Russia
AFAIK no, or maybe it wasn't as notable
Cardinals vote Pope primarily as a head of the Catholic Church not as a head of the Papal State.
Or we have to buy our own books.
But word 'kus' means also 'a piece'. So some genius translated kuskusový salát (couscous salad) as piece piece salad
Ok now, who used to think this pastry can be found in your country only
When two cars meet and can't fit on the roads, you'll have to drive back or find a place to pull over
Yes I skim to czech answers, but I read few upvoted answers aswell
> Le instead of lo/la and vice versa
But I guess I'm easy to please
Definitely 90s or early 2000s. Would be very interesting to see time I spent my childhood in with eyes  of (almost) adult
The Chonk Republic
Poland or Germany, I wanna sea
He also gossips and secretly informs the boss about his coworkers not working
Could it be that French banks were already aware of that?
I don't know but it was there
I frankly have much more respect towards a good and honest plumber than to some humanities graduates who consider themselves superior to people without university level education
And the word just isn't very suited for English imo.
But yes, everyone was expected to use standard Czech, not common Czech or any other dialect
I'd rather have a Stoichkov one
I hate this fact as well
[The one we copied from poland]
Let's gooo
I won't publish the exact places here, either, but if you're interested, I can give you some info on where to start looking
Yet, it's still hard to understand why people want to suffer so the corrupted elite can do whatever they want.
On the other hand, though, aggressive arguing and trying real hard to convince others you are not Eastern European
But I'm just not confident you can effectively deter Russia, Turkey, Iran and others threats without the US
It doesn't mean that it is not a serious problem.
It is a turn
My birth town is named after smoke, because when my country was founded
Vammala FIN
We're probably like ''Hold my beer, I can do this''
Czech has 3 genders
I’ve never met an antivaxer or a flat earther here XD
\*slaps a blue triangle in the middle\*
Source: [
[Linet]
In Czechia, biathlon used to be a niche sport that had its fanbase, but it was never a mainstream sport, until several years ago, when our biathlon athletes started having good results.
Also dark humour of the darkest variety
Good portion of the population doesn't partake in the discussion, because they think dill sauce is inedible
So how are the young Russians that can speak Estonian viewed?
Yeah, close enough
I've lived or drank water regularly in six places and it really depends.
It's not common but it does exist
It would be great if you could repeat what South Koreans were doing - persistent, large-scale peaceful protests hopefully with the same result as in South Korea.
Sorry, but where in Poland are the rents the same as in the Western Europe?
Sorry for responding so late, but for some reason Reddit only showed me this comment now.
You should visit Cyprus
We can also carry guns for self-defense, almost all gun owners have the licence
because humility is a virtue in Christianity, perhaps
He replies: 12
Ida, Hermína, Apolena for females
You shall wait
copyright, including, in particular, those which guarantee the freedom of expression of users
They will rant on the internet or in pubs, but to actually protest in streets, something very serious must be happening.
Because every one hundred years or so, "Eastern Poland" means something else?
Which would probably play into their whole concept of Assassins (Hussites) and Templars (Crusaders)
Denmark - Dánsko
They were Byzantine missionaries (from present day Thessaloniki in Greece) sent by Emperor Michael III.
But our people are really bloody tall
These are the cheapest options, all very sweet and not much strong
If you find yourself in a built-up are you really shouldn't urinate anywhere outside toilets
Two [Czechs] were arrested by Turks recently, because they were helping Kurds in Syria.
They knew about the problems for decades, but they ignored it.
Less of Africa, more Europe
It's more of a philosophy or a way to live
Name me one time jihadis or nazis used a legal owned gun to slaughter people in the EU.
Že se to nepovedlo je celkem zázrak, a pro nás super věc, protože Česko a Morava se měly rozdělit mezi vítěze
People tell me I look 24 at the most, though, and that's when I'm not wearing a mask
And I'd guess America losing its grip on legal weed within its own border would make it impossible for them to complain.
You would have Edward Kelley, John Dee, Johannes Kepler, Tycho Brahe, the Devil's Bible and even the mysterious Voynich manuscript, not to mention Rabbi Löw and his Golem, at the same place at the same time which would certainly make a lot of content fitting to the AC universe
It's like American and British english
The most stunning place I've been to
And most of these people already finished their "life's works" and were more or less of age.
-0 Kč Productions (Music)
But we have to make sure to use the correct pronunciation: ["Check-i-ea"] Some English mates pronounce the "CH" part as "ch" although it should be "k"... such as in the word "architect".
Czech and Slovak are like brothers
Yeah, but I meant if you like the names or not, or if you would change their name (in your native language and English too)
Would be nice if we didn't have to.
Yeah but that's probably not a Czech invention
I have no idea if this is very common in CZ but where I grew up (Vysočina and Prague) it seems like Germany fucked us so hard there was a buffer overflow and not counting the old folk it really isn't a thing here
The word robot to be precise, we won't claim it whole :-)
So are you a proper Belgian or the french one?
Isn't the waste incineration air pollution captured as well
I think I'm in danger of over-idealising Austria
(tho I don't smoke it) Like there's village nearby and it's easier to count the people who don't smoke it
It's alright, but I can easily live without it
But even worse, there are monsters who server it [with potatoes] Absolute blasphemy
He wasn’t able to pronounce some of words he had written on his paper, and his speech became meme
Kudlanka - derived from the word "kudla" which means jackknife
Slovakia - sparsely populated forests, 2 -small and short-aged kingdoms, then Hungarian empire, then Austrian-Hungarian empire, then some confusion in the 20th century regarding our cohabitation with Czechs, Can be done in 5 classes :-)
MR308 is pretty sweet, I just wish it wasnt that damn expensive
Being first car is more relaxing, since you don't have focus on the car ahead of you
Maláka malákia malaká malakía.
Yes, but surveys asking about the recent actions showed that most Poles oppose them.
It makes me often side with religious people in discussions against ignorant atheists, who believe Christians are all crazed worshippers of a fairytale (although some of them surely are)
> The only time a state voluntarily and democratically self destructed
Going with it makes sure no one will be very unhappy
It truly felt like a spring
Friday was never longer than 2pm
Saint Wenceslaus in Czechia
The cities and villages also resemble the Austrian style, far away from what you see in the real Balkans
The issue is that these days, *everything* can be considered "copyrighted material", so the inevitable result will be preventive banning (by filtering) of everything, including fair use
Southern Europe (Portugal, Spain, Italy, Greece) and you could do a Balkan subdivision or include them in this
I mean it is brined cheese, not your usual hard cheese, and it should not be compared with say Gouda
Iam not buying any cosmetics in game, Iam just opening free ones when i receive some
Yes, that was it, thank you
"Oh, you are from Czechoslovakia
But I'm far from expert
He said: "look for the truth, hear the truth, learn the truth, love the truth, speak the truth, hold to the truth, fight for the truth to your own death"
Jesus had no concept of global corporations, but if you brought him to our time using a time machine and explained to him what they are, I'm pretty sure he'd bust out his trusty whip and go to town
I know
thank you for your input
Not really happy with it, but look at the anthem of the Soviet Union
He is scrapping the state budget and state reserves, maybe for him I will never receive a pension from Czechia, because he needs money for his populist gestures for stupid uneducated people
Our baby stroller has been stolen from the lobby of the apartment building where I live
Aprox 20eur fine and confiscation.
Sometimes guests are allowed to keep their shoes on - a big party, wedding etc
No, we don't have anything like that
And that's not entirely true, the EU is a political construct not just an economic one, and solidarity is part of it.
That was really unexpected, but pretty nice, I guess :)
You have 2 options
I mean I remember like ten years ago that horoscops were quite popular at least in area where I lived, but nowadays nobody believes in it, sure it's true that quite a lot of Czechs believes in some kind of higher spirit, but it's not like we are obsessed by it.
Recently they were in news in here because they are trying to get some of their confiscated things back
We had either 3 or 4 classes a week for the test of primary school
There isn't real difference if life cycle is determined by IOS releases or Android releases
I personally would consider 50 km (31 miles) a reasonable distance for a day trip by car and 150 km (93 miles) by train.
They don't forget the obligatory "paid by Soros", "anti-democrats who don't respect the result of free elections" etc
No, I don't, but I don't enjoy speaking languages
Euro truck simulator, Factorio, Mafia 1, Arma, Beat saber, Kingdom come deliverance, Space engineers, someday you'll return, Vietcong, Samorost
Nobody usualy gets hammered during the day
I thought the same at first, then I realized one of the avenues next to the historical center in my city is named after Roosevelt, so I guess that falls under that
So it's not all that terrible while you are a student
I spent half a year in Slovenia and it felt much more like central Europe than the rest of Balkan
A Canadian guy who has lived here for 50 years once told me that cities are either extroverted, showing of their monuments (like Prague), or introverted, where you have to find the interesting things yourself, but then it's worth it
She worked really hard in the last decade.
I personally “joke” about taking Silesia and Lusatia back
It's not something I would add to my menu for a regular meal but I liked it quite a bit and if I'm in the Mediterranean I always have it
Currently, the pan-EU disability card has been only implemented in 8 countries
What, outrage
Go to Poland and ask them about LGBT, go to Russia and ask them about democracy, go to Serbia and ask them about pacifism, go to balcans and ask them about accepting history
By definition it means that every cent contributed from the German areas not receiving similarly high benefits will benefit more from leaving the EU than those areas that are currently receiving funds
I hope Scotland will become independent from UK
Don’t... our tenses are easy, but you’ll die on the inflections and persons
Trust me, me neither
That's when a turns into ə.
The suffixes are different for different genders, different endings in the base word etc
Haven't seen it for ages tho
post source or it didn't happen.
Temps mostly between 20-25, occasionally above 25, rarely above 30
If you removed the slight language barrier, I'd even say that Poland is culturally closer to Slovakia than Czechia is, at least on a wider level, and I'm saying this as a person who's lived most of their life in the Czech-Polish borderland
Sometimes if you make mistake putting it together you are done.
the exception can be if the michelin guide brings you to the place but then it is not a trap (and even then it is not the norm)
To add more weirdness: today women can choose whether to use the feminine form or keep the masculine, but still names of foreigners are declined.
in the US you can find good bread in a Polish deli.
But only you know that, some could know only the bad thing, some will see it as 3:1 ratio, etc.
In that case it's not relevant to them of course.
It is meat balls (mixed pork, beef, bread, onions, garlic and spices) in thick sauce from tomatos and/or paprika.
Do you have any sources for that?
Also my dad eas speaking this way with few French and Swedish people
European citizenship = European
haha it must have taken a lot of work to find (in the respective native languages) which countries are the most triggered when called Eastern Europe
Merely German-speaking Czech province
and we have Russians wheels (Ferris wheels)
That should be for the police to deal with, not bureaucracy.
that's why I wrote about 8 and not exactly 8
Definitely, it's something what should be talked about.
I imagine they're going to listen to him and say "see, that's exactly what's wrong with western society". It's not that they don't *understand* these values, they don't *want* them
There will still be a lot of bitching whoever wins.
To be fair it doesn't really matter who's in the white house
Tourists are just a herd
The fact that he had Czechoslovak citizenship for some time is just a peculiarity of Central European history between the wars
wow, Japan is almost touching the land of Jakubmarian
Compare the Czech words [šel \(shel\)] and [čel \(chel\)] Granted the "sh" is not the same as "tj" but it's closer to it than "ch".
I am center on economics at best but socially I am pretty liberal, for the most part that is.
But since there is a pretty strong Russian community there, you'll see a lot of writing in Cyrillic in many places and in the touristy part you'll hear Russian more often than Czech
I love the circus one, occasionally use it also in Czech
But once I've been in some reddit thread about classrooms without windows
I would definitely fly as I have family now
that would punish regular people.
Other places in Tuscany are much better imo
If I am posting a Boromir meme, am I infringing on someone's copyright
Where-from are
Večerka always sells anyone :D I stopped drinking hard alcohol at 19, now I only drink beer
*Odejít po anglicku* (leave in English way) - leave without saying goodbye
It creates disarray between different countries, makes it more difficult to travel and live in other places, reduces the local culture to a small irrelevant cluster in the global arena.
It is a police force inside the army (although still part of the police force)
Hundgoulash
- Celtic and Germanic people (living in the areas of our country)
Now people finally got the memo that both the Sun and tanning beds give you cancer, or worse, make your skin age, so the only young people with a tan are gonna be Instagram models with a regular self-tanner regime
TF less than 10 cents
Palačinka has quite [a long chain of loaning] and you could take a short cut
News articles comment sections and the comments under Facebook posts are prime examples
On the contrary, it brings some very nice exceptions to universities, research organizations and libraries, who often operated in a grey legal area
FYI: That wiki article is just weird.
During applause on an open stage do not bow
Yeah, we eat a *lot* of sauerkraut here, absolutely adore it (especially the red kind)
I'd definitely be interested in your point of view.
At 16, group of best English students got an offer to take CAE with a discount paid for my the school
Kids were sent to schools and industrial revolution was kicking off
When my old diesel has problem to start
even paid coffee is 99% terrible
When I lived in the Netherlands, the largest problem were stray rats
- Burger places are everywhere, but as you said, you will rarely see them serve other typically American dishes
Because given the average income, taxes, exchange fees and such, it easily gets more expensive for Europeans (especially Eastern countries) than it is for Americans
It's funny how being a 'country' can change the perspective:
I woke up after a very long afternoon nap and turn on the news on TV
Well, we have our own language (Czech), but we have a lot of news about Germany and Poland
Yeah they also banned protests here
Shame I am totally tone-deaf
And I did lock my front door when I was living in a city
There has been a massive disinformation campaign about the refugees when the whole crisis started in full, e.g.
I feel there’s a lot of misinformation spread about this new legal framework - articles quoting old versions of it, Google spreading panic so they don’t have to be more transparent, Reddit users quoting other Reddit users without an indication of clear source and then relying on what they said as a fact (sorry) etc…
That's correct
Well, this year there were only two days with temperatures above 25 °C so far here, and that's quite below average
But to be fair, many of us are capable in the outdoors
and these give you the advantages that EU offers, like access to job market and free movement.
I didn't even know there's a Europe day tbh
He is a proven STB informant and his companies are full of people tied to the former communist government
That's might be one of the reasons we have currently one of the lowest number of tests in Europe
Why does Wilders look like an alien in disguise.
Do you
*paní - woman/women*
never got why the curd is so unpopular elsewhere but that fish thing is not so fun from local perspective.
Don't buy water at the Prague Castle, "cannabis/weed" anything from minimarkets, Absinth-anything anywhere
if yes go to step 1 and subtract a number if not you have your answer
Other than that I think we get along well, we have lots of German tourists here, never heard anyone say anything bad about Germans in real life
This will be a fiasco
Not entirely sure how much can governments do to help to be honest
For people who are not in the know, this burn actually has additional layer — Slovakian people absolutely hate being called Hungarians (historically Huns occupied and lived on parts of today's Slovakia and Slovaks are still salty about the whole deal and whatnot)
(there isn't used car with real numbers on odometer here, heard stories about brand MB dealership guys were using some cheapo oil instead what should be used, but maybe just rumors)
&#x200B;
If you exclude the period of Czechoslovakia, then you will notice that both countries had a very different history
Since I never travelled by plane at that time, I decided to take a bus from Prague to London and a train from London to Edinburgh
Je to tak
I found three Czech websites in two minutes that sell UNC hardware, so getting it would be no problem for me.
It is clear to me the solution *now* is to keep the highly skilled and families with children, while mass deporting the troublemakers and young men, with force if necessary.
I voted twice already - municipal and regional, I had a tough time deciding there too, but I did come to a conclusion in the end.
Where I live there is a lot of iron in it so it doesn't taste all that amazing.
Modern Czech is usually harder than old Czech, except for some exceptions
Not the wrong country but unknown there.
As far as guns go, Czech republic is the second most liberalised gun country in the world after (certain States of) the US
Of course if you want to call them in the hallway, you can say "Sir teacher [surname]
yes
Given how vast Internet is it's always pleasant to meet a compatriot there.
Holocaust was her main topic for most of the time
Really
so with good planning it could be 14 beers and some screws or nuts
Just the other day some (Czech) guy was giving me crap for not wanting dual citizenship.
We have fees for owning dogs too (60-80€/year in my district, plus chipping became mandatory this year), but that doesn't seem to affect their popularity at all
Probalby "'žiš a co jako
Also Josef - Pepa
period
Maybe there's another one being built somewhere, I'm not sure
there's nothing wrong with patriotism by itself, but it should be
the slivo- part just denotes the fruit
Ok, give me a link clearly showing that ESA has a high ROI.
Grzegorz Brzeczyszczykiewicz
If I use this word I'll probably be saying [tʃɛxiə] instead of [tʃɛkɪə], although there is no [x] in English.
Oh and pretty much anything from Čokovoko, especially *Sebevražda* and *Etapy v životě ženy*. The music is so bad but the lyrics are so smartly crafted and so hilariously Brnoesque
However moderate growth of the immigration rates would be fine.
*dabs*
Sammatti FIN
The architecture is so beautiful
Eastern Europe would glorify Schulz right now as their eternal savior.
E-gaming
Seeing that was ... disturbing yet impressive
Also, Serbia as a member of EU can block talks with its non-EU neigbours in the future.
I'm not following it that much but it's mainly referred to as Pfizer
Edit: respective strain names may vary
Or 8, if I don't count that some varieties are listed in 2 different sizes/packagings
Same here, dudy is word for bagpipes, but slang for boobs.
If you wanna be aware, it's easy to recognize Russian diplomatic plates, it's white letters on red backround
Part of the reason is because of robbing and scamming too.
What to do there
Yeah, I remember when I was around 15, it was a kind of status thing among girls to have a 20+ boyfriend
Other big cities have very small gay scene, bigger is in Ostrava.
And yes, countries have different opinions, thats to be expected, the EU shouldnt be here to hammer everyone to have the same opinions, it should be here to bridge the differences
She's a stupid cunt, not some sort of a hero.
But it makes sense, Slovenia is popular destination among young Czechs to do hydrospeed, rafting, canyoning and this kind of activities.
I have a story from my grandfather
They're not traditional, but they are delicious (if you're not buying them for 100Kč lol)
Even for emotional matters, my native language feels kinda “cringe-y”.
even paid coffee is 99% terrible
Its the famous german humour
I thought there would be still quite a lot of people for Christmas time, isn't that supposed to be a romantic thing
Here is my piece of advice as a proof of suitability of mine:
I actually kinda got the "lonely Paris" experience - by going there during the big public transportation strikes last December :D Now I can't imagine coming back at a time with a normal amount of tourists, I think I'd have even more of a shock
The 30-years war would be best if it took place in Bohemia
Completely missed what T&J are about.
Some people here actually still keep their own .
By that I was refering to when Merkel said that all refugees are welcome in Germany.
1st of January is officially the day of the reestablishment of the separate Czech state
So I don't think there are
at least
EDIT: /s
Don't do any Czech word puns (unless you are 10 years old or younger)
- Greece
And because the second option would make Hradec secede from the republic
Average distance between two villages is only 1-2 km, climb a church tower and you will see next villages around.
[Superawesome]
There's no way your out of ass number is even remotely close, given its two neighboring countries
* - "I've got it on a salami
before you came with your ugly truth I was happy to help OP with Hradec Kralove
Áj ként spík ingliš.
As a result, it's kinda ingrained in the Czech national consciousness to be extremely wary about foreign powers meddling here
Plus her mother tragically fell ill and died when she was a baby, and the village rumor said she was swapped for the human baby by a wild woman/fae
Well our nations are still what most people identify with.
Welcome to **kurva** brotherhood.
The power to piss off anyone around
It shows that despite Trump is (politically) dead, Trumpism is not
Sinatra was "just" an interpret
never seen this outside of IT industry where it has English name lie almost everything
But technically he's not a foreigner as he holds citizenship by birth
Definitely Austria
Native porntalk is so cringe
We actually had to change our shoes until the end of high school.
The Shawshank Redemption or Pulp Fiction
I see we have pretty much the same look on history haha
Are you taught oy about one religion like Christianity or about more big religions like Taoism, Budhism, Islam and other
Italian cars don't bother you if you don't have a seat belt
Because as other stereotypes it depends on individual people
It's also the variant of language foreigners will likely learn so if you want to make yourself more comprehensible, you'll speak slowly and switch to Standard Czech
What is said in the article boils down to "But there have to be rules
You're correct that Czechs don't want to be reminded of this
McGamerCZ, a Warframe Youtuber
Being borderline musically illiterate, I was stunned to only recently learn about a cult pre-revolution band whose [music] sounds like it could very well be tweaked to fit into a Stranger Things soundtrack
Don't worry I paused there for a second as well
Svalil se na zem, a protihráč se ho přitom ani nedotkl
Also koruna for both our currency and crown (either the jewel or the thing a dentist puts in your tooth when it is diseased)
Everything is based on early birds being the norm here
It’s mostly on the villages nowadays, but it’s about men going door by door, slap women’s butts with pomlázka (“a braided whip made from pussywillow twigs”) to make them young and get rewarded with a shot of slivovitz
Read on Vatican relations with Czechoslovakia between the wars
Yes, that might be it, Czech has probably the weakest palatalisation out of Slavic languages, so it sounds more natural to me
Absolute Chad
I would have preferred getting rid of that subdivision entirely, but this seems like the only other logical option, always rounding up would be a little too unpopular
Zeman is definitely challenger in regards of our sanity.
edit: grammar
I have no problem with English and prefer consistency
You should have studied the geography more.
They are absolutely common
With a ["big Škoda"] filled with everything, if there is still stuff, we return with the same Škoda and pick up the rest (when moving)
hehe wanna repete
They did a pretty terrific job by "finding some dots on a map".
I think it's awesome but probably slower than just speaking English
San Marino: always forgot you exists
But I wanna
There is a custom that if you want to be super polite, you address women as *Mladá paní* (Young Mistress) whether they are actually young or not.
haha same thing here, my grandma always thinks she's going to catch a cold from the AC in the car, so it has to be off when we're driving her somewhere
Yeah, especially when I come across discussion between military wives
Trump will back Israel 100% now so Europe can't do shit (hopefully).
But you are right, as long as he can do that he needs the EU
cz are the best online outdoor maps and that's a fact
what happened to old minister
“Czechia” sounds weird to me
Im no sure guns would change that much
Next destination, the Court of Justice of the EU
E.g. Honza for Jan is derived from the German Hans
We also call germans Skopčáci as mentioned before and french žabožrouti - frogeaters
Holy shit
I mean if you just wipe, it's never a 100 % job
Example of this ignorance
It's not uncommon to have people suddenly question you over whether it's better where you're from or why you live here in the first place
lots of people will end up depressed due to "lack of purpose" but that should be great for therapists.
Definitely agree with the taxation
I've heard that in Rovaniemi (Finland) or on the North Pole, but he was never bringing me presents
It's a single quite comfy train ride
You can verb without any suffixes, google it
Probably confused it with Slovenia
Yes, that's a big problem everywhere
I was thinking more about going shopping or visiting a café and the like, can't hide it then
Honorable mention: Karlovy vary - so many Russians live here, [half of any text you can read in the city is in алфавит.] It's weird, but in a differrent way than Český Krumlov
No sea for us and still next to slovakia and germany, not much difference
Australia made out with a hot dog, Latvia is a fat virgin, Estonia is a fat whore and Lithuania is too gay to function
I guess you have different view on it
Happy cake day
Other Slavic languages aren't so similar, but since I know my cyrillic and my diacritics I can usually understand the general meaning of the sentence
*Miroslav* sounds like a king, *Mirek* just like a regular guy
Oxford dictionary explains lollygagging as "dawdling".
Guns are legal in every country in Europe
TIL there is not a universally recognizable drawn symbol as a counterpart to a drawn penis
I second this
Personally, I think this one was more horrifying
I wanted to make a silly joke involving either the Czech Republic or Hungary
TV is completely irrelevant nowadays
Neither USSR/Czechoslovakia or USSR/Germany shared common border
my French partner is always kinda horrified when I go on about my love of fruit dumplings :D
Idk what to think about it, but Novotný seems like a cool dude
And let's not even pretend that "Eastern Europe" isn't a negative attribute in the English language
But there was also general Vlasov and Russian Liberation Army, who were fighting on German side (mostly they were captives or people, who disagreed with Stalin's regime), but after fall of Berlin, they also helped in fights against German soldiers
Plus the longer you stay in Prague to more day trips you can take to the small villages around the Czech Republic - which are beautiful and absolutely worth a visit.
Really, the extend of the damage cannot be gauged until someone actually sues someone over it
Around 147 liters per year
Next you’re going to tell me Germans also bring Schnitzels on holiday
But if your interest rates are *too high* to pay back without slashing funding, then what option is there?
Wealthy Americans that want to travel to Europe won't be dissuaded by a visa process, the same way that European tourists that want to see the US won't give up just because there's ESTA.
Before that I burned many pots sitting at my comp.
If you want a ticket for a whole week or a month the card is now the only way how to get them
The spanish civil war(s) is the main theme of one of the most popular books of all time, I wouldn't say it's that unknown to people
Piers is OK guy
Spanish bikers are the true hell
In czech they can be both called 'drak', but a kite is often called 'papírový drak' (paper dragon)
You would have Edward Kelley, John Dee, Johannes Kepler, Tycho Brahe, the Devil's Bible and even the mysterious Voynich manuscript, not to mention Rabbi Löw and his Golem, at the same place at the same time which would certainly make a lot of content fitting to the AC universe
Some bigger American events creep in from my subscribed subs from time to time, but only to tolerable degree
New national Constitution got created in 1992 and is in place today
Remember how weird it was to see those US movies where they they always prayed before food and visited church every Sunday
where do you get your meat from
If EU is going to disintegrate, we are going to be hurt pretty badly.
From my perspective you was "genuinely" surprised that there can be a championships in other sports than footbal
I think it's obvious to everyone, that Russia won't let them easily.
Exactly like [this] but with princess dress
[Klement Gottwald] had executed [some of his good friends] But it didn't help him much
None of us speak Italian
traffic signs starts to be a bit different and that's it
How about the fact that those were territories of an occupied enemy state that were under the administration of the US, whose laws applied there compared to an **ALLY** destabilizing, assassinating, and confiscating your country and resources explicitly for their gain
his squat is working in England
Zatímco švagrová štrikuje svetr a fotr plundruje špajz, sestra v ešusu ukuchtila fašírku s erteplema
For all you who wonder how UK + Jamaican accent sounds like
I was born in Ukraine
Holy shit, you think other countries don't have tea bags
In the 19th century, one of our author and national revivalist [Karel Jaromír Erben] wrote a collection of ballads *Kytice z pověstí národních* (A Bouquet of Folk Legends), commonly known as *Kytice*.
Luvia IT
OK:
We are obligated to eventually adopt euro once we meet those conditions, but are we gonna
Oh, Brits will dump their shame on her and blame her for brexit, won't they
new thread, people won't see the edit unless they actively look for it.
Main reason is that he was the guy who basically won the Cold War (forcing USSR to spend more than it could afford on military and thus tanking its already failing economy) which enabled my country and other former Soviet Bloc countries to regain freedom and independence in 1989.
Tbh, I have never heard the word, have you
As long as we have the Constitution and "In God We Trust," we will always be a Christian stronghold in the West...on the surface anyway.
It is, but only for the enthusiasts
Around 11, we got a PS3 and none of the games had subtitles in our language, se we used English subtitles
Whether Czechia is a legitimate name or not, at least on the internet
I wish we could discuss it without too much emotions, more based on facts and evaluation of possible costs and gains of different solutions.
*they are 7-11 years old
[Free-booting
It would be best to wait till the referendum in Turkey is over before EU starts making any strong statements and decisions.
Warszawo, stay strong
Students at IT schools use it and very small percentage of them carries on using it after school.
They have more contact with Slovak than I had in the 90s.
Currently he is lobbing for Russian vaccine and bringing Prymula back again
I mean, just look at them:
Then there is the thing with Common Czech: you learn the language (Standard Czech) and then you realize people around you speak what sounds like a different language
Hh, I see
Who would expect the covid cant be dealt with that way
(When the discussion is getting close to logic
When individuals swear that something's true, they usually say things like: *"I swear, let me die immediately (if it's not true)"* or *"I swear, let me fall in (hell) on the spot (if it's not true)*.
Other pilsner-style beers can be found for the price you mentioned but unless it is a decent beer on sale, it is usually trash
The thing is "will they get covered by polish health insurance
>I try to avoid them since I'm not a billboard and don't see why I should even pay more to be one
of course
But monuments dedicated to Communist leaders
I never had any health problems because of it.
* ES: Gracias
Böhmen and Mähren sounds for me as a Czech way better czechia sounds like some kind of genital herpes
are you talking the ski jumping?
Companies don't offer such positions, which is in quite a contrast to i.e.
Yeah, you guys can’t catch a break, can you
Yeah, goddamnit Jungmann and Palacký!
I'm trying to enjoy my trip here.*"
produce more STEM graduates then there are jobs for.
So we all agree with each other.
He can be friend with Orban
PiS was taking all the steps too quickly and was too obvious about it, you could say that they act in a rather amateurish way, while Orbán was taking more of a gradual approach "two steps forwards, one step back, one step forward, one step back, three steps forward, one step back" and eventually got where he's now without creating such a big buzz in the Brussels.
It was also briefly abolished in 1787-1795 during the rule of Joseph II
I mean how retarded it is to say - your government refuses to take refugees, so let's take money from your farmers/schools/science projects/whatever else.
Wow, we jihočeši got out the best of this
Nah, I like Octopus
And nobody knows how to defend themselves against it, when (again) nobody really cares about anything by now
As is custom in Russia
I think these grippens are 4
She is more experienced, than Trump and 99% of republicans will ever be.
The Westminster guys had what
Hospitals keeping tons of supposed covid patients that are in fact fine
very popular, I can choose probably any direction from our place and within 10 minutes I will reach some place where smoking whatever you want is allowed (and smoking inside itself is officially banned for over 3 years)
the topic is the moments of shame, not limiting it to attacking other countries.
I live in Hradec, Czechia, the most bike friendly city in the entire country
No, military police is rarely involved in civil issues
Some get stolen and transported to Poland through Czechia
Beneš was too old and just gave up, but the Soviets would have taken control of Czechoslovakia anyway, just with force
For us, it's similar as in other countries in the region.
I'd say he's saying that they are useless restrictions.
Other networks and companies are no better when it goes to DCC rates
I can't imagine how large your stores have to be to contain all this *variety*.
I wouldn't say we understand Asia at all, we don't understand each other honestly.
(blue and yellow IIRC)
But Spaniards do use this word versatile
It's treason then
But I also enjoy a good Mediterranean game - Byzantium for Rome, Italian minors for the challenge
they should open office in the UK, some might be into relocation
I'd love to, but I've become a penguin and as such don't have a bank account.
Meaning if you don't get it, the burden of proof why not is on the administration and they are not free to deny you without grounds
[President Zeman]
Personally, I rank our willing participation in the Roma genocide above that
Richie Rich - Sám doma a bohatý - Home alone and rich
I've been to Tunisia once on an exchange program and have some Tunisian, Algerian, Morrocan and Egyptian friends
I've found out recently that we have the same legend of origins of our countries
I lived in northern Finland for some time and it didn't feel as dark as you might expect, because the snow reflects a lot of light, so even during full polar night you could see during the day
We've got our own issues to resolve.
The EU can't do shit in the Aegan, since there is no way for Greek (or any other) ships to force the refugees to turn around, and when they hypothetically caputure them, they can't be returned to Turkey by force, since that would be encroaching on Turkey's sovereignity.
Fun fuct, they are the only country who didn't recognize Czech Republic (and Slovakia too I think?) because of few castles and forests nationalized after WW2.
Holy shit
STABLE GENIUS at work again
Also tatranky would be called mořenky in this scenario
Ask Orban for explanation
But simply by being in Prague, the prices are ... not very affordable
Brno is an architectural mix
Bohemia "Čechy" is land in Czechia "Česko"
Seems like a bullshit to me
I guess it was first documented in English
This is pretty hard to do when you are standing outside of car and police can see whole body.
Sounds gross to me
Beatiful, we can't wait
But one of the best deterrents that we inadvertently already have is the quality of our highways
Oh, you reminded we
let's be honest, it would make more sense ;D
It was proven times and again, that there is strong correlation between school successes and the food
Plz UK, send more blankets
Do you believe it is possible to "disobey order" and organize full-blown military operation with air support and naval landing of a regiment
Pičín=Bitchtown
**Liberec:** Ještěd tower
Bread with lard or *sádlo* as we call it here.
Thanks Germany
Forced and coerced sterilizations of Romani women were happening from the 1970s until 1990s, with at least one known case as recent as 2007
It's really bad and we're not doing fine
That sounds pretty funny, NGL
You mean it is not on the package
Ohh, like a word stress
And it is the Czech people who always crack this joke
If you count all edits then this number is way too low
I can use Excel reasonably well but still am no expert
Czech Republic rules
To hear what's actually trending in the world, you could listen to radio stations from abroad (but that was illegal i believe)
Slovakia/Hungary are only paying lip service to the voting base.
Before the restoration, you can see some elements of the facade are darker than others, such as the columns and cornices
"I have it in cunt"
1st Printed-like, then cursive . Many of my friends write only Printed-like, but I kept cursive, but I write letters Q and G Printed-like cuz I forgot how are They written
Maybe better in Slovak (one Slovak aunt taught my mum the soft l and she taught me, so perhaps I can say it :D), but it's not a thing in general Czech
I believe religion is the last reason why EU would not take in Albania or Bosnia.
For technical sciences it's Czech Technical University in Prague (ČVUT) and for everything else it's Charles's University (UK)
>read for example Frost comes from the Kremlin Mráz přichází z Kremlu )  by Zdeněk Mlynář
Great to be basically a German colony.
Slovakia of course had a strong desire for federation anyway, and strong catholic presence in politics (that was against the secular nature and separation of church from the state)
I'm for Serbia joining EU in the near future.
While I am as anti-commie and anti-PRC as one can be, it needs to be said that recognizing RoC as the legitimate Chinese government would be a big economic hit to any country
Hovězí (beef),
Women can't place their small kids to pre-kindergarten or kindergarten facilities as they are not there or are full of capacity.
Not really, but personally I'm glad the Turkey talks have been leading to nowhere.
People gave up their retirement money/military pay from the state so they can rebuild the nation
There are tens of thousands of people in Western Europe who demand Shariah laws to be allowed to exist and Denmark saw a great spectacle of international tolerance when a newspaper of theirs dared to publish caricatures of a certain religious figure.
Whenever I see the "memes" around here it physically hurts
Been looking for you guys like for 5 minutes of scrolling geez
Well i can speak it fluently, so i can't be that hard
Yeah, I also use them, but sometimes they have problems, mostly during car navigation
Stvůra a nestvůra jsou v podstatě totéž.
We celebrate it too in Czechia
USA used floppy discs for softwares for their nuclear weapons year back
Should have go dressed as Trockij
this makes me sympathize a tiny bit less
That looks so wrong with the space
The communists - directly transformed from the Czechoslovak communist party - have 8 % in the parliament and many of them are mayors in small towns and villages due to old people being a large part of the electorate
We should incentivize shorter hours, more PTO, and also come up with a realistic UBI scheme
I dont expect that, but he states that _it's pretty obvious what you mean_ even though he does not know.
Excuse me for any inconsistencies or missclick, I am writing this on the phone
You guys have 8000 million liters a year, but also more ppl
For Muslims, insult to Propeth Muhammad is worse than killing their father or mother and they feel that must be avenged and that revenge is their duty
They were tall as Eastern Alps today.
I think we should slowly get down to around the same level as before the crisis (cca 30% of GDP).
Later on, I believed in the Pirate Party for some time
Burning witches is better
First I must admit I don't consider myself to be familiar with the Spanish internal politics enough to know how strong is Catalonian lobby in major nation-wide parties or what kind of relations is between Catalonia and other autonomous communities and how strong are other current seccessionist movements in Spain compared to the Catalonian one.
I presonally didnt move, but half of my class did.
Sport shooting is far from a widely practiced activity here.
well HSBC means Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation so it would make sense at least here.
It also has a round shape, it is flat and the filling is in the middle, not hidden inside it (like in a roll).
He must be vibrating in a grave, as he wanted something way better for his nation than this.
Why should we be concerned with everyone elses' opinion is really beyond me.
Research by a joint German and Czech commission of historians pointed death toll at 30k.
Also Slovaks, Bratři, or Bratia
No, it should be Olomouc
we don't exactly have the healthiest eating habits compared to countries that love cooking like Italy or France
Forgot most of them, because I don't need them
What year are the rectangular 2 floor blocks from?
As exemplified by the fact that you, yourself, labelled it true.
Can't speak for other people or even other countries, but my family's experience with gypsies involves multiple burglaries
so with good planning it could be 14 beers and some screws or nuts
Goodbye corruption
I think we will all end up digging trenches
Obviously is Luxembourgeoisie
but this flows pretty well even today, you immediately get it
It will increase but majority of the population is still in favour of the nuclear power plants
Cyprus and the Knights of Rhodes for Jerusalem
Don't bother, results will be available [here]
There are no pools in Prague which would be accessible from balconies
I never heard of them until recently.
it was one big knifey period in the whole Europe
Luckily he didn't know about Auferstanden aus Ruinen
I only ever bought milk for baking or porridge, before switching to "oat beverage". Plain "real" milk always tasted gross to me, especially full fat
remember the Pokémon go song
Good bar off the square
We just need to teach our moms to make few clicks
I tend to dislike the stereotype that Finland is full of drunks
Yeah, but Coca Cola is just crazy sweet and that's the main reason why adults usually don't drink it (but kids love it)
Does [zámek/chateau/Schloß] count
Unlike English, I don't hate Czech accents in German, for whatever reason
It wasn't 1000 pilots, but 1000 air crews
- ancient India and China (in about 2 lessons so)
I personally love hearing different dialects and learning the different words they use
At the very least it's not straight up off-putting to me like eating it with potatoes, haha
Please make it a national holiday too ;-)
Might be weird but I actually like it
... badly, as it's "einen Apfel" (accusative here)
you seem to have gotten it right
They feel to be left from the spotlight in the EU.
It is about protecting western culture and traditions, not some garbage values that were forced on us by intellectual elites
If it's a person, for me it's definitely Karel Čurda
The train had three squeaky carriages with no sound insulation and uncomfortable faux leather seats which have seen the previous regime
But the wiki article that you linked doesn't mention a case where jetzt is used as a model particle.
Still kinda sad that the government doesn't do anything and it's really showing in statistics
I'm 13 so take this with a grain of salt I don't know shit about this stuff just saying what I think about it from what I know
If there's an advantage of the Galileo system, people would bue Galileo devices.
it isn't that hard although not easy
“Back in my days it was exactly the same”
Even more so than usual, I mean
a Czech who doesn't like beer
we have same thing, usually these two weeks when there is a final exam for oldest ones
-Bratříček (political commentary)
Starbucks is the McDonalds of coffee mate.
Personally, I think not much will change, because it's unfeasible to implement such a thing on such a large scale as the directive is suggesting
Bohemian nobility electing Ferdinand I. of the Habsburgs to be the king of Bohemia (1526)
Croatia is a death trap, nothing to joke about.
It was quite surprising for me as I've never seen such concentration of this type of clothes before, and in my country I would feel extremely silly casually going out in it.
GDPR ️️️
Our most imperial moment (apart from being the pivotal part of the  Habsburg Empire which we usually pretend to be a victim of) was Czechoslovakia and the subjugation of unsuspecting/s Slovaks and Ruthenians (sorry Hungary)
> Córdoba
see they can't do everything they want
For listening, Youtube has been more helpful to me than movies, because people speak more naturally
My issue is that here on reddit, there are several Czech redditors who are gun enthusiasts, which is fine, but please don't pretend like it's totally the norm here
The rules are pretty clear so there isn't much the police can do if the gun fits the criteria.
Yeah we didn't create that flair
Never had issue with it even in school
combine that with mining history, military bases under totalitarian regime and you have a lot of creepy shit
Yeah it wasn't betrayal per se, it was total incompetence of French third republic in general
Sure, but first I like to have 8 hour workday, Monday to Friday
For me, France and Italy are two countries proving absolute injustice of God in distribution of wonderful natural and cultural sites
The price of convenience, it's more about the price of the plastic/bottles rather than the liquid
Yeah, it doesn't look Eastern European in my experience, either
Let’s just say that the bottle of water I buy at the station costs more than the ticket for my hour and a half long journey
Has the efficiency of the burning any significant influence on this
I wouldn't say Pho is beginning to be known, I think it's already an established staple in the food industry here, same like pizza
I know it would be super weird to have that name in Czech Republic ok
**" Patriotism is love for one's own nation, not hatred for others
It's easy to look at it from your perspective, you didn't live during that time and didn't have to suffer
quickest wash and dry run it can do is 3.5hours which is pretty fine.
Well, I didn't even notice the typo, I don't think it's necessary to delete it because of that
His sentence
But in the case of men I'd say it's viewed more as a statement, not just fashion
you use your own bottles/glasses/jars
So basically you're drunk all the time.
Pilsner Urquell is definitely not 35 euro cents here
What the fuck
they
Seems like you can't drain the fascist out of German blood, no matter how hard you try
You got it basically right, especially ANO.
Czech scouting is definitely more like the Swiss one, we also have more scout-like organizations, but most of them are somewhat similar in how their activities look thanks to common heritage
Beer I know its not food but best beers came from Europe and you can drink it with a lot of classic European food
In Czech dubbing, the girls didn't even speak Czech, but Slovak
My great-grandfather made his apartment a safehouse for the resistance troops during the occupation by Germans and he got a medal for honor
I greet them when I meet them, have some friendly chat frkm time to time
In czech its veverka
Yeah Im in a village an hour from Prague and 8/12 houses have parents and their adult kids in them with their children, 5 with spouses
Only by the lower house
No one is a saint
If Mélenchon is elected, I feel terrible for Germany.
Ireland
The Ariane 5-6 were originally totally outclassed by SpaceX.
My mum and her friend returned their cards right on Monday after the events of the 17th November
You can hear them reee-ing in a distance
I meant czech social media or comment sections under czech articles
ANO is the ruling and biggest party, they are a catch-all populist party, very hard to pinpoint any kind of ideology, they just do whatever brings the most votes
Nowadays I store my shoes, clothing for practical lessons, PE clothing and my heavist book (1000 pages) with a jacket or whatever I don’t want on me
-Julius Caesar
Poland: they dont like us much, but it could work, overtime the languages would get simmilar
In this situation, I expected Democrats to win elections landslide and even flip Senate
yeah, joking about roman salute makes you fascist
oh yes, didn't see a picture of Prague castle for some time.
"It's about -1600 °C  high in the atmosphere as the molecules are too far away from each other" - my high-school geography teacher
Notably, he saw E.T and Rambo
Czech republic: Living there, lots of memories
z - from
Ah that memories
haha it must have taken a lot of work to find (in the respective native languages) which countries are the most triggered when called Eastern Europe
Don't go there without some prior research and common sense
I'm no expert on American politics, but until Sanders came along I thought calling yourself "socialist" would be political suicide in America, so this is an important change for the better in my opinion.
women (or 1 man 1 woman) who don't know each other that well kiss on cheek twice.
I wouldn't say random Russian, but for Oymyakonians certainly.
We have two very industrialised regions: Moravian-Silesian region and Northern Bohemia.
Not better than одеть одежду, надеть Надежду, maybe even worse because the first letters don't match
We should be celebrating this every day
Czechia is fine
We had
Food, art, sexy language, wine, fashion etc and those are arguably more relevant in today's world than Munich.
Feel 0 connection to people from Greece (just as a representative country) just because we are on the same side of the Pangea split
They still live like this
PiSs on cancer I guess
Also PiS didn't campaign promising that they'll try to obstruct the EU.
For god's sake, read something about it
Noped out it very quickly
[Hitler looking out  of a window at the Prague Castle]
I thought it was a carpet
Not German and not my grandfather, but my grandmother was in the BDM but fell in love with a British soldier and came to the UK with him at the end of the war
I take this into consideration and still feel the world was mostly calm
Poland has potential, but they need to step up with financing.
I am not from poland but i have deduced i agree
(Do you have a black man behind your butt
He also owns a few major Czech newspapers.
I put a line  in the middle otherwise it looks like a 2
Good distinction
Trifon Ivanov(rest in peace) was a scary looking guy, I still remember the old Panini sticker
If we don't have a border we don't have a country.
[The one we had when we were german protectorate during WW2 (now we have it as our tricolor)]
True, but i work in a field where people are used to working outside of regular work hours (tourism, hospitality)
Czechs understand better with Slovaks, but I am able to communicate with Poles too, it takes much effort though
* From Slovak, and quite recent: "Mám v piči na lehátku" (I have in my cunt on a deck chair)
Petersburg
Almost a quarter of people who work in CZ are low-wage earners, and any cuts in social security will turn their lives into living hell at a point where this really ISN'T THE FUCKING PROBLEM
Anyone should be allowed to believe in any invisible man they wish as long as it doesn't affect others.
And if I and the wife had that salary we could probably live similar life that we do now, except for vacations abroad and retirement savings, I mean they make close to what we spend
There is lot of it
There are many more outside of Prague but these ones I named are just unmistakable
Gottwald only declined because, aside from not wanting the risk of being made redundant by an army commanded directly from Moscow, he was certain the political pressure, combined with the threat of civil war would be sufficient to force Beneš to concede
Tbh replacement migration is a real thing
a bike path to the office
Luckily France can troll them by building nuclear plants right next to their borders.
Cca 20 min
The eastern city wall was where a modern highway cuts through the city center at the end of Wenceslaw square and I.P.
Russia is clearly breaking the international treaty with us but the bones in a landfill are not a direct result of our removing the statue 2 weeks ago
Huh, didn't know you were making these jokes too lol
Edit: yes, you're right
"Spadl z višně" - fell from a cherry tree, aka has stupid ideas
Nowadays in Europe, only some muslim and gypsy minorities still keep their old custom of selling the girl for dowry, sometimes before her 15 years of age.
Lithuania - Litva,
Certainly better than all of Europe
Russia digging up soldiers of ours from the first world war and putting them in a literal landfill
thank you
To your question, prime minister has always more power than president (PM is head of government), but president can veto laws from parliment (who create laws), but parliment can overrule presidential veto by majority and get the law in lawbooks anyway
I looked at the blueprints for my house and it was built in 1806
Greece can say this about the coast of Asia Minor
I have such fond memories of hookah and backgammon in Turkey :)
Culturally I would feel at home
Not hot, but still comfortable warm
Also "palice" for those big ones
His chancellor failed to get security check from secret service, that is needed for his office
It's inevitable
Not many kids really know what they want to do in their early teens vs
Russia does not have a drinking problem.
The KSČ, who had won only a plurality (around 1/3) in 1946, largely thanks to the optics of them having secured the official Liberation of Prague and therefore the country (and their propaganda machine which heavily tried to cover up and unload blame for all the very unpopular city aerial bombings they committed in the last days of the war to keep german soldiers for surrendering to the US instead of the USSR), occupied key ministerial and admin positions (ministry of justice, chief of police etc) and immediately (literally, work started in the summer of 1946, when the parliamentary elections were on May 26th) set out creating a new constitution, largely based on the Soviet one of 1936 that would dismantle democracy, enact widespread censorship, and remove judicial independence
> Putting aside how rarely people actually go to butchers here, no
Vietkong
Some people keep going there as workers once the turn 18, so you can keep in contact
Włochy -> Italy is a pretty big one too
After we established Czechoslovakia, Catholicism became a symbol of Habsburg oppression and at first we wanted to replace it with our traditional Unity of the Brethren church but over the centuries we kinda forgot how to practice it.
In English Ales (brewed without or with very little hops) and Beers (brewed with hops), to the point that they were taxed differently, and IIRC, that distinction still applied in the XVIII and probably even in the XIX centuries
American tourists in Prague can get pretty startled at the fact
Why do I immediately think of [this]
Once the 3 month period is over, 90% of employees got sick for solid 1.5 years.
Dead by something a bit of penicillin can sort today
It's basically a liquor made from plums (though it can be made from basically any other fruit) and tastes adequately
Actually hitting someone from a safe distance requires practice, especially under stress
When one of their reporters outright lied and they refused to fire him, I lost all my faith in them
Ehm, no
&#x200B;
Where are you from
There used to be places where if you stood outside in a white shirt for 30 minutes the shoulders would turn grey from the smog and soot
Svobodová.
My parents are both monolingual so there was no way they could do this
We **don't** talk about each other, but the list of similarities just goes on and on.
(Die) Kurve= curve
Pre-covid, travelling abroad in Europe was not a big deal, I’d leave the country 2-4 times a year, and that was before I started dating across borders
And since Germany is historically known for trying shit and the fact that they have not for 70 years is quite unsettling, I'd go with them
The point is that your everyday Joe that got mad because his girl left him cant just go, buy himself a gun, get drunk and then shoot 5 people in the bar.
5 million firearms in use, which are legally owned by 1
I don't think I have ever seen a unisex bathroom here.
Sounds strange to me with 'n'
But you're right about bad timing
Yes, same reason too
They're there to play football, not to make political moves
the new British empire of tax evaders and inequality is on the horizon
If any Germans would like some examples would like some examples, just comment, and I'll reply with more tomorrow
Because every single one of these places is trying to be everything, but affordable (unlike many actual ramen places in Japan)
Don't worry, we are too
Not rape per say but you kidnap the girl to marry them.
It was about creating spheres of influence, similar to the Portugal-Spain Treaty of Tordesillas in 1494
I don't get the whole porn thing.
Generally, people go to neighbouring countries for weekends quite a lot
The one where the Communist party was purging the the StB to secure total control over it and the police forces
Sadly the after war history is kinda
He has a conflict of interest
Older ones, may sometimes be retrofitted with it, but it's not terribly common
We've got metro, they've got pitchforks.
Otherwise what is the point of such legislation
Parties that align with my beliefs the most are too small to succeed (meaning nowhere near 5% of votes necessary to get in the Parliament)
You can imagine two pathways in getting to like a particular song/album/artist/band:
Dead and undead are both dead, tho
"Dělá vlny" - he's making waves, as in doesn't want to cooperate, agree, or reach a concensus
Only once Denmark is mentioned
taxi is ok but you HAVE to use the app unless you are not local
How about Greece in the middle?
Can someone explain WTF is going on in Spain
Explaining sw, how internet works, what each part does when we're cleaning their PC etc
Kyslík-O
It just gets even more complex, that's all.
Some of the leaders were in their 20's and I remember one scout who was like 60
So nice you dont need to calculate how big extortion you have to pay
I remember a few occasions when me and my sister were abroad drinking at a bar and some guys were trying to hit on us and refusing to take the hint that we're not interested in talking to them, so we'd just switch to Czech and that always worked to get rid of them.
You know there are bad people everywhere
Well, it works Extremely well for us, you know.
You small
So yeah I also have only this kind of opener, although with a larger handle to be more comfortable to hold
We don't really have a word for them
Same in Prague and bigger cities in Czech republic
You mean Laurel
Yep, Pfeffel was rolling in Upper East Side
Not saying I like it
In most of the European countries, the word used for "both continents" is just America (Amerika in German, Czech, etc
Brno is definitely introverted
In US police procedurals tracking down a suspect often hinges on having their social security number
In Czechia you have to be privately insured but the health insurance companies are very controlled
You can disagree with others opinions but you should be really careful before calling someone "alt-right adjacent cunt".
You know what's better than two
Non-EU immigrants make slightly over 50 % of our foreigners.
I may be wrong, but I think he spoke some Moravian too (but only a few words)
But the possibilities are almost endless
As a good ol' bitter Czech I have noone to thank cuz everyone sucks/sucked
Thanks, but even in this article are only mentioned masks and respirators
(And yes I recognize there are links between SDF/YPG and PKK and the history behind it)
I called the bank and luckily they were able to unblock it temporarily so that I could withdraw the money, but I had to get a new card in the end.
I stand by my reasoning that bad trials are worse than no trials at all, as they send the wrong message.
I am geniunely curious ... Like to me this thing just lacks any sort of decency or *nuance*. I can just imagine the architect told the builders to just slap random vaguely fantasy looking things on the house everywhere they could ... I think this is just another piece of highly kitschy bussiness baroque
And that people elsewhere complain just as much as in my country
Russia and China have our far right/left and our president in their pockets
>Most people in Czech Republic have no idea about this
In Czechia, we call everything *marmeláda*.
I understood what they were saying, but only from context and with the words being wtitten with today's letters (few of them changed sounds over the years), so I'd say it is intelligable, but more like slightly simmilar foreign language
I know I had RES literally blocking every mention of Trump during the height of the elections, but I guess I got rid of it eventually
Lithuania: Litva
Water retention, people
But I'm really surprised by the negativity towards both Vietnamese and Jewish people
And if you call  Radetzky  Austrian, because Bohemia was part of Austrian Empire, you should call Mozard German, because independent city of Salburg was part of HRE
Ah, a man of culture
[Here
\-5% Base Stability
Yeah, something vaguely similar happened and the audience will feel more intense...
Sometimes Pfizer-Biontech
Had been drinking hard night before, went to bed around 5, woke up at 7 to get to work, still drunk obviously
Raw pork is dangerous to my knowledge (parasites)
Is religion in NI related to ethnicity?
I miss you to Guys, nearest Austrian city(Retz) is like 15min by car from my home and It really frustrate me that I cant visit
There's no one at the top EU position from a V4 country, apart from Tusk.
For many Austrians, the former Eastern European countries are popular cheap shopping or day-trip destinations.
Nobody even yet defined how this multi-speed EU should look like - in which areas should countries integrate more and which should stay at the national level?
"First off, I can't believe how cheap it is to fly between EU countries.
I wouldn't mind traveling to Hungary from Czechia even with a child
Also once the migrants reach the international law, they can already ask for asylum and the international law doesn't allow us to deport them until their application is processed and rejected.
I see that drawing brexit cartoons has become an industry of its own
I mean you are almost on par with Greece and Spain!
The negation of an implication is not the implication using the negations.
That's why you shouldn't call us Eastern Europe
Wait what the hell
Plenty of 318 aren't against it
slavic tribes came in contact with some iranian tribes
s = with
This was terribly confusing for me while learning English - in Czech, Slovakia is Slovensko and Slovenia is Slovinsko
Most of my reasons are already written in this thread
Flaktürme are absolutely breathtaking constructions
TV not included because there is nothing worth paying for.
I really like National technology museum in Prague
Their policies are a mix of pragmatism and populism.
That would make the placement of tens of thousands of troops and weapons in Germany less awkward
Scandinavia is one of the most developed regions in the world, meanwhile, orthodox countries are stuck in time and slowly declining.
From a realpolitik point of view, having Turkey in NATO is waaaay more important than supporting a minor player in the grand scheme of things
It's the same situation for several years now even though we used to have a looot of snow for majorty of winter some 15 years ago
[The one we copied from poland]
Aspik, it's so disgusting
My flatmate got one recently because she's a coffee enthusiast and wanted to see if having filtered water would improve the coffee taste
Having monarch as representative person and person who unites us is great
Well fuck, now this idiot is going to sanction the V4 for not giving their countries over
It is on this sub but I'm on mobile.
Czechs universities are mostly free, but living in university city Is kinda expensive
If what you have told me is true then o kurwa
In late middle ages, the way to avoid death penalty was, to be lowered in the hole in the rock, to tell them what's in there and most prisioners chose death over freedom, but those who chose to be lowered there went crazy according to the legend
An italian friend of mine said this to me but refused to tell me what it means
Homer: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Explains the weird looks I've been getting from people when I greeted them when walking by, in a small town
Now horseradish sauce, that's just plain evil
Totally agree
Compared to other pistols that were there I sincerely liked shooting with them the most.
It explains how European civilization rose up when rest of the world stagnated (last 500 years) and how in the last 50 years the rest of the world is catching up.
I find it hugely hypocritical how so many defend the right of private companies to censor free speech on their websites (be it hate speech or not), but the second China is involved everyone is again such practice (and yes, they are the same people, lot of them straight up admitted it in various threads)
There were always behind-the-scenes plots and arguments about whether their vote should be secret or not, but eh, in retrospect it doesn't seem so bad
In Teplice, where I live, there are about 25 vietnamese restaurants, that's probably even more than Czech-cuisine restaurants we have here
Or even showing the ticket to the driver
Oh, well, that would be just venomous snake (jedovatý had), viper (zmije) is here only the specific snake with viper/adder in its name
With Máj?? So I wrote it for him in the most simple way I could but still with the basics of analysis from our highschool teacher and he still got 5 because it was not enough and wrong
I bet you will find very few
I'm happy my country contributes so much these days
gloat and push an agenda on such news
Even basic skins are better for hiding that expensive ones
Hans Solo
[Alena Schillerová - Minister of Finance]
I mean sure, paperwise the salaries are lower here, but so are the prices
Don’t know if it is true, but it was told that it is the hardest slovan language and in top 10 hardest languages in the world
Oh gosh we have czech version of this
To be fair it doesn't really matter who's in the white house
Der Hereitkuchen sind das beste
> You're using a lot of words to say that they're bad
but were complete nonsense
Czech Republic used to be more green
Examples of the legal differences (but there are way more): unable to adopt a child, unable to foster a child, legally you don't have in-laws, you can only get "married" at a few selected institutions and can't have legal witnesses, in case of a divorce there are no laws about dividing shared property, in case of death of one of the partners you're not entitled to the money widow(er)'s get from state
Zeman seems much more like Trump anyways.
Karel Lucemburský, Karel Habsburský - poslední Habsburk, Karel Bavorský, tenhle Karel
And the UK is number one country at turning them into pies
A Canadian guy who has lived here for 50 years once told me that cities are either extroverted, showing of their monuments (like Prague), or introverted, where you have to find the interesting things yourself, but then it's worth it
* **Haná (central Moravia):** Sort of a nice-to-live-in breadbasket countryside inhabited by slow thinking farmers
Somebody from Vietnam I'm guessing
And yes, most people dont really feel the need but they have a choice in that matter
Like 90% of the things we do are the same as normal scouts would do and that is pretty much the same the Swiss scouts do
I think that they've started dating when he was 39 and she was 20
Neutral: mal(á) auta (little cars) -> mal(ý) auta
1948, 1968 and 1989
Guys, I spent like 15 nights in a tent at various camping sites in DE, AT, IT this summer and I don't understand you.
r/WTF
Is it sorted by anything
Then it depends on what your level is, if you're at a point where the teacher is happy you can put a sentence together at all noone cares about this, but at a more advanced level you're usually expected to pick one and stick to it.
So dark it could pick cotton
interesting how people recognize the taste of ass, right?
Happy that the mean man in charge of fixing our mess made a mistake and had to go away
Masculine: mal(í) hadi (little snakes) - > mal(ý) hadi
I live in a city, ex-east Germany.
We used to have an old Wessex helicopter on the training base back in the UK when I was in the army which always fascinated me
But there are different type of cancerous cells, with different responsiveness to immune system safety mechanisms and different rate of growth, so to say that cancer=cells reproducing to infinity is innacurate.
The main obstacle is probably that the people of Sweden can't find any consensus about what "reasonable" actually means in this context.
>occasionally above 25, rarely above 30
So proud to be Czech
If it is hide and seek quote than it is "Před pikolou za pikolou nesmí nikdo stát, nebo nebudu hrát. Už jdu
TIL they have elections in Turkey
Next two days are for visits
Many countries have visa free travel with the EU.
That's a completely different issue.
Are there people that don't know this already?
The US didn't gain any territory but it did profit financially
It’s not allowed
They are awesome
Thanks
Interesting how Americans talk about their wages a year and by a month
and and it's terribly sweet
I’d say languages are generally easy for me - I was tHe GoOd StUdEnT in French class (starting at 14 I think) and got to B2 with hardly studying
Finally some good fucking news
remember Johnny Bravo
because, there is hardly truly relatable, modern and uncorrupted party.
Our current PM is Slovak
But so far I haven't found any *logical* argument why should it be like this
At my university, where I happen to study history, current events and stuff that happend after 11/9 are normally included to a large extent, but nineties are a bit neglected.
Tried a few diets/meal plans
One can optimize the songs with these conditions in mind
I should do something about that
In your head
There are NO locally owned manufacturers that can produce competitive products at cost!
again with the misinformation here...
* they take away so much space from people in cities
Isn't the word месяц used for moons other than earths
I do both as a joke when visiting good friends, but wouldn’t do that any other time
(unless it's the "take the worst of each" kind of situation, which obviously isn't the case here)
It's usually slow roasted and served with cabbage and dumplings
Although, some people joke about the taste of water in my hometown (which I don't mind): "You drink half the glass and the rest you eat
The others are only for hunting or sport shooting
Since I have octopus phobia, not exactly appealing
And even if they did remember some Russian from school, I doubt that they would do that
\*ahem\*
I don't think I have ever eaten one.
Sad fact - there were a politicians who were making money in this business
They are both Indo-European languages
By the time of the Russians were seizing Crimea me and my friends, classmates at university and plenty of other people I know, we all did voice our protests to our politicians (we e-mailed people we voted for in our elections and/or in EU elections) to express we stand against this aggression and demand to take actions against it ASAP
If you want to use only one use děkuji
One of our most famous hockey players (Jaromír Jágr) got booee by the public for staring in an electric bike ad
mostly cheap furniture which doesn't stay long with couple of good things
Your ignorance and stupidity makes my blood boil
Disregarding Pa, I rather like kg/cm^2 (technical atmosphere) which is very close to the standard atmosphere
Tři sta třicet tři stříbrných stříkaček stříkalo přes tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech sounds good because of ř, but I personally think there's better one:
Czechia was 8th economy in the world before socialism and communism influence
-Minecraft reality (They make Survivor in minecraft like IRL)
Yeah, it's called Ústav pro jazyk český (Czech Language Institute) and falls under the national Academy of Sciences
And this doesn't apply only to foreigners.
Poland (royal marriages, Cieszyn, Boleslav the Piast)
nightly may - the time of love
My name Viktora is common mostly in south Czechia/Bohemia and mostly around cities Czech Budweiser and city Písek, but most people in cz probably never heard this name, also polish names are really common in Silesia and city Ostrava
Now that I think about it most Czech folk traditions sound absolutely insane when we explain them to foreigners, like whipping women on Easter, or Devils, Hell and Water spirits who drown people and keep their souls are common children stories protagonists
South-eastern czech here, neither do we :/
No, some religious weirdo (mostlikely jehova whiteness) might have something written on the house but I didn't see a billboard
aggressive and active interception of radicals and people who spread hate speech and incite violence, for example through mosques.
No, you can't enter building and the flat without key anyway so there isn't any risk someone will randomly walk in
First stabbing of oranges, hacking airlines' website, then stealing a flag of Dutch consulate and now this?
NATO needs a strong and stern voice in these times, not somebody who will bend to the will of Trump or Putin.
Private pension, on the other hand, is more about investing your own money (and potentially getting some extra from the employer/govt) and then cashing in on the result of that investment - not relying on others to pay you when your time comes
In CZ, though, not in Germany
What do you mean know
It's kinda taboo here as well, but when we were talking he said that he never had a problem with his name
It's something that is quite normal
Northern Moravia near Jeseníky, but maybe it's not that common in general
You don't understand the Incompetence of the Government
However, these are not articles in the same way as in English, German etc
The kind of people who drive to work don't really care about the cost of public transport.
I wish more people knew about side effects, but it's difficult when people on social media advertise it as totally safe, sometimes even as a cure
I used them in Russia and I was immediately singled out as a tourist and had to pay 10x higher entrance fees
When my old diesel has problem to start
you suffer
Don't let the western degeneration rule over you
So I drive to school like 2-3 times a day (not because I want to cut the time in almost half, but because I enjoy driving a lot)
we don't exactly have the healthiest eating habits compared to countries that love cooking like Italy or France
Thank you
We, a landlocked country, have attacked Soviet fleet on the lake Baikal and won
ignite - podpálit - underburn
I don't know the exact details, but legend says, that since Stone Age, some strange creatures climbed from strange hole in the rock
20min walk OR 15 min bus+walk OR 10min bike ride
"*Intercontinental flight*", "*Eurotrip in Western Europe*" and "*Cheap*" don't really fit into one sentence, guy.
...it is about our president, isn't it
Vy vyl vyn, tejkyd ízy, bat tejkyd
Dinner for One - Freddie Frinton and May Warden (A German Silvestr tradition.
shitload of things and activities for childrens
Overall lights are everywhere and the nighttime feels kinda romantic
They got temporary visa for study or work (7 years of study or 4 years of work - this could be longer in some cases) but many decided to stay (via marriage or other ways) Couple years after Vietnam war there were around 30thousands Vietnamese people here.
Not at this scope and detail they didn't.
This is going to be a really cool thing to find like 30 years from now
It would be a shame if Putin's critics suddenly got a few billion dollars in cash at their disposal...
Sounds Chinese
We have the same in czech, except with i/y, s/z, mě/mně,  je/ě.
Our MPs do that all the time
And yes I know that Czechy in polish makes sense
Society evolves so does religion.
I heard that the underground there is pretty interesting, with multiple stories and all
Just go see the city centre on a weekend night (especially Národní Třída)
the religion that must not be named
I'm not naive
I get that
Here's to news without Trump
Yeah, because the rents are quite a bit cheaper.
Jesus christ on a stick
It's called studeňák (~a cold one) in Czech
However I'm basic thing on next to nothing, I don't even know anyone who actively plays either of them.
the Shinkansen and nothing else
They targeted either specific ethnic groups or nations which they found to be "rebellious": kalmyks, baltic nations, poles or certain groups of the soviet society (regardless of ethnicity): peasants, intelectuals, anti-communists, etc.
Step: 3 do the images look like a bunch of field with fuck all
Average salary of Czech woman is by 25% lower than of a Czech man.
It might cause a massive unemployment problem
reminds me of that woman who wanted to hitchhike through middle east to prove that the countries are safe for women.
Especially in Prague
It's all good until weird people start putting yogurt there
Anyone who tries this is called a terrorist and we invade that country and burn it to the groud
>Olomouc:
Are you saying that the best way how to deal with terrorism is just to get used to it?
We call them "Párky" (pairs), because, well, they come in pairs
Hard core capitalism overnight.
It is something really disgusting
are you trying to provoke a civil unrest
Bratia = Bros
It's unreal
However, if you still desire to get to the štamtyš, you have to simply wait at this stage
romania sounds like hell
It's actually quite funny to see people struggle with the tongue twister after growing up here
I would add Czech TV
I mean we already have Black Fridays and Santas and what not, so why not this one
This happends when you bring swords to a cannon fight.
No, no no no no no NO NO NO NOOOoooooooOOOooo
One example is from Spiderman:homecoming, where they were in Prague and there was this weird south-american festival thing going on
Nagy from Hungarian is a nice example.
never been to US
I think they are quite cool, was on a long holiday in Lapland once and they had a shop selling wooden carved stuff, cups, knives, bottle openers etc
Also, some grandmas tend to call halušky everything that is made from dough and is boiled.
That doesn't mean, that it's ok.
Here's one fort known more for holding people in than out...
And by the way, very few of them are still nomadic as some people here have been writing.
Have you actually ever shot a pistol
Then there's Colloquial Czech (*hovorová čeština*) which is a spoken variant of Literary Czech meant to be used in conversations, and is a bit less formal, with words altered for easier pronunciation and more open to influence of vernacular dialects
The flip-flops master race
copyright in relation to an upload to which access has been disabled or that has been removed .
Czech has 3 genders
Being borderline musically illiterate, I was stunned to only recently learn about a cult pre-revolution band whose [music] sounds like it could very well be tweaked to fit into a Stranger Things soundtrack
I have a question on german - what does the mansait (manzeit, I dont know) means
Fridge
Most of the times
>and occasionally ALSO live at home while going to university
I'm trapped under a pile of diapers
We're not perfect either despite the democracy.
It's usually footsteps or things falling
Je mi to u piče ( It's by a pussy)
I would recommend Prague if you ever go there
Now I wonder if there is something wrong with my blood, because this is like the 100th time I hear 0 blood gets the worst of it :D
With my friends when we were drunk
I think the problem is that this is such uncommon, basically non-existent problem here, that it's just going to be judged on case by case basis (remember, we don't have precedent base law).
Has to be brutal technical death metal at least though
(but because of covid I haven't been there for some time)
Why is that not so many people live in very south of Norway - Agder?
r/mapswithoutprague
how the fuck I am supposed to remember that and other languages as well
Thats
Another weekend plan ruined
We've only formally established relations 10 years ago and there are still disputes
z - from
It's obviously ahistoric fantasy but I would say they still got a kind of Slavic aesthetic.
It's normal you round up the price to the nearest convenient number (32 -> 40, 180 -> 200 CZK).
Not in all dialects
Much better, thanks
Sometimes in the morning there Is ice on the ground from frozen water, but that's it
It's pretty cold this week, but otherwise around 5C and higher and I don't expect any snow
\- Bohemia
101k of masks weights 660tons
Your body will have trouble dealing with pathogens it didn't encounter before then
Best bro countries forever
That's the exact opposite
I heard that from NFKRZ I don't speak Russian but I was just curious
I prefer spoken Czech more though
Politici BYLI demonstranty
is also a national holiday
Yes, kind of
Sounds like you've never worn a proper face mask in public transport, during a hot day
Hungary is such an eye SÖR on this map
is a little bit funny
&#x200B;
Not because Hitler said so
Since then it's been the seat of Czech rulers
Until Lukashenko is in power, that is not possible.
We had to buy books in high school too, and some teachers insisted on the newest edition (especially for fairly expensive foreign langauge books - very annoying), but elementary/middle school books definitely should be provided
Something similiar here in Czechia
Here in Czech Republic, everyone is expected to speak Czech
Love that channel
* CZ: Děkuji
The first one on a good university, the second one on an okay university
We must face these triages and intubations united
or /r/JuropijanSpeling/
Cursive first
It's funny that we have the word "Česko", which we use in everyday conversations pretty much every time, but when we speak English, most of us prefers the "Czech Republic". Since pretty much no other country calls itself a republic explicitly (nobody says the Italian Republic, the French Republic, ...), it doesn't make any sense that we do, but I guess we are just used to the sound
Hezky řečeno
But that's just part of the experience
Then again, give how many ILLEGAL guns there are in Serbia
I've never heard anything about him having the Austrian citizenship at the time he was born so I don't think people had citizenships back then
And also a hint of smog (looking at you, industrial cities)
Eg Olomouc used to be the "capital" of Moravia (got replaced by Brno) Litoměřice and Žatec were major cities in the north-west (now replaced by Ústí nad Labem and Liberec), Kutná Hora used to be the second most important city in the kingdom
It was also reddit who taught me you could hate UPS/DHL/insert your least favourite courier not just because being late but also for damaging the package or leave it in a way someone could steal it
Our contradictory nature, probably: we do a lot of sports, yet surfer from high obesity and have high alkohol consumption, our country is steeped in history yet few people care about it, we love to laugh at other people misery yet we made masks for our neighbores and hospitals while goverment was as ineffectual as ever
worked with quite a lot of them, but they were all of my age (39) or even younger so there was no reason to blame them for apartheid and all the shit their ancestors did.
Also, reminds me that they weren't that different from us
You said that it will be hard for Trump to have worse approval rate.
Easy winter has to be the reason
Even among my generation English proficiency is pretty abysmal and among middle aged and older people it's atrocious.
This reminds of this riddle: how many ends does [jitrnice] have
"*reader stories: to take revenge on my husband, I seduced his mistress*" - [Blesk.cz]
A violent person can prepare some violent shit (with some sort of gun) and just wait for police man near his window.
What about some saint that absolutely shouldn't be saints
Company I was working for moved me to UK (and then elsewhere) and everyone here and in UK call me expat
Hmm exact same thing from our hornbach is with free delivery, but looks to me they do free delivery of everything over 1500 CZK (around 55 EUR) if it fits into boxes
Likewise Latin *now* is fully preserved and teaching it to people (as an actual spoken language) is useless and won't ever expand our knowledge of it.
There were two large military zones used by Soviets and lots of small facilities they used and their final destiny depended on many factors like distance from nearest town or means of privatisation
Do you lock the door of your house/apartment when you're at home
With luck, next time they will not make to the parliament
Yes it's hard, but you made the choice and the world won't adapt as you please.
Now horseradish sauce, that's just plain evil
Hulku mudruuků nusudůvuj u putuku, ....
Makes, confirms, you could probably think of another word with really similar meaning :D
Basically unheard of
Well, yes
And if that is the impression your country leaves on someone, i d say the government is doing something very good
) it's without a period
That is, to federalize, not just pool resources with its member states.
Sharing/uploading copyrighted content is illegal, but as far as I know, only few really large uploaders were ever busted.
It does, technically
Now if Brit wants to work or stay longer in some European state will have to ask for visa
* *Mám na háku*, lit
I should precise by the word there I meant indifferentlanguages
I'm from Czech Republic an I prefer Czech because in Czech language we say Česko [tšesko]
Many of them, and generally they fall into two broad categories:
And beer - like 50 different kinds.
A good start would be a realisation that neither The Left nor The Right have a monopoly on what constitutes our so called core EU values.
Unless you seat yourself to a 6 chair table, while smaller tables are available, then you might get some looks
But what will be his next steps after no deal brexit
So hot even the mosquitoes are hiding
Honestly when I see how some immigrant communities behave in some Western European countries, I just want to go to our East/South East Asian immigrants or Eastern European immigrants and thank them for how adaptable they are.
Any citizen can move to another EU country (or even non-EU country) at any moment
USSR imposing the communist regime on us is one of the main reasons we still significantly lag behind the Western Europe (from the economic point of view)
Find their subreddits, but they split in various sects who mutually fight  and it is really not easy not write something what would cause immediate ban
With a draught, the weather gets even hotter as there is not a lot of water and green to cool it down
First thing that came to mind is Žijeme len raz  It is a Slovak song but it played everywhere and all the time in 2012
Perhaps, perhaps not
I don't believe that a single person makes a difference, if you kick out some moron in politics, the morons voting him will find someone else in the same vein
But I agree with you that with Austrians and Germans there is a bond
My toppings of choice are always some combination of melted butter, sugar, cacao, and/or grated high-fat quark
Dead by something a bit of penicillin can sort today
And the media would not be fueling this, if the British public didn't care.
If they didn't like living as minorities in Czechoslovakia with full rights and freedoms (and as I said, that was more than what Czechs and Slovaks had in A-H empire), they were free to move to Germany, Austria or Hungary
He influences public opinion through his media
I thought you get used to weird time
We have a whole tongue twister based around that "Strč prst skrz krk
Wasn't Vyšehrad a seat of Czech rulers for some time
Yeah but I didnt think thats a party thing, thats going to the pub with friends for 2,5,10 beers
In German, Meer sometimes means lake, and See sometimes means sea
But the regional differences were small, because communism
you can take the first place, this time
Other Baltic countries don't have it as bad
I heard someone screaming it on youtube, but Im too lazy to use translator.
I respectfully disagree on both points you make - WW1 as relevant analogy and claim that armed population makes no difference in terms of ability to resist potentially oppressive and authoritarian government.
Well I'm going to Creta in a few days
But it's just some folk tale
I was never taught anything else (I wasn't formally taught to write print in the first place)
Why, juniper of course
There is some kind of European identity, because after all, nearly all of our languages came from one family
Around 160 000 ppl stated german ethnicity in 1950 census.
In a private sale the parties fill out the same form (it includes information about the gun and both parties) and while the seller uses the form to transfer the ownership to the buyer, the buyer then has 10 work days to register the ownership
Won’t be in it that much difference, but I can think of something really weird
It happened to me once when I was trying to buy a book from an online shop in a different country.
Even more hard-headed people with lots of common sense, but unable to change their opinions
He disgraces Czechia in the EU
Kinda feel like one country splitting into two is more of a "self destruct" moment than two countries merging into one, but hey ho
This is one of the things I like about the way Germans think about politics
I would have to use a phrase to describe something that has just one word in English
We even adapted the "imbus" in Czech for the hex
I don't agree with this
"Hey, it wasn't us, it was the guy in charge" is the world's oldest way to get rid of responsibility
I would prefer shops/stands that would sell more nutritious food though
I'm not saying your economy is necessarily bad, just that your fiscal policy sucks during times of crisis.
Well, people gotta live somewhere
Similar here :D
I guess [this] [this] [that] and a whole lot of [this] And also the **good** mafia game
Finally there are five other parties struggling to cross the 5% treshold (Christian democrats, anti-immgiration party, liberal-conservatives, mayors and independents, and a new conservative party)
If you don't specify the beans they usually ask whether you like your coffee light/fruity/acidic or sweeter/blacker/stronger, or they choose for you because they know which roast is best for which kind of coffee.
To je smutný. Je mi líto současných teenagerů.
Damn those Swedish words sounds similar to exact English translations
and that's highschool, you have this also during elementary school
I don't know why somebody decided to switch Y and Z - Y is much more common in Czech, so it is better to have in the middle of keyboard
Front: ID number, surname, name/names, date of birth, sex, place of birth, citizenship, date of issue and expiry, holder's signature
Sure
I've made the second trip quite recently, from Prague to Romania (including Buchurest) via car.
So I'm in
It's the responsibility of the younger generations to get over it and look at the past events objectively and without biases
I actually cheer for them even if they play against us
Almost all Czech surnames have a version for women.
We don't have any bases here, but US troops sometimes cross our country on their way to or from the Baltics.
The million-man Women's March last month would be much more violent.
Istanbul one was worried about the situation in Turkey and about where Erdogan takes the country.
Ask Orban for explanation
Yes, that seems about right
Prepare for overcrowded centrum full of under construction streets
There were three defenestration in Prague
I shot few rounds from assault rifle [vz.58 V] when I was in the army.
It might take long, but I hope it will happen one day.
Is it because Slovenia is the most developed country from the Eastern Bloc, but a lot of people still thinks it is a "shithole"? It is the similar to Borat, where every "Kazakh" character actually speaks in different language, but average American viewers cannot tell the difference, because to them it is some "third-world language".
I answered, but it seems that test is more Western Europe oriented and sometimes was hard to select correct option for post-Soviet block countries.
Why do you even comment on this thread
/r/MapsWthoutCZ ?
In Czech it's Smrtonosná past (lethal trap) and people always confuse it with lethal weapon
Oria IT
Whole EU had to go French way producing 75% of electrical energy in nuclear powerplants bulit on the basis of a common strategy and common projects and making up a basic common energetic system.
Avoid Euronet, Moneta and Česká spořitelna ATMs
Seen that but how do you call grilled cheese which is actually grilled   cheese
For the most part you have dealt with it great
"Vote Right Block - Party for the EASY AND FAST REVOCABILITY OF POLITICIANS AND STATE OFFICIALS DIRECTLY FROM CITIZENS, LOW TAXES, BALANCED BUDGET, MINIMIZATION OF BUREAUCRACY, FAIR AND UNCORRUPTED POLICE AND JUSTICE, REFERENDUM AND DIRECT DEMOCRATIC PROGRAM DIRECT Democracy and Deep National, Spiritual and Moral Revival YOU DO NOT BELIEVE POLITICS AND ITS JOURNALISTS
Or will they have to pay the procedure out of their own pocket
> Russian village
I like Germany and although I have not grown up here, I am grateful for the opportunities and benefits living and working here without a doubt gives me.
- Fossil Fuel Industry
\-"How do you say mother-in-law in Polish
Mostly not, people who interact with other nationals - and know either English or German and are therefore mostly of younger generations - don't sweat over it
What about you
Trus in Czech means excrement
* meth
It's an uncomforable topic even when Germans are not involved, so
They have less and less every election
Or so the Party claims)))
Every building is a concrete block, which sometimes don't have the concrete panels connect, causing someones wall to just fall right off
Yes, we learn British English, but the influence of internet, movies and searials is big
Then I heard of some meeting of their presidents and was [pretty baffled
Ta razlika jest baza drugoj značnoj razliky: umětne języky iz definicije sųt iztvorjene s specifičnom cěljem pred očami
Our humour can’t get much darker than that
If it's in any way a bit more formal or business context, always shake hands
I can't identify native speaker of any language including Czech
Not him personally, of course
We did, although not very in-depth, but there was some prehistory, Greece, Rome, then focus shifted to early local history (Great Moravia), then to medieval Czech rulers and their shenanigans, a quick look at world events when America was discovered, Renaissance, 30 yrs war, Habsburgs, French revolution, Napoleon, WW1 and then there was usually not enough time to finish the plan, so we got some lessons on WW2 and that was it, more or less
Also
English only, I have self-preservation instincts and don't want to deal with code commented in Hindi
Looks like the bread toasts we have as well but cut as french fries and served with some sauce?
Or what are the NGOs in Hungary that are Soros-backed?
You can go on about various other reasons, but I think the price is most significant, kids who could afford iPhones and Macbooks in my high school/college would mostly pick them over high-end Android devices (those who didn't study in IT-related fields, anyway)
If a foreign child being born here, the list restriction doesn't apply
Like
The kids know English so they can always use that.
Im pretty happy our constitution mentions freedoms
I just scroll past the news that I don't care about
[France]
I dont see a laptop/phone as a benefit since its usual work tool
Is it good pizza
No, the letters aren't even mentioned
in the former Sudetenland areas, this was further amplified by fearmongering about the deported Germans coming back and "taking your houses"... We didn't have any insight into changes that were going on in the West German and western European societies for 40 years
> What language do you speak
[Relevant gif]
Maybe you, because you can buy an Android which will last for the same amount of time and the price will be on par with an iPhone, but that Android most probably will have better specs
But is it proven that we are actually capable of doing that
Good luck with anxiety handling knowing that your 1000€ bike is secured outside just with a cable lock
It means "small bag" but also can mean "ballsack".
Well, it's one of last 4 countries in Europe I've never visited
Uh, please dont
Džon mejd his vej tu ("a" doesn't have a sound in CZ withnout using special phonetic marks, which I don't know) tavern thrů d dark foryst, ounly tu fajnd aut dat hí forgot d many
Johannes, Wilhelm and Friedrich
Myslím že v Rakousku byl I. a v Česku VI
He was a good finance minister, but unfortunately it was during the Great Recession, and uneducated people like to blame it on him
young people might get fatter.
You can find more information here:
> EDIT: For reference, this is what the bonfire looked like before it was lit
Oh my bad, completely forgot about it
People who undergo such "therapies" are more sucessible to mental health problems and suicides.
Just
But she's probably the only Slovak person I know of who could fool a competent Czech speaker in writing
It is necessary to admit, that even Soviet leaders preferred avoiding it
Does [tvrz/fortified house] count (this one lost the tower)
And humans are the most dangerous of all, killing millions of animals and causing all this pollution and stuff
It means quarter-hand
But if you choose to get both collectible purposes AND self-defence, now, due to the rights that come with self-defence license (concealed carry etc.), you have to get let's say at least 95% correct.
However, China is such a huge market and has investments in just about everything that it doesn't surprise me in the slightest
And most typical
That's always a good thing
I only watch his stuff when I return to Warframe, but he's friendly, informative, to the point and doesn't scream
Most of my reasons are already written in this thread
Politicians often fail in this.
why you always have to be like that?!
Yeah it's basically a costume party where the graduating students make the entire school smell like vinegar and then walk around their town, making a lot of noise and asking people for money
It's like he doesn't get it that people can only take so much
Happy cake day
I’m not kidding nor exaggerating
The country has a very rich history
And educated politicians who want to get their votes.
Of course the blame doesn't really fall on one party but in general I think US and the coallition should have stayed out of it
I have no idea how common those rules actually are, but when I see articles about them online, it's pretty confusing
One cultural difference I didn't expect was him being so staunchly anti-religion (I'm atheist too, but in a more neutral/passive way), despite still being Catholic on paper, and that definitely has to do with French discourse around the laicity principle
On the other hand Czech has more consistency with its prefixes and suffixes
I have almost exactly same benefits as described but I would like to get some money instead
As you said, I buy bottled water when I need it on travels but at home
It was mostly about our history, HRE, Habsburgs and modern age
Jsem na tom stejně
Most experienced and capable people used to be members of the Party and you couldn't just replace so many over night.
That really doesn't matter – all the applicants have to prove is that it has this effect in practice (this is a sort of principle in constitutional law – it doesn't matter what your intentions are, what matters is the effects and whether they are proportional to the aim)
Tell [these guys] Sanda isn't real.
I love the premise, but the lead characters are horribly boring as is their part of the story.
Sounds like something invented by a beautician
I would like to complain a bit
I've commented on similar topic in another thread - so partial copypasta why I think that the boost by President Trump and Brexit will be substantial:
* Ahoj: hello
(he promised a visit but he doesn't show up at all)
I guess it's shit like this that makes Americans say Europe doesn't have freedom of speech
Well, the portions are miniscule compared to the US.
To spis v Brne
EDIT: Before you reply, this is nothing personal, I'm venting out frustration about a really irritating trend that has been sweeping the internet for the last couple of years
> They really do a great job of promoting local commerce
The Bohemia is the only country in the world, where they vote freely for their own king
congratulations for using slowest and most expensive way of public transport in my country
Not so long ago I found this [beautifly bittersweet video] and it makes me sad for what my grandparents and parents had to go through but also happy that we got out if without bloodshed
It solves the problem but that just sounds funny
[they don't know]
I'm from
People who really suffered during the war are mostly empathetic enough not to wish the same evil on others, even Germans
Pennala FIN
The adjective Czech was just accepted as neutral long ago (the Czech republic, Czech langauge,...), but it is technically also identical with the adjective for "Bohemian".
> If Russia wanted to influence Germany by shutting down the Gas supply they could already do that with the other supply lines
It occurs both at birth (Mr
", "2
Vietnamese people are in a bit of a wierd situation here, some Czechs are pretty xenophobic
Just look at the beer tax
The sound of wood cracking in fire
They make some pretty nice stuff though
"Hodit ručník do ringu" - to throw a towel in the (boxing) ring, meaning to give up
"It was late at night - the first of may
Came here to share this, nice to see a fellow man of culture (or at least fan of Waltze's talks)
We even have Prague institute for insulting Brno on Facebook
In Czech, it's called zavináč.
Now if you go to Germany you don’t see practically any difference to the life in the Czech Republic
Exactly - if you are doing shitty job or servicing people, you can have it (few), If you want 1,5x or higher wage than is average, you just cant have it
Basically, their whole program, contact info, thank yous, etc
But also
same plus playing on playground with other kids
Why should Germany care about them?
GDPR is a bit weird when it comes to appreciation by the constituents though
They've got it wrong but the sources claiming so are credible enough that they are unwilling to change it
You read kurwa like kurva anyway, so spell it properly, damnit.
I might just as well struggle anywhere because I'm not at all familiar with respective regional vocabulary
Charlotte De Witte
Commie urban planners had the wonderful idea to run the highway just in front of it, so no luck in this case
The moments my parents saw it, they got 'angry' (as in a joking, but actually offended deep down way) and told me to rewrite it
Well, yes
We just love asses
Not to mentions that the Czech ones are way more extinct than the Slovak ones
Looks that way
I like this comment and yes people are more affected by recent events and turns, also Cold War and communism destroyed a little part of hope, but the way people act is much more similar to Germans than actually to other Slavs
Mule (crossbreed of horse and a donkey)
Ma man
Haha :DDDD in bagina XDD
French is definitely worth knowing as well
Thought greeks are broke, still got almost double on us.
In the last legislative elections 2017  there were 31 parties on the ballot and 9 of them got into the Chamber of Deputies (which is the largest number in the history)
more like "huuuh"
Just dont force mine to do it too
That's simply not true and there's nothing to prove that
Zořena, Žizňava, Hněvka, Hodava, Kvašena, Nětka, Pluhava, Božetěcha, Bratruše, Bratřice, Ctěna, Černice
It's almost a national hobby here.
-Julius Caesar
Leave your home that you were born and grew up in, leave your friends and family behind because of backward laws!
we have to beat them to it with a referendum about the west of the country joining Bavaria
Now, they feel the pain with South Tirol in Italy.
Boils my blood
Well, in here (at least in the younger generation) day drinking is not really a thing
Pullnout, pušnut, uploadovat etc
Yeah, not sure what OP is about here.
Don't forget that a some of the countries were in the ex-Soviet block involuntarily.
If you can't beat em, join em
Is pleasure you meet
It's also the variant of language foreigners will likely learn so if you want to make yourself more comprehensible, you'll speak slowly and switch to Standard Czech
He also declared that he is going to prosecute Hillary.
Czech - Michal Tučný; Tam u nebeských bran
The issue here is serbian attitude towards the EU.
Id say the Hussite Wars tbh
However, China is such a huge market and has investments in just about everything that it doesn't surprise me in the slightest
We already got beer but rum for Moravian's as a gift wouldn't be bad.
here is full [report] for instance, but it's in czech (SRN means Germany, ČR - Czechia, N - there is significant difference, S - no significant difference)
And yet, it still seeks money from the EU
Czech public in general is fairly eurosceptic, but I think this would among the few EU interventions that we would actually appreciate.
More like, why yes
22,5°C is where home is
Should be soon now
That was my point .
Yes, let's legalize it but only for people above 21 years old and with increased punishments for being high while driving
Something like that
(or Blackberry)
Activity vouchers valid in pharmacies, gyms, cinemas, some online shops etc
Yep, they are not great in numbers, but they are part of our society since communism.
I don't know if allying themselves with Assad is possible or if it would even help at this point but they are running out of options
Where did you get that
Written
It was also considered the golden age of the HRE
Slovakia for keeping up with our shit, Luxembourg and Austria for our royal dynasties, Poland and Hungary for the V4 and Charless de Gaulle Eurovision and Jeux sans Frontières
It's hard for me to write this online, but I have ever only heard this expression when you don't close doors "Do you have blacks/negros at home
If the laws are good, EU politicians will pad themselves on the back, not the national politicians
These are [Czech exonyms]
What is this ? Does they update the list daily and showing it in national TV ? That is weird AF
It’s also a really short train ride from Český Kras (beautiful cave system)
Many Slovaks learn czech after settling here but it isn't necessary
Czechia was accepted as an official shorter version a few years ago, since a lot of the countries around us are also republics but have other, more convenient names (e.g. people call it Slovakia and not the Slovak Republic)
Not kidding, they made their own version a while back
They count _partially_, the combination can be treated as [a standalone letter]#Alphabet) with all the mess when you sort items lexicographically.
We used to send our mum down with the towels while we stayed in bed hungover
Btw, our gun laws arent really lenient, theyre just well made and balanced
Complaining, hating everyone else
People, it's a trap
same
See for example [Rwanda] from 2.9 millions people in 1961 to 12 millions now.
It may have nothing to do with her longevity.
Most of the things I have associated with these countries were related to things that popped up on r/watchpeopledie when it was still there lol but other than that no opinion on the people as such
* Semtex (the explosive)
It just sucks to have people like that as your co-workers
One in France, one in Spain and one in America oh yeah and also few ones in Czech Republic
how about mitfára /copilot/? :)
Hopefully
We have fees for owning dogs too (60-80€/year in my district, plus chipping became mandatory this year), but that doesn't seem to affect their popularity at all
You compare extremely mountainous countries with perfect hydro conditions to us, lel
Pilsner Urquell is definitely not 35 euro cents here
People are not as active as they should be.
But people here live in fantasy world
OMG, our world is so tiny O.O
Trailer: [
In other words, you can't cherry pick the best of the federation without giving something in return
and then the rest is a shithole :D It is kind of true, though
Because in the early 90s the US were at first not decided whether enlargement of NATO is a good idea, the decision was made later in the 90s.
I agree with you, and I think that this is a big problem with alcohol in the Czech Republic, it has become so normalized (the same goes for tobacco I would say) and yet the majority of people act like weed is so much worse and say that legalisation would ruin our society
The biggest scout organization is Junák founded in 1912, it also attempts to introduce more civic educational activities into its curriculum that promote being a good citizen, but more based on the scout moral code, conscience and sometimes (depends on the troop) faith that opinions of current governments
Yeah we owned slovakia for a while but then the hungarians moved in so the property value dropped so it wasnt that interesting anymore
Estonia and Switzerland ? Iceland and Finland ? Greece and Moldova ? Northern Spain and Malta ? Crimea and Karelia ? etc etc
But it doesn't say *whom* the president names, nor how quickly does he, nor how quickly the prime minister has to call for the confidence vote
We do have such objective criteria for this around here
Similarly, there's Horní Police in Czechia
Hi, for starters, Vienna is definitely Central Europe.
But regular houses or flats
> Hanged, drawn and quartered
The mistake we've made is we've gotten ahead of ourselves and given the right to vote to everyone *before* educating everyone rather than after
In Czech, that's the standard phrase
Only been to one of them
extreme Trumphobia we see is irrational
It's one of those things that sound way cooler untranslated.
It's a problem of rather newish buildings
In case you don't recall or can't read a few posts up, you stated that our ancestors fighting the Ottomans a couple hundred years ago was somehow a reason to be wary of Muslims.
We are out of options then
I firmly believe that Europe must work towards *eliminating* languages, not multiplying them.
few beers, 5 breads
One of the most Dutch things ever, I bet
Is there any drama if there isn't exact gram precision because it is hard or impossible to make
You most likely meet people with guns every day and just dont realize it
Yeah, I am a Czech and there is so much fucking CZECXIT propaganda
So the only way for Catalans to have a state at this point is to engage into a military conflict with Spain and withstand the consequences -economic *and* political- along with the conflict itself, certainly neither of which will happen
maybe you should visit orphanages in Romania for reality check
And even if somebody lies about his age, tries to enter Germany with counterfeit papers and gets caught: what can, realistically, be done about it?
Probably because some Slavic languages User it as a toast
Jewish guy be lookin' like Franz Kafka, pretty spot on
My grandparents were definitely into it 10 or 15 years ago, but it's been replaced by shady online stores that resell cheap Chinese stuff to people who haven't heard of Wish/AliExpress, MLMs, and stores selling products under the "As seen on TV" label that have kinda become their own thing now
rant rejected, the side dish are not french fries :D
Ah, strange that datas differ in that
And we have lowest unemployment in the EU, with Prague having 2,3 % rate.
Unfortunately there is not much of this actions because nobody going to them.
Eugh
Bro, that is some cold war era shit.
Then I prefer cold milk
I'm curious if you would have defended someone who said that black people have a tendency to be criminals as vigorously as you do now.
Can confirm, I had classes when I was the only Czech in the room
Sure, but why not do both
There are no meanings for the letters
Monarchist scum
They launched strikes on Libya.
* Vietnamese
I always click instantly
No reason to be so negative all the time :)
I love our country, but c'mon
In a aquapark here, there is a Russian Sauna World, is it just a tourist ploy
Epic Sax guy is from there
Later he got German citizenship, lost the Czechoslovak one and collaborated with Hitler to support his brand
In Czech republic Herbert, Bohumil and Ernest
I vaguely remember that when I was around 16, they suddenly tightened the laws around the penalty for letting minors drink and it became extremely difficult to find a place to illegally drink, if you were a minor, so we had to resort to drinking at home
**Pardubice:** horse racing, decorated gingerbread
(people don't eat it on a regular basis but the question has been made famous in the popular Hrabal/Menzel movie
Especially im Europe
"trying to rationalize in your head what separates them from the kids under your roof at home"
Zero risk
No, you see, the ammo depot exploded because of bad manipulation
Average Brno enjoyer
At least once, and mostly by accident
Not mine but my brother was nicknamed "Jája". Because one of the first words he knew was "já" (meaning "I") and he said it a lot
Edit: also, the foreigner thing leads to the second most common surname being Nguyen because it has only one form
Flattery will get you nowhere
Most Czech kids learn cycling before elementary school, typically using auxiliary side wheels
In long term good infrastructure is always good for business as well
17 1989 was held to honor this event and it was used as a platform for the regime critique.
I like it, it just seems logical to me
Well, he claims to be a huge patriot, protector of traditional values and he's very anti-imigration, but at the same time he wasn't even born here
Also remember that dívka means girl in czech And děvka Is a bitch
BuT WiThOuT tHe SoViEtS aLlIeS wOuLd HaVe LoSt ThE wAr !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, I am sure our communist party is against it and they unfortunately still get some votes.
But also
me included
The German/Czech border is basically one giant brothel.
Its actually nice and there are far worse things that were built in past 30 years alone.
The good old kurva belt, also known as V4
"I saw yellow bus
With cats it's more tricky
He himself and his government are one big joke
Is Lidl in your country considered a good market
Czech Republic*
But I can't see it happening for pro-EU protests: people rarely protest *in favor* of something, usually they prefer to protest *against*.
But once I got on, the muscle memory kicked in and I was going somewhat fine
For me, it’s November 17th which marks the beginning of the Velvet Revolution of 1989 when the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia was peacefully overthrown
NET] (sorry for the link, but that is the official name of the party) - Vote for the Right Block - party for REVOCABILITY of politicians, REFERENDUMS and DIRECT democracy (link to their website)
Like Adam and Eva
Or you really have saunas in wooden cabins outside
I heard a rumor that in London (or somewhere else?) is a dedicated day where people from Slovakia and Slovenia embassy meet each other and change wrongly delivered mails
If you do, I choose Athens as my pick as well
What I mean is that you can't apply American Left and Right to Middle/Eastern European countries
Basically, our law is based on the idea that the president won't break the law, or how he personally calls it, "creatively interpret the law".
Because it is
It's really up to everyone what suits them
Teddy Roosevelt
You could for example pick two countries, perhaps one that nowadays has problem with democratic backsliding and one that (seemingly) doesn't and compare the democracy-building developments there.
So [something like this] is happening after all
Why do you think that's the case
hm sliced cheese and salamis are not sold in Danish supermarkets, that's crazy
we're all lucky this forum is for Europeans, otherwise any Chinese would have you all shut up with their "shi shi shi shi shi"...
The catholic side did actually claim that there was nothing below, just stone pavement, and that it was the intercession of the Mother of God that saved them from death
You know how hard it is to get a good electrical engineer or automation engineer these days?
They'll be tired and insufferable
“I recommend to every body who is at least 15 to start smoking cigarettes
Basically everything that left after a pig slaughter: head, skin, offals, off-cuts of meat, and a bit of belly chopped together and mixed with broth, white bread, and spice.
Pistol rounds are mostly too slow to really cause hydrostatic shock
[King Porridge] Long story short, he ate a lot of porridge.
He said: "look for the truth, hear the truth, learn the truth, love the truth, speak the truth, hold to the truth, fight for the truth to your own death"
yes we do, but we still learning how to use them properly in our neighboring Austria
And so what that the capital of your country is popular
Knowledge of Czech communist history 100% required.
Gib clay
Us too with just with Slovak instead of Norwegian
you go Germany, fortunately for us we are on the same side this time
Sheit
I personally have never actually read any book from him but I'd say there is a decent awarness of him in Czechia.
Good Friday is pretty new
And now in uni, I carry one notebook where I occasionally write something but other than that, nothing since everything is online these days
Find their subreddits, but they split in various sects who mutually fight  and it is really not easy not write something what would cause immediate ban
It’s true that we were expelled from Czechoslovakia, but some of us returned, even though in much smaller numbers
Me, abstinent Czech person who doesn't like the taste of beer, wine or any other alcohol really
And for other Czechs who live outside of Prague
* por qué? == why
The only difference between communism and other ideas is that other ideas didn't lead to 100+ million corpses and devastation of dozens of countries
Talks about it being unsafe sometime sounds like propaganda from our side
Basically their business model was to take advantage of the fact that these poor old people were lonely and also confused about financial matters, so it was easy to influence them.
Holka modrooká nesedávej u potoka,
I think OMON are similar to GSG9
And although police training with firearms generally isnt that great, theyre still trained people
Though illegal, very popular among youth and polarizing among everyone else
It's just, there are things that remind you of the war and siege of Sarajevo literally on every street
The couple can both keep their original surnames
Borrowed from Polish and used without regard for actual Czech word rules
RIP
Historically he comes from Asia Minor of course
What resides in though, is worse
Vieana was center of empire, the most  prestigious school was there
It is and isn't date at the same date
But what will be his next steps after no deal brexit
The former can exist without the latter and usually when people are annoyed at a religion, they are annoyed at actions of corrupt or politically motivated church body that often doesn't even reflect the belief system itself
Ask any kid or teenager if they watch regular TV stations
Ridiculous, how come Hungary is closer and closer to the Russia crazy levels?
If you have two names you have an obligation to use both when communicating with authorities
EU brings you freedom to move around it’s countries
People are wondering why some want to leave EU and this law made me wonder if I still want to be part of it
Corruption is a problem in many EU countries, incl.
There is a fixed budget of around € 8,600 and the parents can choose to take it 2 to 4 years
So basically once in several years to once a year.
I thought that it was a series of hacking attacks and then the stolen e-mails were handed over to wikileaks.
Mít vlastní zemičku je krásné.
>  tradition of fookdancing
I subscribed to /r/atheism expecting to read some weird shit from Saudi Arabia and other fundamentalist countries where non believing can bring you serious issues but instead I have really weird shit from the US like 'family is no longer talk to me, I was kicked out of job etc'
I believe most of the world uses only water
He was like "so we would like to ditch the freedom of movement, but we still want to stay in the single market" and when he was asked why we should want that, he said that we'll be able to sell beer and skodas in the UK.
Considering the level of English we see here, I think it's second nature to a lot of us anyway
Czechs are doing their part while rest of Europe is slacking off
They're ultra-leftist in their treatment of problems stemming from excessive migration.
Our language has a letter "Ř" ([r̝]) which is pretty unique to our country, not even slovakian, a language most similar to ours, has it
I kinda struggle with the mentality that since I know English, most other languages are completely useless to me.
What's something you thought was unique to your country/region, but then found out it's not?
That could be a good start, hopefully it's not just words
Great summary
Probably not to the same extent as Czech and US politics (which is like the best TV show ever) but yeah, I'm intersted
If it was Friday or any other day during the work week, most people wouldnt have to go to work, schools would be closed, all that stuff
Would be cool to get back there i guess :)
Those same people don't give a shit about privacy then.
Oh no, what would Vladimir/ Donald/XiXi do without visiting our lovely dumpster-fire
Im Czech, so every single one, including and maybe especially the Czech Republic
Wolf = getting a skin rash from wearing wet trousers/pants
"Máj juropijn drým das not inklut d stejk in d centr of juropijn komišn vič luks lajk e bablbam end tejsts lajk e bablbam"
So I always wanted to say Slovensko, logically, as Slovenia at first
Tree in your ass
Let this be a reminder that Communism is never good in any capacity
But it's common in other parts of the world too
In case you really need to convey the idea of *this* object, you use a demonstrative pronoun
It feels more practical than English, often has shorter sentences, less (though longer) words and it's my native language afterall
But if you are drinking beer guests are free to get a new one how they wish
It's great fun but really hard sometimes
Yeah, the old chroniclers had to take the names from somewhere and since Poland was the closest independend slavic country, it could explain the names
Next economic crisis, which are some people trying purposefully start, will decide
specific purposes of quotation, criticism, review, caricature, parody or pastiche
Meaning if you don't get it, the burden of proof why not is on the administration and they are not free to deny you without grounds
I've seen several articles on this already on idnes.
Those are rookie numbers, you gotta pump those numbers up
You have regular news reports in summer and autumn about the state of forests and humidity, record finds, favourite spots
It doesn't matter he isn't the president yet, he's already influencing the way USA is heading.
in the end the robber attacked their evidence
To me Polish sounds as if someone tried to speak Czech but had a very strong speech defect.
and don't forgot that "End is near" because 20 refugees CAN be placed here.
What's slovakia doing there
If any city of Central Europe should be depicted in this LotR-style map, it should be Prague
That would be silly
But those aren't filled
EDIT: Apparently biased on purpose
It sucks just as much
Seriously, given that a slovene posts this, it really might be Slovene.
And everything is shall issue, including the carry licence
I’d suggest česnečka to start with, then svíčková if you like creamy sauces, or, my favourite, roast duck and fruit knedlíky for dessert
I actually study at the CU (or UK, as in Univerzita Karlova)
About the commies I mean
Our entrance has been barricaded with bricks a long time ago
And since there is a lot of villages around, pretty big house in one of them, there are offers for half the price for multi floor house with land
All
What's also appaling is that he seemed to have said to the Greek authorities that he was 17, then 3 years later, he told the same exact age to the German authorities.
Moravians
Honestly all follicles grow at a different pace
Because the law doesn't include any provisions how to unname a chancellor
Their appeal is to less educated and older voters
Later he got German citizenship, lost the Czechoslovak one and collaborated with Hitler to support his brand
Just a little wide
It is a turn
Well, what else was I even expecting
German is common second foreign language option (after mandatory English), but reality is that most people just never learn it to a sufficient level and then also never use it
All I know is that they arrested a close person to the opposition candidate and that she is hiding somewhere, that they minimalised public transport, so people can’t protest, they’re arresting people, and that around 40 % voted before the election date
If you want to be correct, you need to check it with German law and policy, not EU.
Why is it that neonazis always look like an animate sack of potatoes
The only one I know about, that's why I wrote "and even in".
"The Czech Republic" is still a correct long name just as "the French Republic" is as correct as "France".
What
zkontrolujte si lístky a nasedat!
there are Czech versions of everything online - Czech mail site, Czech Google-like site, Czech news sites, Czech pirate sites, Czech image sharing sites...
"Don't threaten me with good time"
what would be your general thoughts on around 600k indian and african immigrints coming and staying/ living in Czech or central/ eastern europe?
and taking in Czechoslovak immigrants
Hell all the America that isn't US or Canada.
and some archaic kind of lada and that weird hat I don't mean uschanka you know what I mean
I am in if we get Arnold Schwarzernegger to return to his drowning homeland, shooting the water with a giant automatic from a helicopter and shouting at the drowning Austrians "Get to the choppa
Just a normal weeked in the Early Medieval period.
We have our own traditional movies, like russian [Mrazík] but more importantly two czech christmas classics, [Tři oříšky pro Popelku] and [Pelíšky]
We wanted to walk him for as long as possible but our latest bus left at 7:32 and it was a close call
You can't have people without identity all over the place and feel safe
Well I very much hope they fail in destroying the foundation of our society (sexual equality) and either get the fuck out of Switzerland or drop their religious bullshit.
There is the Green party which I really don't agree with (and I hate that young Stropnický guy), then there are the Pirates (arrr) and Svobodní - both of which I don't find appealing.
Ever seen Pilsen on winter morning
Večerní máj – byl lásky čas
I wish someone had told me that Belgian beer is typically A LOT stronger than ours.
Yes
Blame whoever came up with Benelux
Slovakia: Walking in old mines that looked almost like Moria
slušnočeši
None of them worked and all of them caused terror and deaths of many innocent people
Also - going where even the king has to walk
*Jelito* has got groats and blood inside on top of that.
If you print it using some known 3D technology, you can call it 4D present :)
There is no fair comparison between Communist Czechoslovakia and today's America
Constitutional lawyers are saying it will not help, though
And don't take this as me saying irish gaelic sounds bad or something, both dialects are very magical
It’s just like the cities I used to read about in Verne novels
I approve of temperatures like this
This line of reasoning is dangerous, because there is a thin line between a "fascist" and a "person I highly disagree with".
Germany will never let what happened during a WW2 happen and that means not helping an ally.
It is basically a streetfood lot of people want's here
I am not sure
Then the UK instantly turns around and pulls Brexit on them
we can just watch our politics, it's comedy for itself
It's not that weird, the EU also has weighted votes,
Amen
Russia (Pan-Slavism, USSR)
I used to dread Easter because of it
I live near Prague my whole life, so I am used to it, and without snow and low temperatures, Christmas seems boring:D
It happens pretty regularly that I first recall a word in English and only then in Czech
For all practical purposes, aglomeration might outgrow the national border
> Czechoslovenia
I’d like to give you a piece of advice but I never learnt Czech as a foreigner ofc
But yeah, people (especially the ones living in Bohemia) make fun of them
Padva IT
True, occasionaly someone (usually a friend or a relative) enters the house itself uninvited when looking for one of us (like if they are not sure that the doorbell works) but they usually just open the door into the entry hall, shouting "is anybody home
It really depends on where you are
Plinse comes from Sorbian blinc
The leader of the communist party Filip
Greece as "good results"? That is news to me
"They will fart my dick" is my new favourite phrase
Not long ago, there was a case where the attacker was choking a guy on the ground, the defender shot him once and killed him
Is it true that not all of the bombs have been found and retrieved
the music is very well known here as this song is a quite "popular" remake of the original hungarian one
Some do because it's more money efficient for them and good for them.
(thousands going there, plan to do a tunnel and shit like that)
I thought I have perfect command of the language
Eating on Christmas day, you're not supposed to eat anything before the Christmas dinner (so that you can see the Golden piggy
Yes, definitely
Bordel, co
The verb thus takes the meaning "I name myself". As Czech is pro-drop, there's no pronoun "I" in the sentence
Also there is nothing like bad publicity.
It is sad that truth is not appropriate for a national politician.
Czechoslovakia stands strong
Though if you want to talk about more "big big crimes" lets exactly talk about why the 1949 West German constitution looks as it does and especially why the German coursts abolished the German Communist party: Lets talk about the other coups the Soviet Backed Communist party tried to enact in 1948 in Germany, or 1953 that let to its ban whose reasoning was exactly upheld by the Court of Human Rights on the basis of the Communist party's extreme hostility to freedom of speech, democracy through its support and propagation of totalitarianism
Lol, then why am I seeing tons of companies here in Czech Republic trying to compete for engineers?
We actually had that too, in grade 4
Of course I would like them to stay because I don't want EU to get fragmented and I'm afraid of a chain reaction.
Gun ownership in the US is much much higher
Hitler attacked USSR later on to wipe out Bolsheviks
Well, thanks to you I have a new city on my bucket list
One of the few things we can be proud of - we're one of the most atheistic countries in the world
Im from czechia !
Probably Rožnov pod Radhoštěm, Velké Losiny or Písek [*literally translates to sand*]
o shit waddup
We couldn't fight 1938 Germany even now with our pandurs and gripens
Of course, he's a human, not a saint, but still, I don't think he could be classified as "evil".
And the "Czech Silesia" grew thanks to coal mining and heavy industry (the area around Ostrava)
And probably many others
Mainland Europe just parties harder
So lockdown not only killed our economy but also just moved the coronavirus to the winter when it will be even more deadly combined with the flu season
But the taste is lagging behind Pepi
National politicians like to blame EU for their own failures and incompetence.
If Sweden invade Poland again then Poland can into Nordic.
Great, they only cause problems.
In that sense, Brexit felt like a more serious matter
Not that severe, but he will be Putin's puppet on other matters.
Well, you kind of should have expected that once you suggested Hungary becoming a slovak sea resort
Up until then, photos and a thousand of different cathedrals in Europe will suffice I believe
all of the old Prague centre
Sandwiches aren't big thing here in Czechia
Usually orange in my experience
It's screwed/I'm screwed - To je v prdeli/Já jsem v prdeli - It's in ass/I'm in ass
Except the insanely bad google translate level translations
It's a pretty set stereotype at this point
Indeed
Russia and China can use millions of hackers with english.
It doesn't make sense here, as basically everything is pronounced the way it is written
And what is the most sensible thing a newborn country can do
Never been to one though
How do you measure that
I didn't know it is possible but they have even more strays than Greece
:-D
And he is a christian himself, and anti-communist, so he is not very happy about it
That looks like foto on Christmas cards
Any chinese people feel free to answer this one
Loads of Slovaks study and then work in Czech Rep so a lot of them have moved here or maybe to Bratislava
Two young kids needing schools and Im not always guaranteed home office although I had it a lot even before Covid
I feel those fanatically anti-German oldtimers are mostly former Commie apparatchiks or people whose conscience about the post-war events isn't entirely clean
Source: Wikipedia
V4 came so far, only to be more than ready to go back
Maria Ladenburger trial: Teen Afghan immigrant confesses to killing 19-year-old daugher of EU offical who was raped and drowned
I tried to google the origin of the name, but didnt really find anything, but I assume it's after 'praotec (grandfader basically) čech'. He's the legendary founder of our lands basically
My guess is the period of the sexual revolution in late 60s-early 70s.
His Czech was funny, but understandable enough.
In Czech, we use "žárlivost" for "jealousy" and "závist" for "envy". You could use the former when talking about something non-romantic, but not the other way around
It gets progressively uglier towards the city’s periphery
> The only time a state voluntarily and democratically self destructed
Damn that was painful to watch.
You can give your child any existing name, either Czech or foreign
However, yes, the confusion actually starts from two negatives onwards when the context is logic, although when there are only two negatives it's usually made clear by emphasis that the concord isn't used, that's why I initially wrote 3 or more
Nevertheless, I've long moved past caring about it and use it regularly as it is more practical and at this point it's really pointless to oppose it
com] (both webs use the same map [made by the same guy/company])
It's not like they are children
From what I know about asians, Spanish rice has no chance there.
It is impossible in Prague
Edit: Being born into a family of my ancestors, I would probably become a farmer, miner or mill owner, but the aforementioned career would still be possible as there was some vertical social mobility
You can always say excatly when you crossed the border because of them
Making fun of pasty people's paperwhite legs is so early 2000s...
Almost all articles about history are pretty garbage from my experience
It's not that hard to pronounce, but reading that clusterfuck it different story ...
Reddit keeps going on about predators but I don't get it
Otherwise, talking about the old wars, paradoxically, makes me feel hopeful about today, because if people from two countries that used to be at war can now sit together and drink beer, then something must be going well
^^^^^/s
Yeah
You do realize that pepper sprays are not exactly ideal for closed spaces, right
hot - 25+
You just abused periods quite a lot
I knew it must exist outside as well, but had no idea how to find what it's call in english
We have legally circa 35.000 Russian immigrants in Czechia, most of them came within last 10 years.
And yes, the whole retribution that some Czechs took against Germans after WW2 was never properly investigated let alone punished
Though I realize I might be in a minority
Even the part of a drunkard is better played sober
:( im sorry
Sweatpants, I never wear that outside (only when I'm in my parents village house), ugly, hole-y or just too worn t-shirts and old hoodies from the teenage era I wore hoodies (before I gathered enough confidence for more elegant, feminine clothes I actually liked more)
Taking in refugees is mandatory according to international law.
Imagine a dish called "nervous köfte".
About the resistance at the shore
Ah ok sorry
But when It comes to Ice hockey people usually paint them on their face and also wear scarfs with czech flag
>before modern Slovakia popped out, we had the most friendly relations with Slovaks and Sorbs
Well I don't have cable, but terrestrial broadcast.
I've never had a cultural shock when travelling in the EU or meeting people from European countries who come here
shut the up prazak
Yeah, but Czechia has better
Right now it is 24 °C, which is actually nice
Does it still have some military value?
Here a grilled cheese is a grilled cheese and having some sandwich instead would cause some "excuse me
I'm sure there are plenty subjects in school I would normally really enjoy, but the environment and the fact that it's forced takes away the joy in it and makes it kind of annoying
We speak a Slavic language but since we were a part of HRE and the Habsburg monarchy, we are culturally and historically closer to Austrians and Germans than to Russians or, say, Bulgarians.
1- Germany, can't tell how long, half of the family from father side is living in Germany means lot of visits and holidays there since times I can't even remember as toddler + around 4 years working for companies requiring business trips to Germany from time to time.
Nothing is for free, we just pay it with our taxes
But apparently before it also had the meaning of making unintelligible noises, not being understood.
We call it „světadíl“ also means „world part“.
Do you believe your countries will survive as European states in the following century?
In that case he wouldn't become a leader of the Party's reform wing
*Nauč se česky, paznehte
We had either 3 or 4 classes a week for the test of primary school
What do people think there about all of this occupation
In the years after the war, the communists made a coalition with the christian party, joining hands with Catholics and presented their own version of state religion
Czech unemployment rate is 3,5% and it is lower than "full employment rate" of circa 4% that would be othervise normal in our country.
Because they assumed, she would assume that there is something between us, because surely when a young woman meet a young man, there must be some hidden romantical interest (or that's what they thought)
I also have Slovak teachers for some of my classes even though I technically study in Czech language only
". The pronunciation is very similar to fuck you
I cannot imagine a Czech or Slovak would find this appealing :-)
It's often *highly* biased and opinionated, very few or old sources and sometimes you see these sections which are obviously just copied from some dusty history book because they are written in an antiquated language
Meal vouchers
what exactly was stolen from you by corporations?
1st president and of the what we can call founding Fathers (They called themselves Maffia)
Yeah, there is one or two in every country, that said, they generally dont last long
It kind of reminds me of the "Hyphen War" (a very serious debate over the spelling of Czechoslovakia vs
That would be same in Czech: _Novákova_ and _Novákův_.
We have a phrase: "to be drunk as a Dane"...
As we say: "je (to) výjimka tvořící pravidlo"
I am at _The Urquell_ and taste a lot of brands of various types (IPA, APA, stout you name it^[1] ^[2] ^[3] ) and of course classic brands.
Slovaks for example have months named normally
It was August, by the way
Czech scout here
in a short: it is not so stupid as it is in US
10\^6 = milion
No, locals don't normally eat these and it's not even Czech, but Hungarian
4) The state will get huge profits from taxes and destroy source of income for crime organizations in one hit
Slovak feels like a german autobahn opposed to a field road czech
Depends
do you live in Poland or why are you speaking up
"Debility" :) is that even english word?
The written English grammar is also much simpler than the Czech one
But this map suggests that in the south, people don't even have a high (=secondary in European context) school completed and most have only primary education
Individually, probably the odd bear that wanders in from Slovakia, but I don't think there have been any deaths or injuries from bear attacks for decades
From what I'm reading, many people mistake 19
Granted, it was super stupid (we were probably 15) and inappropriate, but certainly not worthy of a beating
Also, everybody in Brno speaks "hantec" (a local slang with German roots, popularized by some actors and local partiots)
This should be definitely more talked about
>  in every communist country in history
>Of course Germany is culturally closer to Romania than Denmark
Such actions like Palach, riots related to hockey or demonstrations in August 1969 could help nothing
You are working lowest manual job available
Until "millenials" become thing on the internet, I had no idea generations are named or anything
Ask your judicial system if you experience voter intimidation, broken treaties, anal bleeding, or sudden loss of rights
If even then you don't see a chance, I say go clean shaven
Iraq was enemies with Iran, why would we want to invade Iraq over false pretenses when we can let them go at each other?
It does for any west Slavic country
During high school and uni, I studies Russian and Spanish
So please preach to our brothers in Brussels.
It takes time and patience, but it pays back greatly.
I’ll have you know my region is actually the most developed region in Europe, and I’ve been involved in numerous region developement projects, and we have over 300 world-famous tourist attractions
Is there a better way to handle this?
Kazakhstan greatest country in the world all other countrys are run by little girls.
Absolutely not
Lmao over our dead bodies
No, I don't think we will
When you speak Moravian Czech, people think that you're some peasant
He screamed "Allahu Akbar". Truly such a religion of peace
Masaryk himself was Czech
Our currency literally means "crown".
As I've said, get off your high horse and stop defending your half-assedly planned city centre by shouting "YOU'RE JUST TOO STUPID TO UNDERSTAND BIKELANES" at everyone
Central Europe
Also his office is weaker than Orbans, because he doesnt have a major party behind him, so nobody abroad cares.
yes, I am not really into changing wallpapers :)
If we say: okay, use this damn game mechanic but admit it's a gambling and behave accordingly, there's a better chance the companies will abide to the laws, will make players register their IDs, pay proper gambling taxes from each microtransaction and whatever else online gambling laws require
They won't initiate any open conflict, unless they see no other way.
It's a thing I've heard they have in the Netherlands
Why does Hungary has the same state as Slovakia
Come on I think that carp tastes really good
Helsinki development is insane
Yeah, couldn't look out the windows because it was blocked by snow
Good point
Cream is a basic ingredient of many sauces.
It sort of mimics the same dispute about the short name in Czech, *Česko*.
oh I almost forgot that this word even exists
you just assumed he has got brain in the first place
It looks like you need to save 50% of your income or you just live above your means
I unfortunately can't tell you where it is, because I still live there
Czechoslovakia was in the eastern bloc, so basically softly ruled from Moscow
10\^15 = biliarda
This is what
* **Southern Bohemia:** Somewhat poetic land of level-headed and hard-headed farmers
Medžu umětnymi i prirodnymi językami sųt někoje važne razliky
That includes attempted murders too, however
Socks in sandals are part of our identity
I prefer cats
That sounds exactly like when foreigners try to pronouce "Paříž".
+ othe public holidays free days make up to 30 +-.
And now they claim the EU doesn't serve British interests
You do realize few if any products are fully made within a single country these days?
I've just imagined Cruchot and a nun riding it
If I think about it I can only say [I Have No Strong Feelings One Way or the Other]
should wrote +5 (up to +10) above legal minimum
The exchange rate and fees are terrible
That's not true
Sauerkraut is indeed very popular here, both red and white cabbage, both mild and strong one
[New prime minister kissing his PR head-of-staff after election results were announced]
The Germans are starting something again
Not on my part anyway
I do honestly believe that, my fellow european
Same with Word formatting etc
Icelandic is not Old Norse, you can find youtube videos with parallel fragments from sagas, there are both phonetic and grammatical changes
That's the first time I hear about this concept
Aw, glad to hear
Maybe it's not because they are Asians, but because they are locals
I have the same memories about 700s series Karosa buses except the four part door
I wonder why we should be emos...
I was obviously not talking about languages
In Polish--road
Fortunately, nobody wants to go into coalition with them, because that would be a political suicide.
In Czechia (and I would expect that in other slavic languages as well) we have the same problem
I really like the german cities' names
Partly because I randomly met another Czech whovian in the middle of London
Many, even the most classics of classics, like Cinderella's sisters choping chunks of their feets off, Red Riding Hood and grandma being actually eaten and cut out of wolf's belly, evil queen put into hot iron shoes, Jeníček a Mařenka who put the evil witch in burning oven
These deals are done in plain sight for all to see.
Some of our teachers were fervently religious and assumed we were, too, so they had as memorize lines from the Bible and tried to force their opinions on us (stuff like "Slayer denies God's creation and should be banned" - made me wear a Slayer t-shirt, even though I'm not a huge fan of theirs), but the good ones had interesting discussions with us
Also, everybody votes for communists and neonazis
As a side note, in his speech vowel quantity and stress are *distinct properties*. But the only long vowel is /o/.
The same is with alcohol, drugs
During summer mosquitoes can be a bit of a harassment, but since it's been a very, very dry summer I only got bit a couple of times.
Cute little underrated countries
Also in a recent scandal a Prague city councilwoman was found to have made porn videos when she was younger
So far only 8 victims were officially identified.
Don't know whether it's a cultural or generational gap, but my parents never called me otherwise than by name
Just looking at our neighbors Slovak and Polish anthems have imo much nicer and more fitting melodies for an anthem
There is a fixed budget of around € 8,600 and the parents can choose to take it 2 to 4 years
Rats and mice
If Iraq government asks USA to withdraw their soldiers from Iraq will USA obey
Fuck harsh winters, Mediterranean temperatures are the best
Permanent residence requires a language test:
If you asked them if they will stay 100% they will also say no.
There was also a controversy over calling potato/sugarbeet alcohol with rum aroma "rum", and a lower-fat spread "pomazánkové máslo", but both of these have been resolved, though some folks are still a bit butthurt over it
I am proud of him
Now listen, these cities are both good looking in certain parts of the city, but there are so many ugly parts in those cities, that it almost outbalances the good parts
I am proud of him
Minimum wage is just ban of work and you have to be on welfare if you want to live
Lock them up somewhere down in Africa, ideally.
For some reason Scottish English sounded to me like pirate speech too, but then again, I am no accent expert, I just find them interesting
Like when I hear it, I can recognize it
They probably like wasting money on being 'different'.
I was thinking one and type the other.
Fortunately, some czech names were rejected: lithium(Li)-japík, beryllium(Be)-sladík, bor(B)-bledník, fluor(F)-kazík, fosfor(P)-kostík, chlor(Cl)-solík, titan(Ti)-chasoník, chrom(Cr)-barvík, kobalt(Co)-ďasík, nikl(Ni)-broník, arsen(As)-otrušík, selen(Se)-švábel, brom(Br)-brudík, tellur(Te)-župel, jod(I)-řasík, wolfram(W)-chvořík, osmium(Os)-voník or uran(U)-nebesník
I didn't know there are so many differences between Czech and Slovak regarding usage of the colloquial language
Really didn't expect him to say this.
That's exactly what negative concord is and once you know it's idempotent, it's not confusing, provided the context is casual
Legally you can have second name
There have been a couple cases lately, a gunshop owner killing a guy with a .44 mag when he knifed one of her workers in the neck (he was lucky and survived) comes to mind
I would say less of ,,trying-to-climb-up-eastern-ass" policy of Poland
Thank you for introducing me to sporcle.
Perhaps I am wrong and real Jesus's teaching is to mooch enough money so you can afford jet, nice house, ...
It's okay, I feel like it's not as rich as Czech language but that's probably why it's easier to learn for a non-native speaker
English is a lingua franca of this era
Well, if one can afford a decent life with a low salary, then it's just the country getting poorer, rather than the middle class disappearing, no
I mean, Czech and Austrian cuisine are probably very similar
The organisation is trying to get people to be more active and do their part to keep the democratic principles going and helping the democracy to get better
Limited range of products in shops - there was always at least basic food to buy, but if you wanted some better - let's say better meat cut, you had to have "friend" in the shop and he hid it for you "under the counter" - at various times there were various scarce products - sometimes nails, or car parts or plumbing seals or hammers etc
And no, his dynasty was not German, but French speaking, and he himself spent his childhood in the French court, so I don't see much reason to regard him as a German
Sadly, none
Orewa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo - I like penis in Japanese
-Kosača studios (strategy gaming)
If you shoot or stab someone by accident, youve done something very, very wrong
We have a town called Aš. It is the shortest name in the Czech Republic, I think
Well yes, but if they planned to liberate Prague, they would deffinetely take more troops
I would like to learn at least few more
However, I don’t think they’re that unreasonable - e.g. Yes, **large** content providers shall do filtering - but of the kind that is appropriate and reasonable to their technical and organizational means
Which is almost everyone
Do you think there's any hope that Kaczynski will eventually lose his influence over the party?
The problem with missing is, you don't a have reliable way to differentiate between unidentified(both dead and wounded), lost, deserted and captured
Unlike most national anthems It's not about wars and fights, but It's a song about loving our country
Maybe we can start with the train operators from different countries working together more closely with each other, work on synchronizing timetables, creating new, interesting connections and maybe even introduce lower fares on international journeys
Also really pretty
> Bulgarian Republic
just because
Would it even be fun without helping to start/starting war and then changing side to the attacked countries
Maybe if you need to pull some dental fillings.
The only thing he succeeded in was to allow Bolshevism to be expanded in Europe
Later, it gained a nationalistic sentiment and to show how nifty and cunning we are, Czechs started visiting those pubs at large mocking the Hapsburg regulations for its ineffectivity.
Because Czechs might have a negative opinion about some of your traits or looks, but it generally doesn't change the way they treat you
Codex Gigas is the most valuable book created in Bohemia (Czechia)
There were wars between similar ethnic groups and one of the main differences was religion (catholic croats vs orthodox serbs vs muslim bosniaks).
Under 5 minutes it can be in negatives (but above -10 degrees), over 10 minutes above +10 degrees and over 30 minutes above 15 degrees
Also traffic would be fun, and a subway you can use
I didn't say anything contrary to that.
However the big difference is that we essentialy have to run the trade surplus, we have no other choice, cause if we didn't, the current account of our balance payment would be in a massive deficit, which is caused by the huge flow of dividents from our country to abroad.
They want to make it constitutional law so that when EU comes down with gun regulations they will not over rule our gun laws (relatively lax, without gun violence problems).
Potato
And we have the most succesfull post-communist economy, so the situation is even worse elsewhere.
When we Czechs surely are at least low level racist, jumping to racism because girls were cold to you in bar is hilarious in its megalomania
It is very much in our interest to do so.
it is not so long you had alcohol sell till 23 or what was that hour and I seen some shops with alcohol shelf locked during night period.
Well it's mostly due to our efforts
“ is pronounced „Jagje
There might be a random check but I'd say it's pretty unlikely.
Omg, will they survive 5 min on the fresh air?
Bohemia/Czechoslovakia had a "National Socialist" party that was generally speaking a fairly progressive democratic centre-left party, in a cohort with the Social Democrats during the Interwar period after the communist wing split off in the 1920s.
haven't heard of it, then again Biblical stories are not as big here as they are in the USA.
Mind your own business
For example, some countries are female some male and some neutral
Hungary is pretty fucked up
Yeah, 40 years under communist regime erase those 600 years being literally Germany or Austria
And still, "only" 70 000 of people attended those protests out of 2 000 000 people in Minsk
There's was also a reasonable amount of French and Italian media content because those countries were considered friendly (big commie presence)
... badly, as it's "einen Apfel" (accusative here)
And just to be clear - yes, this is generalizing, not everyone is like this
Czech
It still a thing
Is Slovakia pictured badly in Austria
I hate this fact as well
The situation is also getting better and the younger generation is much more open towards different cultures and ethnicities
Users should be allowed to upload and make available content generated by users for the specific purposes of quotation, criticism, review, caricature, parody or pastiche
We do
Can't speak for Germans, but given we drink the most beer per capita, we can trow Czechs into the mix
Andrej Babiš invites Slovaks to Czechia
Wait, what does this have to do with /r/europe?
Good food
10\^9 = miliarda
I stopped taking them at thursday and started again at saturday
" Máš doma černý?
The price is 650€. Honestly i didn't expect such a difference
And we still expanding and upgrading them.
I also still strugle a little bitt with the r sound, because I just keep rolling my r's
It does for any west Slavic country
I like Prague too even though I'm from Brno but the hatred towards the capital is definitely true for most parts of the country
No, the other one (which is first in alphabet) :) we had similar plans but it was mainly for technical positions.
Most Czechs would never dream about independence before start of WWI.
Perhaps in Switzerland you could find some Germans, but not here, we are totally German-free.
They keep asking me in shops to this day
That he will slowly lift sanctions and show a good faith towards Russia and ask them nicely not to hack US again.
I never heard this version of the legend
We had saying: "If everything belongs to everyone, then nobody has anything
Eeey hehe that sounds very familiar  what do they make it out of
Wouldn't it be lethal trap
We have 90 empty beds ready with lung ventilations
Otherwise it depends on your area/social group to some extent, the South East part of the country and some rural areas are more religious (Catholic), in other regions (like in the North where I grew up), being a practicing believer of any kind makes you a very small minority
Scottish and Welsh governments can have a say in the decision regarding Brexit - BBC
I know a guy who cut off two of his fingers because he wasnt careful
It’s all about that 5% discipline we get from the 3rd national idea
Most of guys also consider it weird when girls use it among themselves
If only we could have a sane, logical, centrist government that completely ignored the extremist 5% from both sides of the spectrum...
Yeah, and thats all you really need along with some physical strength
Well you were sent into hills also to mine, sooo, you are our version of dwarves.
Even in the the 80s it was clear that the future is in CNC machines, at least on industrial level
Ethnicity and language matters a hell of a lot more than geography
Where would be the division line?
At least there are options in male names
whatever he said right there
Hey Norway, nice bulge
The EU could be better off if they just focused on their original purpose, economic freedom within EU and free movement of its citizens(ofc with secured external borders).Stop pushing multicultural utopia, stop attempting to take our guns, reduce bureaucracy and we are OK.
Hopefully the Slovenes realized how jammed are their villages on the slow roads to Croatia and changed this policy
There was even a political post in r/idiotsincars
We've got a same experssion for Sorbs and Serbs (*Srbové*).
It would also mean that France would have to pick a lot of the responsibility as the strongest military
* *Mám na háku*, lit
They become prime minister
If you have time, it's not that bad of a reading:[
As a kid I idealized the US, but the more I learned about actual life of average Americans (not the filthy rich individuals shown in Hollywood movies/TV soaps), the less appealing it sounded
In general, it's not an offense to use/don't use "Czechia" for us
Oh, and don't forget that the Greens are against nuclear power - our best source of energy.
I have almost gotten hit 3 times while crossing the street because cyclists didn't yield for me when crossing, and mind you this was after I checked both ways 5 times since I have seen people crossing before me also nearly get hit
Progressive Shangri-La of cultured betters who've long known that racism, sexism, and homophobia are bad, m'okay, and are living in the atmosphere of enthusiastic acceptance
**Left-wing** - **Social Democrats** and the **Communists** are the most traditionally left wing parties
In czech they can be both called 'drak', but a kite is often called 'papírový drak' (paper dragon)
Don't see why some programmers or even doctors should have problem - I personally know one doctor with piercings on face and sleeve tattoos (tatoos covering whole hand)
Definitely wouldn't connect it with our "Chorvatsko".
While in english: "F" is for friends who do stuff together, "U" is for you and me
You're right, I still think the data for Czech Republic is wrong as my experience with people living outside of Prague is, that they are barely able to pay bills and have any money to spare
I took a bike ride from Liberec to the Baltic sea following the German-Polish border, or more like the Oder and Nisa rivers
Most used bus in Prague has capacity of 160 people and rush hours on busy lines will explain you this number is just theoretical number from designers office without actually trying how many people can fit in
We have thrown people out of a window as a political statement
And because you invested, you get more benefits (e.g.
About E.T. - Eliot in the movie had [this speaking toy] \- until the fall of communism I was sure it's just sci-fi prop, because digital children toy which is able to speak what is typed on keyboard was something so advanced to me that it never occurred to me that it was something that could be bought in a normal shop
Pretty abysmal but not all that surprising #AgentBureš
* Jan Hus
That’s not so bad, but let’s look at France’s high speed trains
In the 90's some artist painted an old tank pink, then the city painted it back to normal, than some representatives from parliament painted the tank back to pink (but they had immunity so nothing could be done about it)
When hearing these languages it feels oddly familiar - as if they spoke Czech but in the end they use completely different words
People act like NATO is dead, blah blah.
Northern Hungary
People will think you belong to some kind of subculture and might treat you as such
There is 80cm of snow
That's bullshit
It's just a system for encoding thought patterns and as such it can easily be recorded in it's entirety.
Czech Rep
Never really had that argument as we always make both and I hate eating ~~mud~~ *carp*.
Otherwise festival imho should be atempt of portraing Signal festival
Make sure to vote out these clowns from whatever government positions they hold in your country.
Must be a fellow Czech
Majority of the people did not vote for him
I'm not sure why I'm mentioning it, but I understood it and found it funny
Okay, so your grandmothers aren't particulary bitter, does that mean no one can be particularely bitter
I am surprised that you don't have end of WW2 as a national holiday
The Brits have essentially wrote the book on many EU trade policies
It's nice when grandmas can babysit
This is exactly the oposite of what used to be the Czech tradition, here bride´s family would give věno (dowry = money/assets) and výbava (household equipment) to the husband.
But don't tell me you equate an eastern european who goes to a western country for work and has basically the same culture as you, to an unemployable refugee from Algeria who has a completely different and mostly incompatible culture.
[Louis Armstrong - What a wonderful world]
Luxembourg is like relative, which is abroad and is doing well there.
The dude was one of Putin's most important men.
However, most of them are completely unprepared, unqualified, can't speak anything but English.
give me dark hair and blue eyes guy and I'm gonna melt
Slavic languages have lots of them
It's quite hard to find anything good from americas though, apart from burgers&steaks
hot - 25+
But I don't think there are movements advocating for secession, if anything they are advocating for the return to pre-1948 state when the country was [administratively divided along the borders of our historical lands] (Bohemia-Moravia-Silesia until 1928 and then Bohemia-Moravia/Silesia until 1948)
The importance of English will again decrease in the future as the US loses its sole economical and military superpower status
Funilly enough, i know a Baasha and she is Polish
My high school physics teacher thought the moon landing was fake and told us the Earth was 15 billion years old
Source: Am Czech
Slovakia is more traditional, so Church had fertile ground to re-establish its sphere of influence.
People started speaking Czech, started writing Czech books, poems, plays, ancient manuscripts and it really strengthened our national identity
Blood types - something you cant invent, we discovered their existence
I have lots of friends who are scouts
What do you mean, you will leave if we leave the EU?
I don’t remember when have I stopped browsing the internet in my mother language
Ah, nothing brings about a constitution faster and safer than hanging ministers from a lamp post
Do you still call it a day
Anne Frank International Exhibition Canceled in School in Croatia.
Ukraine is a fully recognized country, hence their territory should not be touched by foreign parties.
I noticed majority of my classmates writing in this style in high school, but ... like how do you just come up with your own writing style
He got a lot of hate for handling the mess we all helped to create
well, it may be a problem affecting me too, but not in the sense I can't eat potatoes
I don't watch politics too detaily, and I agree with the lack of spotlight
That's great - as a person affected by corporate income tax I envy you!
looks like Czech version is the literal translation of English one, same body parts in exact same order
Something to the effect of adding them into one's collection in their basement
Usually supermarkets will also offer these products at discount (25-50%) on day of or day before the product's expiration
I personally disagree with this notion when talking about EU.
I suppose nobody imagined leaving out of the blue when neither parties - government nor opposition - expected to actually leave the union.
I love how someone writes a book and then someone writes few sentences to disagree.
And never ever underestimate populists.
We didn't have sex ed, my parents told me nothing and tbh i did learn these things mostly from my gf
But what about Voldemort
We're lovin' it
It is history in the end, i hope it will never repeat and we will make friends with all our neighbour countries
Vůbec ne
Krůtí šunka seems incredibly common.
Maybe they'll guess New York
It can be used for any rural area and the city of Brno :))
You do not learn any world history before USA came to be
Kazakhstan, industry best in the world, we invented toffee and the trouser belt.
These are the most well known and instantly recognizable monuments of Prague
I had german 13 years at school
We have just the Christkind (Ježíšek), no Weihnachtsmann
Half of my family lives in Greece including my half-sister so yeah, I do feel a certain connection to it
And chocolate
Also I want to learn Swedish and Japanese
They were present in political debates with piecharts made out of pies and other crazy stuff
You think you'll love it because you've seen it in a few movies, capital of love and culture, but then you're there, just too many fricking people, queues, people are rude, scammers and pickpockets, poverty, overpriced stuff...
But I understand due to social and historical context why Sweden takes it easy
Yes, and its crazy
, so they don't care
Another problem is with endings in the plural form of adjectives
Given the fact I live in Central Europe, I was apparently born at very wrong place
Many people still use Czech Republic
Dutch honesty and factuality vs Latin over-the-top temperament was funny to watch.
Outside of that I'd probably use cash or mobile apps
Our way is "na random"
NET, campaigning with the best anti-criminal program of DIRECT democracy
I remember doing a presentation on the colonization of Peru.
I live in the western Czech Republic
The most widespread dialect on the other hand is Common Czech (*obecná čeština*), an interdialect based on Central Bohemian dialects which evolved more or less separatedly and which gradually replaces regional dialects
I don't see any reason why the parliament shouldn't be able to propose laws.
Guilty, haha
>crimes committed with firearms are more deadly than those committed with knives
No u. I am not claiming him for a nation of which he very obviously didn't want to be part of
free fruits and drinks is couple tens EUR per year and the coffee is 100% terrible
Be careful about that
This time, I have thought about it a lot and I have no idea.
yes, this is what I found strange, because it is usual to use that scale which avoids unnecessary leading or trailing zeroes, exactly I would not order meat by hectograms, I bet you would not declare your weight in grams either  (last but not least, saying twenty five is shorter than two hundreds fifty, shop clerk is not a person for a quick chat, stop blocking queue :)
*Pšonci* is also commonly used
Typical lunch meal (no drink or anything) in a restaurant would cost me around 79-99Kč (2.9-3.6€ with current exchange rate of 1€ =
There are other people in his party who have different views on the EU, however he does have a very dominant position in his party.
Why
Sounds a bit more simmilar to me
Neither are these
No jail
Police in Poland are just protecting the LGBT flag from defacing
Germans have Pfeffi, etc
^(I'll show myself out
Not at all, at least in my area
Cheese is life, cheese is love
sol (Slovak) - meaning salt
For third either Arabic or Chinese
> Čínská republika
The spiciest thing you would commonly find is garlic (and I really don't know if I would call it spicy).
>India's is smaller than Germany,
Slovakia - sparsely populated forests, 2 -small and short-aged kingdoms, then Hungarian empire, then Austrian-Hungarian empire, then some confusion in the 20th century regarding our cohabitation with Czechs, Can be done in 5 classes :-)
Oh well, it was a long time ago since I had history at school and wasn't sure of the dates.
How could you forget the real prides of Czechia
So, in my opinion, this wouldn't hold up in court
Im proud to be Czech
We have the oldest university in the Eastern and Central Europe
I understand why France and the UK did what they did.
I like Robins but their names don't really fit :/ Richard is the only one that works (friend got dibs on that), Damian is OK but bit strange
Imagine if he came back with bad grades
The one that even after 19 years you laugh so hard you have to hold the iron bars
Our current president Miloš Zeman:
Titles are always in their original language
When you are a public figure with thusands of followers, media coverage and bilions behind you, you know how to get your message across.
Their national policy is literally "Russia first", which is immediately concerning since it means they will take advantage of any event favoring them and if necessary, even create some.
"Wolala
Yea pilsner is a brewing style, I just included it for the sake of generality since we were talking about beer.
Hey, out of curiosity, would you say that Norwegian people are similar to Czechs (in terms of how they behave)
ONly reason we are not living is same country is Austria..
There was a lot incidents with trains
French, for example, react badly if they don't hear "Bonjour". You don't have to adjust to every local idiosyncrasy in every country
I never see them outside Prague but Prague seems to be FULL of them
Personally I really like Valencia’s and the Barca logo too
That sounds like a very suspicious context hahaha
Also assassination of Heydrich followed revenge of Germans by burning villages like Lidice
Best czech car company (Škoda) was also bought by VW
frankly that doesn't surprise me at all.
Emperors may come and Emperors may fall, but we shall stand defiant to the very end
Another young Czech politician (was PM at 43) was so incompetent, that he practically destroyed his own party
I am not sure
The (i) and (you) represents the verb conjugation
It was said that the money should help Italy, Spain etc
He is just trolling, don't feed him.
Pretty cool i'd say (if there's open borders and no corona of course)
Federalisation is the only viable future
Oh and we make some awesome videogames
The number of dead germans was 27k, not 90k.
Czechia
QWERTY + composite input, so I can write all the characters I need
I just don't know what to make of it.
The number of dead germans was 27k, not 90k.
Yep the dual number is nice, and it sounds interesting in archaic Czech
Yes, I admit, there are some parts that aren’t that great
The senate is supposed to prevent one party from gaining too much power at once
That is the funny way to put this story, but let's get real: The APCs actually hit each other when the first one braked hard in order not to flatten the Škoda
Aren't these both things common in whole Europe
* bouncething (odrážedlo) - push-bike
When it's been invented, there were a lot of german-speaking people at the time, we were a part of Austria-Hungary so hantec is a mix between Czech and German
[Battle of Czajánek's barracks]
> My dad is Czech, my mom is Slovak, I have both citizenships and to say that we have no similarity is so very nuts
Also
Hey, just because your Trump's wife is younger than our Trump's wife doesn't mean you are any better
I think that my reply is very important context to understand Russian policy, because policy represented by Mr.
Vote Le Pen
/r/WrathOfRichardStallman
Yes mapy
Yes but mostly on subreddits which deal about university or employment advice
It's awesome
I grew up in Northern Bohemia, never really heard anyone being anti-German, I think we've switched to anti-Russian
However I will not speak for him for that I don't know exactly how he meant it
all the time for this kind of videos.
Some of state channels has some meteo background.
Czech 2 day long elections are the most useless thing ever, and I'm sure the methods of counting votes could be improved as well
I heard [Republic of Donetsk] is really nice this time of the year.
I propably don't know anybody who can't.
You could have always asked for a glass of tap water, but the usual reaction of the waiter would be something like: "Sure, but why would you want water, if we have beer
I don't think it would be at all, unless that country was China
It was not independent so their losses are counted towards USSR.
Houskové knedlíky (bread-enhanced leavened d.)
There are countries which belonged to western civilisation for centuries and now might not be seen as western because they ended up behind Iron Curtain (I'm now specificaly talking about most countries that joined EU in 2004).
It's famous here thanks to Němcová's novel Babička
) Both masculinum, but it depends on whether animatum or inanimatum
That's exactly the short-sighted pre-WWI mentality that had been devastating the continent for centuries
Only stuff I've seen and heard right at the location
>  born in Spain
" "Kdo je Serruti
23°C for Czech Republic
*gold
The reason why people view it as a bad thing is because it's so generic and doesn't really say anything about the person, like "I love hanging out with friends" or "I love music".
It was super fucking weird seeing all those Czechs being asspained about the "change", the most bizzare pearl-clutching I have seen, especially since in Czech we use the shortened Česko as much as Česká republika
PE class is really fun after a couple of shots of Slivovitz
And by the tracks you can see santa upgraded his ride.
I feel you
And it says so on the ingredients section too
It's not gonna replace Finnish or any other language
++ fight with rest of hobo group about who is the owner of the empty bottle for free
It’s a bit of a loop logic, but through declension is how we find the category the noun falls in
district is ugly in general
He was the secretary of finances during the 2009+ economic depression
Did you even read the title, much less the article?
That's a cool guide you have, but from a different textbook.
If you are in a buffet then it’s probably smažák (fried cheese) served with fries and tartar sauce
No wonder, when they were brainwashed for generations.
Since centuries ago, my ancestors inhabited this land, but nevertheless, the Polish language remained utterly foreign to me, just like Spanish or Italian.
What do you mean
quadrilion = biliarda
Almost nothing
Kdy byste dostali 2 naprosto stejné krabičky, jednu z NDR a jednu z USA, kterou byste si vybraly
We are aware that Western Europeans might decide they want to avoid a war once again.
But the fact politicians had to go into hiding under police protection is absolutely outrageous if the intel is correct
Do you have a meal called by another country (or part of another country) but completely unknown there?
I like to go around the buildings, look at them but don't really wish to go inside outside of vacations
s = with
That really is kinda freaky
Well, in Europe I mostly know where the cities are located (no clue about Kent, or all those -shire counties - I only know some names)
I like to think Slovakian Brexit would be called...
There is number of things and values we have in common, but overall, each country really is quite different.
beer
i/y is common as there is no difference in spoken language, similarly "mě" and "mně" is pronounced exactly the same
There are abandoned tunnels all under my city
That's nothing but speculation, it's just something people always say without thinking whether it's true.
Ridiculous
There's quality and there's paying extra for nothing.
I also visited the Auschwitz memorial around 4 years ago and it's really powerful stuff
I feel trapped when I'm inside, the sun can't reach the ground nearly as much, you can't see the sunset, and the list goes on
This is my "favorite" tidbit: [ (1933)
But Slovaks aside, I believe Czecho-Slovenia would be a good alternative and maybe even better in some aspects.
You won't believe it, but they grew up in the same town
**" Patriotism is love for one's own nation, not hatred for others
Better than Czech for most stuff, at least for me
It is in 2/4 or 4/4 time and tempo changes from slow to fast.
Nice to know that Italian mountains are eco-friendly
Maybe not ban the mechanic itself but regulate it so it doesn't fuck over people more than trading cards or kinder surprises or whatnot
and then the first Brexit happened.
Thanks a lot
Yes, it's a tragic moment of our past and yes, we remember France's role in it, but it happened a long time ago, so it doesn't really have such a strong relevance for today's Czechs.
The only connection I feel to them is that somewhen one and half thousand years ago we split from the same Slavic branch and now we speak a vaguely similar language, but the mentality is different, culture is more distinct and overall I just feel more like home when I’m in Austria
It's basically the same as we pronounce R in Czech
I like the fact that you have 60's aerial map
Latvian masterplan is to make everything Latvia and Switzerland it's swimming pool
Even after a part of a city is closed forever for repairs sometimes I feel like people who made those decisions didn't think about any access options
The playmobil strike kit looks kinda cool, gonna be honest I would want a putin action figure.
Also ethnicity as we understand it is a bit different than racial concept used in the USA (White, Black, Asian, Hispanic).
) The controls are pretty much random, so lot of people get away with riding withnout a ticket
But sure, they took advantage of it to rally us
Good Friday isn't a holiday, St
West sold us to USSR and thrown us into 40 years under Soviet communist dictatorship
Just be aware that people may think that you are Czech if you do :)
EDIT: To be more precise over here if the emphasis sounds like:
Not sure, if there are, they are probably a minority in the team
The guy is extremely popular in the country.
Crap
The man is a living meme
exact this, looking at your flag it has to be something from Hungarian Empire as usual
Can't blame us we didn't do shit because you were hungry to do it all.
, it's also very easy to practice
I am sure a contemporary designer would tell you the flag is fresh, sharp and modern and perfect for you business
For example, to remember dusík, we just said "udusíme (we're gonna choke) N(disliked teacher with N-name)
It is going to be a mess from day 0
The Y chromosome generally stays the same for a long long time.
Same here
I've dated two Italian girls in my life and, ironically, the first one was the worst cook I've ever met
Meh, I kinda hate both of the movies, but I understand that they are pretty popular.
It's only as boring as you make it yourself
not at all, why would you stay next hotdog stand when that thing is designed to be eaten during walking without problems
I am simply pointing out that a stint in pornography can ruin people's life, and that is a fact
We had pretty good food in school
I think he's talking about the Houska castle
From the top so that the steam acts as a handle.
With Czech being an official language of a 10 million country, there's not a big reason to be concerned so far
Horrible combination
Because you might have to talk to the children that were born with your genes.
Jožin z bažin
>'Tschechei'
The Germans our ancestors met came from mountains, s kopce=from the hill, can be offensive
nightly may - the time of love
Seen him couple of times in-between 1985-89.
I was scared and smoking his joint too just to make sure he didn't get too much of it
Due to its geographical position in the centre, the area of present day Czech Republic was always the crossroad of many influences coming from west, east, south and north.
Of course the blame doesn't really fall on one party but in general I think US and the coallition should have stayed out of it
That’s why there’s also hruškovice, etc
Barcelona has better weather, beach, food, architecture, events, and entertainment, no?
My boyfriend is from Slovakia so we just trash our countries for fun all the time lol
10 days long)
It's also very good for hitchhiking as you can experience lot of different countries in short amount of time
No, but:
Yeah
older ones or newer
Not with Czechia included in it
FINALLY
Or Transnistria, or maybe Carpathian Ruthenia
Countries follow their interests and very often it's in everyone's interests that all actors follow international law and principles, but sometimes there are extraordinary circumstances, such as when you try to establish a new country - and in that situation, you mostly have to break some rules
However the feminine form of the surname is different from the masculine form
Im not sure what wont happen but yeah, I like it here too
you guys had anything interesting to eat tonight?" "Not really, just Rajská like every friday." "Right, friday.
Chocolate and the fact that they think that they have better beer than us
So, people would take whatever job just to be employed and that ofcourse plays well for companies.
I would say “tři sta třicet tři stříbrných stříkaček stříkalo přes tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech” is pretty hard
on the second thought, you being Czech and all that, be rather careful if you do visit it, there is a certain stereotype that doesn't need further testing.
The law says that the president can only be prosecuted for the great treason, so defamation is ok
Also don’t worry about language
In XXI century, Russians are still firmly in the prescriptivistic realm
Kouba is Cham, not exactly the big city, and nowadays Czech people would name it Cham anyway, but the names look quite different
I wouldn't necessarily call it the best car
I don't know about the Danish school system, but during my time at a Czech secondary school (graduated in 2013 and it was a quality school imo), the World/European history lessons basically ended with WW2
A bit simplified, but basically: progressive society vs balanced society vs conservative society
You should be worried no rental company is going to rent you a car for this.
Would they report on fake news spread by the left as well?
in online games it usually depends on these factors:
Also I should add, that my dad speaks only Czech and few words in english
But why
This further decreses the chances of assimilation here in Europe.
Jail
There is one british person I can say he is totally living here not just expating
French has no roots to Czech true but, Russian alphabet looks like it's been written by a slightly drunk crackhead, we could debate about it but I'm not in the mood to debate RN
Domina est oofora :-)
** ODS used to be the biggest one of the two major parties but they have also fallen off in recent elections
People from two different countries were drinking beer together even during the times these countries were at war
Hitler is still pretty popular in India.
OP was specifically asking about dumplings with fillings
If Switzerland was "full", then Germany
It was a religious uprising that happened after Jan Hus was executed
You cannot buy just a single slice
Today r/Europe reached the population of the city of Prague (1 276 000).
And by now, the pro-russian crowd (not yet particularly large one, but still) is louder than ever, silencing every other opinion by threats, cyber bullying and slandering everyone
Living in one of the armpits
They can get up to 55% of cost reduction in combination of their student card and train card (In Karta).
It's considered rude not to turn your back to other people while doing it, but it's normal and noone cares
I'm also right-wing or centre-right voter and Sobotka's government is leftist.
It’s simple and easily recognisable
Vaslui what the fuck
vocative | vodo | vody|wodo| wody
Where he is still to this day
The votes look pretty scattered, are people scattered there or are their views unaligned
Well right now we have the technical means to record the *entirety* of the Irish language, including millions of hours of speaking by native speakers.
>exists
anything from 1400 and before which is not on any unesco or tripadvisor list.
I'm going to celebrate it by nursing my hangover from yesterday and not going outside today
Well, it's one of last 4 countries in Europe I've never visited
I use English wikipedia the most
I would have to be insane
These aren't standardized on the national level either :( Two different platform heights in Germany, 2 (+2 more unique single line each) electrification systems in Czechia
English lessons are mandatory, at least here.
In general I think there isn't much anti German sentiment, definitely not among young people
Future won't be too bright for the West, I admit.
I learned it between 3 and 4
they really dislike that people can move permanently to the country without knowing English.
There's an amount of Vietnamese people here, but some of them have been here for years, it started during communism, in the 70s mostly.
I understand the uneasy situation of Irish nonetheless, hopefully it will get better
This is cool, thank you for this
Don't buy anything off the kind black nigerian dudes in the city center, it's either bullshit, stolen or it's drugs
Only some important days it may be "forgiven" but a lot of people would still think you are overreacting, that it's just for government offices to put it on without being cringy
I have
And none of the (real) political parties you have on offer support mass immigration.
In the west, guns are seen as something uncivilized while in the east communists mostly taught people guns were only owned by criminals and nobody else needed one
No doubt
Now that you mention it, it is quite funny that Icelandic is Germanic language that probably takes most from a Celtic language, as a lot of Irish were taken as *thralls* by the Vikings to serve on Iceland.
But you changed two letters
What the article wants to say is, that beside those specialists the rest doesn't really speak any other language unlike non-anglophone countries.
Eastern Europe makes me sad
Gypsi kids from my town stole my bike when I was a kid
I believe there's a noticeable difference
Did no woker's rights increase wages?
This is literally a terrorist attack with a gun
Not at all
For me it entirely depends on what the temperature was yesterday
I bet it happens because at this point I probably read far more in English than in Czech
So it feels very versatile
Don't mind me, just checking if it works
I'm claiming that life in an average town in Czechia was significantly better than life in an average town in european Russia with the exception of Moscow and St
Yeah, we eat a *lot* of sauerkraut here, absolutely adore it (especially the red kind)
The dialogue is a bit cringy at times, too
Come grasp the mighty phenis of our leader, from juction with testes to tip of its face
For unknown number on my mobile phone only simple "Prosím." (which is literally "please" but it has more meaning, one of it is common response on the phone)
Damn
Being tone deaf never stopped me from professing my fondness of alcoholic delirium through a rude song
When I was really small I remember watching Married with Children, dubbed obviously, and I still remember it was Peggy saying something and finishing it with wether he doesn't understand English or something like that (probably another of their fights)
The people we voted for were minority in the parliament
They wanted to eliminate any possible person/group of people, which could challange them in the domestic environment.
Somehow I happen to like Icelandic and Norwegian
There Is only two types of czechs
Russia sold them the resources needed for war industry and allowed training of german officers on russian territory
I am pretty sure Erdo already had a fiery statement about French refusal of plane's landing and this took him by surprise.
I had the same feeling in Lithuania - they are really really proud of their independence - but I don't recall seeing a single one in Latvia
> You're using a lot of words to say that they're bad
The Acropolis of Athens
To answer your question, both Czechia and Czech Republic are completely valid/official names
Some were executed or imprisoned, some were killed ehm
Id go with politicians
Miro sounds like the Slovak form though, was he Czech
If anyone was aggresively campaining for the NATO enlargement, it was CEE politicians who knew that it was a "now or never" moment for us.
Highly ironic, considering that there's [a 75% chance] that you're a Christian
It's beautiful and all, but the omission of Prague is kinda tough to swallow :D
Go on your favorite search engine and Google "privacy on the Internet" if you really care about it.
This is like something from bad lip reading youtube channel :D
Radicalism, be it nationalism or religious fanaticism, is the true plague of our societies
In my area decent size apartment in the centrum or big apartment/house on the outskirst
Jason and Timothy
Ironically, it's many of his voters who are being bought by increasing their pensions / wages of state employees  by a few crowns
This sounds like a Saturday night in Czechia
Some words are easier to remember, because you can see the logic behind the word e.g.
Last time it was maybe remotely true was before the Great Vowel Shift
hehe
Not always always, it depends on grammatical gender and each of them have ["template nouns"] and after that you have each of the suffixes
I was unironically a hardcore edgy libertarian in my teens/early 20s, so I voted for our small and irrelevant libertarian party once or twice with great enthusiasm
the service weapons in questions are good old [H&K MP5s]
Women eat apples
I think the best aspect of English is its absurdly large vocabulary
Shh, that's the planned sequel
I did not know Coke can be addicting.
European models are common in Asia or Africa and people don't make rasist complains there as some of those idiots here on FB.
They are, and they do
There is lot of it
Some hardline atheists don't care for these monuments (or even see them as symbols of oppression) and think the church should only maintain them through member donations and never receive any public funding
There are some gender neutral names but there's not many of them
Other thing is, that to be jobless is still seen as big stigma in the society.
None, since we didn't have any required reading (in the sense of *specific* books to be read)
Why do we need regulations for that kind of useless stuff
I am talking about all 5 points happening in single scenario with a sexual intercourse as a result.
After all, the average South African has to survive somehow, no
Or so I've heard
Apple sweats nervously
Isn't this actually late afternoon
Vy al spýk of čendžink d juropijen junyjon, d čenš d juropijen junyjon vy mast vyn
We use QWERTZ (I swear I read some piece about the elf Qwert Zuiop living around the keyboard but I can't find it anywhere, perhaps it was something for typing lessons in highschool) with +ěščřžýáíé on the 1-0 buttons, some other symbols including German umlaut are in the right part
What i dislike about Common Czech is it simplification of inflection, lets take an adjective "malý (small/little)" with a various substantives for example
I know, I just wanted to show how similar our languages are
English has a very good autocorrect, so I don't have to watch each letter I type
They don´t speak the language of the target country, and they don´t trust police.
I was working in UK during their "prohibition" and when this goes off.
There are no Adidas tracksuits on the streets, no vodka drinking in the parks and noone is squatting on the bridges.
Sippola FIN
In czech it’s lenochod, the lazywalker or slothwalker
“People watching”
It's a set of conditions a country must fullfill to be able to join EU established in Copenhagen in 1993.
Once I saw a car with a Californian number plate
People understimate how deadly knives are
ours seem to be more communist :[
I get you, we czechs also love not to be Eastern Europe
My mum is a dental nurse so she makes sure I never skip
Don't get me wrong, I've been a convinced anti-fascist ever since I found out that it was a thing and I don't want to excuse them, but it was really interesting for me to discover that a lot neo-Nazis aren't that way, because they really believe it's a great ideology, but because of some kind of emotional damage they suffered in the past
The only good thing that ever came from Soviet Union.
>Brno
This happened when the war was coming to the end and Germans were losing control over the country
I live in Prague and here is very good public transport system (metro, tram, bus) and it is cheep.
I would definitely say Romania
I think Vienna would be the best option.
If you thought like that you could go straight for the claim that Cyrillic is basically hieroglyphs since it's based on them
The latter
Of course, we have our problems
Someone call  27°C heat
Leberkas-Pepi from Austria
Assuming there were way too many of them, wouldn't they slowly descend to shit salaries?
I have a friend who plays it semi-professionally, he once spent like 3 hours trying to explain the rules to me and I still don't get it at all.
The fuck does India have to do with Tibet
At least according to [this survey]
What are you talking about, Russia is completely predictable.
I remember when I was a kid, I just sang along gibberish to english songs that sounded aaaalmost right (to my ears)
Weirdly enoughI sometimes see perkelt (sounds like pörkölt) in restaurants and stuff and it tends to be slightly different to goulash.
I just love the 1956 uprising flag
Veverka
" but that doesn't matter, what matters is that Russia would see it as a threat and respond appropriately
It has to be fake
It's not common in the Czech Republic, but it started to be a thing few years back and now you can see sometimes someone with it
Vlajka
It can't be any other way
People don't even want to bring discussions about religion back to everyday life
They clearly stated that if something drastic, such as leaving the EU, happens, they will want a new referendum.
Only impatient people pay and what they get is instant gratification which depletes very quickly
Confused Schleswig with Schlesien
I was pretty much fluent by age 15 or so, I just had a terrible amount of anxiety about mistakes
That is so much better and more representative than the one posted.
Czech drivers are similar though
All the men of Lidice were killed as well
Last time I saw a lot of people wearing it, at least in Prague
More like a inspiration
In casual setting, usually no
One half of people love it, the other half hate it
In the next century, Premyslids partially wiped out, partially incorporated Slavnikids, their main competitors for the leaders of Bohemia role, so Prague became the capital
The deal they have with his boss is that when he works overtime a lot, he can take that time off when hes waiting for others to do their part
If we would leave the single market, it would be like we shoot ourselves to the head.
and be backup
registered partnership is not full marriage
Especially regarding mines and tunnels
When I was there, however, I did use a local regional train, which was appaling
Slunce, the Sun, is neutrum, Měsíc, the Moon, masculinum inanimatum
They can get stuff done while we can't.
On temperatures I simply gave up and treated them as fantasy numbers.
Future investments into European domestic military industry would help economy and byproducts of research (like drones for civilian use etc.) would help Europe to keep technological edge.
I want to know where [kalliope\_k] got that there is consensus about guns being bad, which is nonsense
It's maniacs like Merkel who wish to destroy our societies by importing *foreign* citizens.
But if I actually cared about it, I wouldn't use a V8 Jeep for it
Not sure, if there are, they are probably a minority in the team
Same here
The Auschwitz is ugly, but is, unfortunately, a pinnacle of most bad trends in history, a representation of persecution, industrialized killing, prejudice, corruption and complex social organization that allowed it to grow so much
This is first part of the first song:
Never saw any
Since mostly locals use them, the drivers are way nicer than on normal roads
And I actually think that Trump is the worse one.
Also importing muslim immigrants
though)
Still doesn't change that Germany would never offer to take these people from Greece voluntarily if they weren't pushed into it.
And it's better if two people get shot on accident than if two people get their head cut off
-Bohuslav Sobotka, former prime minister
>Maybe no smell at all is it most significant trait, just fresh mountain air
The world prices absolutely do and the entire global economy rests on them.
You cannot be possible serious...
Such a thing would raise a lot of eyebrows why is military budget used to supply police work
It was surprisingly pretty fun to read (:
This shit kinda replaced the door-to-door salesmen my grandparents were buying vacuum cleaners from in the 90s. I feel like some people just never learn
don't forget Estonia (1.317.797)
We use commas for decimal and space/dot for thousands
The dragon was skinned and its skin filled with wooden chips
It's ok
You may most commonly encounter it when speaking with others in a normal setting or in media (films, series, etc
The big firework is meant to celebrate it, ever since it was moved from midnight to 6 pm
AFAIK these are not shampoos but laundry detergents tho
pay attention /u/kernedsansserif - if you come on tourist visa, earning any money at all is illegal and will earn you kick out of Schengen.
[De Gaulle was into Québec]–France_relations#Tensions_over_the_status_of_Quebec)
Combine that with the disagreements between EU/NATO states and it is easy to see how divided the West is.
We have the same story
Ah that must suck even more in chemistry as I don't actually have to focus on french
Sorry
If I had to choose, I would probably go for Czech one, seems like the less boring option
, who became a Duke of Austria for a while (but that's more of an interwar thing), and obviously emperor Charles IV
(At least that's what I think in my very limited discord experience)
I wish more people knew about side effects, but it's difficult when people on social media advertise it as totally safe, sometimes even as a cure
Yeah, Germany was indeed very good at convincing Europe that you're not a danger anymore.
(Thanos voice) I am atheism
Finally...attack on free enterprise my ass:)
Everyone likes cheese
On one hand, it's tempting to ask for an upgrade of the languages I already speak to some extent, on the other hand getting 3 languages fully for free
It cost about 40 EUR there and back, took 2 or 3 hours and dropped me off in the middle of Paris.
- Sugar cubes
Otrok in Slovenian means child, in Czech it means slave
The building is from 60s and is one of the most recognisable in the Czech republic.
Czech, for example, is extremely efficient in taking the words and changing them to fit
Let's hope to see it in Poland as well in couple of years.
Its just a meme, don’t feel offended
Probably people who don't actually use it as a drink
Same in Czech, "budeš kopat kanály".
I put a line  in the middle otherwise it looks like a 2
Imo he’s just a successfull entrepreneur, making money of the political system here
[It's already named that way
CIBULKA
The *is* data for the grey countries
*- "Very dark the Dark Side is
Cities without advertisements look really sad
But the best thing about it is that it [lights up differently every time] for example when it's closed it lights up in orange, when there is a concert it lights up in yellow, on the New Years eve it lights up in the colors of Czech tricolour, etc
*former eastern bloc here
Congratz on your future zombiedoomdays home.
" instead of "...this will clog the toilet
Imo it comes down to the use-case
[Babies] by [David Černý] a great example of modern debility sold as art.
Back in 1993, a Czech short name "Česko" and an English short name "Czechia" (respectively French "Tchéquie", Spanish "Chequia" etc
Yes, I don't really mind it with friends who often suffer from the same phenomenon, but it's kind of annoying and even embarrassing in public
So hot even the mosquitoes are hiding
"Oh, you're from the Czechia
Were mostly happy with the system but imho its such a huge change that i dont see that happening in the US any time soon
For some reason the bank thought it was a suspicious transaction and blocked my card, but didn't notify me.
We have Kaufland aswell, but not Aldi for some reason
They also has the highest amount of COVID cases in the republic
In Czech cuisine, black seeds of poppy are quite common - they are added to pies or sweet rolls for example
Towns coat of arms:
Tell me
and [this] which looks like teleported from middle east.
they will have to build a time machine go back to 2001 and lock that dirty criminal!
No surprise we have exact same tucet but you will hardly see this in these times except old movies.
I wasn't indenting to question his nationality or origin in detail since then I would have to list what you did
When I first learned of spelling contests as a little kid (from that Simpsons episode), I thought they are either made up, or that they are for mentally disabled contestants
Any service you use will potentially reveal your data eventually.
Has a long tradition, hopefully it won't start another 30 year conflict in Europe
Also [this happened on presidential election day]
The republic gang
But I'm just not confident you can effectively deter Russia, Turkey, Iran and others threats without the US
And wore make-up
Difference being that sweet popcorn always comes pre-made, while salty you generally make yourself in a microwave
The biggest problem though are the ticket prices
They're probably Muslims; doesn't mean they are all bad.
But no, you keep them
On our way back we stopped on NL/DE border.
And most gun control proponents would like to ban at least something, which is not what most gun owners would accept
For example we could've had [this] (which looks extremely dope in my opinion, also it's quite unique) but everyone went nuts so we don't have anything
And stroopwaffel
I doubt you'll find many
It probably derived from the word "tahat" which means "to pull" in English
That's why in some matters, igonoring the public opinion might be a good idea.
Well, yes
I don´t know the answer to your question.
-ouš is also used sometimes in similar context
While we were talking pictures, some guy about out age and his mum stopped to take a photo as well
The ethnic cleansing and post-war violence were a result of previous circumstances, and while abominable, they didn't fall out of the blue sky
" For friends and family the response is actually similar when I see them in person
"Oh god, he is calling me again
We call you "pšonci"
That's true but I meant specifically the size and position of the "cut-out".
It's quite bizarre and a little sad
Blood types - something you cant invent, we discovered their existence
because it is not a train at all, it is just a bus.
Lunches are paid for by the company and since you included healthcare, that as well, although it's not really a benefit because it's mandatory
" or something equally as unfunny
We did have cooking classes
It's like short guys are afraid of me or something.
But don't forget to other lands in Czechia
Břečka
I think one of the reasons why so many people in this country do not want immigrants from distant religious cultures is exactly this, they dont want to disrupt the homogeneous culture of irreligiousness
Well, the car has been sitting in the parking lot for a week, then disappeared
Eggs seem to be high in selenium and raw eggs contain a protein that prevents the absorption of biotin.
same as everywhere, do not eat at restaurants with photo menus, someone trying to show you the menu or "please wait to be seated" or similar signs
I wouldn't be against turning those into skylights, honestly
Im sure it would after some time, I mean if there were so few people so theyd never meet, there would be no assaults
That's first snow this year, and probably also the last
Here, Harry Potter translations are mostly praised for being very throughout and creative and yet undisruptive, memorable, and overally good
He wouldn’t be able to give it up then
I think people choose such job, because they can't find a better one, it allows them to work during the day and can be close to their home.
As an artsy person, i sometimes just go and have a nice weekend in museums in Vienna, Berlin or Munich
France (and the rest of Europe) won't get better by electing Macron
From what I heard, those are more common in Prague than here, but I've been to a handful
I would say that even looking under the lid is rude
They abound in meat and bread the most, not so much in wine, for which they substitute with beer
I Will for sure :D thanks :)
Yeah, with absolutely nothing to back it up.
Yes
> que cada una haga
As a Czech I support "Czechia" 100%!
* the ones that are not domesticated, these are used in colloquial speech or slang and in formal settings another word being used: kšeft from Geschäft (obchod), ksicht from Gesicht (obličej), kvér from Gewehr (puška), hajzl from Häusel (záchod), piksla from Büchse (dóza, but it is German too), mašinfíra from Maschinführer (strojvedoucí) etc
It could partly be just a subjective feeling of intimidation, however it can also be that women are getting more and more experience with getting catcalled and verbally harassed, which is something that won't show up in crime statistics, however as I woman I can tell you that it can be pretty damn terrifying to have a group of men doing this to you, specially if there aren't many other people around that could help you.
It is basically a streetfood lot of people want's here
The Prime Minister is the one with executive power, who chooses the ministers for their cabinet and actually governs the country
Děkuji, Thank you, Danke, Bedankt, Hvala, Chvála
And here and there a fly gets in.
Thanks for clearing that up
And since then I've been confused about people who have an English sounding name, but are not English speaking natives
Never really had that argument as we always make both and I hate eating ~~mud~~ *carp*.
I know German who worked for Stasi.
s prehnanymi naroky
They show their passport at borders, get a stamp and can stay 90 days out of 180 days period in the EU.
Upper middle class either has a mortgage for a house in some satellite town or at least a better flat, not in an apartment block
I don't understand every word, but I can always derive meaning from context
There's the Black tower, dominant of the city with nice view
Well, you could try to work up a reputation for quality and start selling overpriced stuff
The ingredients look basically the same as our yeast dumplings (*ovocné kynuté knedlíky*), except that they're steamed instead of boiled in water
In fact, I think that gathering information about race is illegal in most European countries
Although it is understandable it could leave a bad taste in someones mouth knowing
My friend, with whom I was staying the first couple of days, cured me of that illusion right quick
Act causually and switch to garlic diet
etc
He is absolutely right
>Yes, these other countries were part of invasion, but really every one here understand, that their governments were partially puppets of Soviet regime, just like Czechoslovak government which was installed after the invasion
They both liberated us
Say Czechia one more time, I dare you
And why should the employee ask you why you need a shotgun
And that's why it's crazy and I treat federalists like extremists
And the worst part is that my English proficiency is completely fucked up
I think the most famous of these is ,,Polednice" (The Noon Lady)
Their existence Is the main reason we don't want euro, we're just lazy
It was clearly a 2020 vision
German, Austrian, and Italian
That's probably why Germany wasn't involved at first.
However, this might be because of generally worse customer service here
Na rozdíl od něj byl ale Bavor korunovaný, tak si udělej vlastní obrázek, jak to brát.
even an IT job, it was not suitable for remote work).
I consider myself a Czech citizen but ethnically Greek
Her body was never found, because nobody really knows where the pipe leads
In my area decent size apartment in the centrum or big apartment/house on the outskirst
You can smell it almost all the time in Prague
* Karel Čapek
That is not right
I'm not the biggest rap fan, but I love [Galantní Jelen by Vojtaano]
This is something we have learned to not keep allies in the dark.
I am the exact opposite
for example we have dish called Spain Bird.
> **new** communist government used police
1) Isn't nearly as harmful as alcohol or tobbaco
Austria no lockdowno
Anything involving high speed chases
> See that red light
At the end they took a sample of their product to a lab to find out how pure the heroin was and it turned out it was 0%.
None used or within public consciousness
Mňau same pronunciation as English
Slovakia
Vltava = Moldau
It's a mess
Also, it has very young population.
from dictators which grants no rights to the people
Just throw them out of the door, you can scrub them away from the mountain side few days later.
In the Czech Republic, definitely Trdlo/Trdelník. It’s just a trap for naive tourists, you can find it in literally every food stand in Prague for hilarious prices
CIBULKA
the exception can be if the michelin guide brings you to the place but then it is not a trap (and even then it is not the norm)
He managed to transform a boring event into such enjoyable show
You have only remember some important differences.
EDIT: Oh, and it's illegal
When the coronapanic hit, I started actively looking for smaller independent places to shop around, not only supporting the store but also the local producers
Love you guys too
But I mean, if they enjoy it, good for them
What the actual fuck guys
US: first I was asked for ID when entering club as no one under 21 (which is also drinking age there?) is not allowed to enter.
Yea, but they are very likely to make coallition and I know from our history that this not ending well.
I was there with our whole class when I was in middle school
Afaik, V4 countries generally prefer being considered Central European and then Austria and Slovenia I guess
Multisport card
Still both languages are ridiculous in this aspect.
In tears:* For the lord emperor and his family
It doesnt have the means to force EU member states yet, except economic means or taking away their voting rights, their tried that with either Poland or Hungary, but luckily, that needs to be unanimous
The lady in question is/was the European western shooting champion
After the fall of Nečas cabinet in 2014, he directly named his guy a prime minister, a guy not even a member of parliament
just because
You can't properly study the effects of UBI by running experiments that have nothing to do with UBI.
Google is not bundling their products with Android, the phone makers are doing that.
Our boomers loved tanning
When i was a kid, i would always wake up at about 6, threw my sister into water (with some help of her boyfriend), beat her with pomlázka, then spent whole morning (about 6 hours) walking door by door my whole village with my friends, got some money, got drunk (everyone would just give you shot of slivovice or two, chocolate and some money, usually like 20kč [$0,8], but some people would give you like 200kč), at 12:00 (traditional end) got home, went to sleep
As far as laws for actual self defence (and use of aforementioned firearms in our case), it is similar to other countries in Europe
Usually from around 15° C and more, doesn't need to be sunny
Because except Latin, I know it only in Czech :)
What they do care about is having reliable, frequent, comfortable public transport that gets them to their destination quickly and without too much walking.
For the recent years
If tarrifs suddenly returned, this would collapse like a house of cards
yes we have (been there last week) two names are possible, can't be same and if there is a dash (anna-marie) it is considered as single one
I dunno, There's nothing special about them that I like or I know I guess
Netherlands, where most positions offer fewer working hours (both for women and men) so they can care about their kids.
one-way ticket for Orbán on Mars
Since it's missing, it would 1,09 for Czechia
Right here
The worst offender that comes to mind is the latest Deus Ex, which takes place in Prague
And people ask why my life goal is to not pay taxes
Forming sentences is easy, no cojugating etc.
The fact we were once one country also helps, because we also know the meaning of slovakian words, that are different, because it became part of our culture
Illegal migration for sure
>People really like to get upset for anything
I see you don't subscribe to the /r/finlandConspiracy
To avoid busy roads I would have to use a different path that goes up a very steep hill (like one of the few in the city) and showering at work is not possible
Ireland: Sleeping in a haunted hunting lodge
In Czech it means to fuck
This is of course because they were part of the Hungarian part of Austria-Hungary before Czechoslovakia became independent and they still have Hungarian minority.
Kozodirky (Goat-holes)
(with Czech it is not that funny)
Apart from the long url there is also short one
Leading by example
I've never seen anyone referring to themselves or others referring to us as Czechians.
Source used for the list below is the [European Commission website]
25 minutes by tram/bus or about the same time on a bike
In czech ,,kolo" means wheel and circle is ,,kruh" but dimunitive for ,,kolo" (kolečko) can also mean circle
I love the name Dimitri, it just sounds badass
Started German a little over a year ago and I can't tell at all
In the west, guns are seen as something uncivilized while in the east communists mostly taught people guns were only owned by criminals and nobody else needed one
Taxis, as a employee I pay 4.5% of salary as a healthcare insurance, employer pay 9%
You want to ditch Czechia only to turn us into Netherlands-wannabe?
Question for Turks: is dollar seen as a way to keep your savings and set price of more expensive investment (car, apartment etc.) ?
Once you have your permit I guess there are shops where you can buy a gun.
It is sad, but it's understandable
Oh come on, you guys never had an openly atheist president.
Yeah lol listening to Austrian radio wasn't exactly something rare in commie CZSK
We already have something like that for speeding 20 km/h+ in a city or 30 km/h+ out of a city
It's the launching of 11 identical offensives and fail every time that sounds like a mistake
Slow and stupid is an old stereotype of Estonians, not Finns
Or is it Škoda lásky, better known internationally as Beer Barrel Polka
We've got a lot, normally quite colorful ones are used
Northern Bohemia, southern Prague and everything east of Uhříněves.
He's dutch, bikes are their religion
We can of course play 'what if', but the reality is that we don't know what would happen
But it goes pretty in-depth though and I don't know whether any non-Czech people would find it that interesting.
This one
We are a pretty homogenous country, the only cultural split would probably be between Bohemia and Moravia + Silesia.
Obama had a great personality but in my opinion he was a shit president in terms of international work.
Some could remain, but it was difficult.
Bulgaria: Crossing Rila and Pirin with friends
mapy
In Poland, Slovenia, Croatia and Bulgaria I got okay with Not knowing their language, but it really needed both sides to be interested in having a conversation together
Overall very well armed
And I've also always opposed opening the outer EU borders and unrestricted immigration, especially from culturally-not-so-compatible countries.
I like it, because it just makes writing quicker
We all tend to think our nation's beer is the best in the WORLD
He just wants to be offended by something
What about HOGWARTS
Mladá Boleslav: A lot of Škodas, Pretty rich, Pretty much just a big Škoda factory
Greece: Renting a motorcycle with my dad, travelling the interior of the island of Crete
I myself prefer to come at 7:00 because then you can leave at 15:00 and have pretty much whole afternoon for whatever you want/need to do.
[Per wikipedia] *The term "Bohemianism" was associated with "social unconventionality", that comes from the French bohémien.
Germans introduced potatoes by german way, they gave an order
Genocide:
What is the strangest destination where people go to spend their Erasmus
Demographic projection for year 2050 forecasts our population, you can guess, at 10
We have a very long history and shooting and gunmaking has always been part of our cultural heritage
They want people to be afraid of how much they love them.
Personally I wouldn't go there
Dankjewel Nederland
I would go for another solution
Heck, we're the texas of europe, we brew fine beer and craft excellent firearms, what more do you want pardner
If the quality of food they serve is there is anywhere near the stuff they gave me in the local hospital, the spoon is well placed
It shows that despite Trump is (politically) dead, Trumpism is not
And it's better if two people get shot on accident than if two people get their head cut off
We have a saying that every Czech is a musician (Co Čech to muzikant)
As it is in Canada (who switched in '65 I think
They tried that and it didn't work." Because it wasn't UBI!
cz layout if you use [windy
We have so much different way of solving and going through things
You want the Lands of the Bohemian Crown, then
The more the merrier
But you are right, as long as he can do that he needs the EU
People say "mejl" or just "e-mail".
" (It's sausage to me
some people would pronounce the D hard
how would you feel if some idiot started waving soviet flags during Czech independence day ?
> Damn, just realised what a douche I am
Name Budweiser directly refers to the Czech town České Budějovice (Budweis in German)
also, neděle means both Sunday and week in Czech (but the „week“ meaning is much less used, it's more like oldfashioned but the meaning is preserved)
The pronunciation is very similar
Yeah
Sometimes, there would be more focus on local literary authors, but otherwise not much attention
I'd enlist and do what I have to do.
Standard, neutral, default, pure.
Yes, but they can't carry them, they can't even have them loaded at home
I once saw a very amusing Vice documentary, where they visited a bunch of junkies living in some bushes on the edge of Prague and watched them make "heroin" out of poppy seed, which they stole from a nearby field
Which kinda makes sense to me, since we can vote our president directly (it wasn’t like that), but I’m more fond of the parliamentary democracy that we have rn
Living outside of Prague now it seems three quarters of the village have their adult kids living with them, I hope my two sons convert our barn into houses and live there like the neighbours kids have done
" How can a party show [THIS MOTHERFUCKING PIECE OF SHIT GARBAGE] AND CALL ITSELF A SERIOUS POLITICAL PARTY WTF
* Alexandr Dubček (He was Slovak)
Thats
There is steel industry, coal mining, coal heating plants, petro-chem industry and chemical industry.
They should do that more with smaller churches.
And yes
German
Finish sites are kind of: Hey, we need something in Finland, do you have anything
I haven't seen it in a very long time
But I know about only one country called "The Heart of Europe";)
And many countries use the shorted term for the official name and I'm ok with that
> Trus in Russian is a coward
The closest thing I've seen is Geordie Shore, and that's no where near close.
Kuřim --> I smoke
But the UK has the same problem
Please, stay safe
I can't believe this can be used as described above
I'd argue though that the UK has strong soft power out of all the European countries.
Im not an architect myself but this is what i gather from lurking /r/architecture (mostly us posters) so i might be wrong.
They can't accept enlightenment princples and stay  faithful Muslims
Don't worry, at least we know you well, because you are the pun of another annoying "cliché" I very much hated
Only much later I realized it's because English is basically an abomination
> and I should be coming fast because they were getting sold very quickly
But it can be deadly fast
30% of the population will vote for ANO apparently so there is plenty ignorant and stupid people in our country
Hold on though, there is no X pronounciation in Czechia no
- etc
That was unfortunate, they gave colonial era a bad name.
Basically
Someone that thought heydrich would get to much power and wanted him dead
Language wouldn't be that much of a problem as my English isn't that bad and I am trying to learn Irish, but there are other things holding me back home
And after a few times, you start sitting at the table without asking
I study English though, idk if it’s relevant
Surprisingly legends about White Ladies (especially foretelling death) are really, really old
Otrok = children in croatian And slave in czech
I mean our curent prime minister, our current president and our previous president
not even potato salad, I found a horrible example :D
> I think that's a very individual thing
IT seems to atract a lot of foreigners to work in Prague
Until it's faster *and* cheaper to take the public transport you won't get people to switch.
Ah, I see you're living the 1980s Czechoslovakian dream
Number of foreigners in Czech Republic rises to record levels
If not, then no, you really do not qualify for an asylum here.
You can carry a firearm in Czech Republic but I've never met anyone with a gun besides the police
Our asylum/immigration laws are tough and there is no sign that people from Arab/Muslim countries are in any way interested in immigrating here
Not too common, but I am sometimes one of them
Elsewhere yes, it's normal to just buy it from the driver, but in Prague everyone either has a public transport card, ticket  from a ticket machine placed outside of the bus (these are usually in metro stations, but the ticket applies to all public transport) or with SMS ticket
>Is the football one really not the one that comes to mind first tho seriously
Nice move
Any reason to have a beer is good one I suppose :)
That's true for the younger generation, I don't mind either, but older people appreciate it a lot
Being atheistic doesn't necessarily mean that you won't be socially conservative.
Nowadays it would definitely be a lesser evil kinda vote, and it always is in presidential elections
People are concerned with their daily struggles, with what they see around themselves and with fears of change for the worst.
THIS is probably only worldwide one.
In Czech you can do a similar thing
But this is going to be much worse, the temperature will drop to minus 40C°! (Don't know how she got that number, It would be a record)
\*all Czech political climates
We can pack up and move west
If 9 years pass, then earth will be disappearing
healthy and quality food at premises, even for money
That's cool
For example:
You're comment is right on point
You guys seem to have lot of misconceptions about Europe.
Also čus from tschüss
You can start with learning how to spell the word correctly ;)
Over time however, I picked up several hobbies where knowing Japanese would be very useful
During ski race somewhere in Norway there was an aerial shot of the first group and in the snow you could see a GIANT "Babiš je zlo" in the snow
Don't you dare take it from us
(Disclosure: I freelance as match 3 level designer)
I speak four foreign languages and I definitely feel it's not enough
Babiš came from Slovakia to Czechia, after he finishes with us he's obviously coming to Germany, continuing west until he destroys whole world
Who wants to assimilate here, has to really put an effort to absorb the local culture, language and rules of the recieving EU country.
>  in some families you're just expected to figure it out for youself later
Why do you delete your posts
Personally, I rather believe politicians push for international connections of any way more than necessary
It was no problem in tha past with us since we were also part of big group of kids going, there's fewer kids nowadays so it may not seem so "safe" but that's how it is
5 minute walk to bus, 5 minute bus ride, 15 to 20 minute tram ride
**Karlovy Vary:** spa town, lots of Russian and Arab tourists
Like petting zoos or reptile exhibitions.
Their parents' taxes paid for their education already.
It's pretty funny to me, because most Czech people barely ever bike in traffic, it's considered more of an outdoor sport done outside of cities here
Totally wasted that opportunity to say “I am not going home and your vehicle is parked over here at the orbit by the way” :)
Apparently it's supposed to get lot colder later on during the year due to ice bergs melting in South Pole
Ethnocentrism isn't a thing just in the West.
I don't want to have a 10-hour shift, not even for an extended weekend
ETA: Well, I just remembered that Czech language competitions do exist and I even took part in one at about 14 (which was along time ago  )
I think it would be quite success here (in Prague) and they would not have to be dependent on tourists
Hans Adam of Liechtenstein is not translated (Jan Adam), but Margrethe of Denmark is Markéta
This also happened in Poland and the Baltics.
Thieves are masterful to the utmost here: therefore, should your vigilance drop a tiniest bit, they will snatch your sandals right off your feet
so yeah
I frankly have much more respect towards a good and honest plumber than to some humanities graduates who consider themselves superior to people without university level education
Every country from Austro-Hungarian empire be like
they
Budějovice  are 8
Nobody really knows why, but it has been succesfully reversed in animal experiments
"Do you have /insert any regular equipment everybody has the last 30 years/ since you are some central Russia village or something
It needs long-term education in "how to live in the free world", which sounds silly, but it's something countries in the east deal with and gonna deal with.
There's an unsettling trend in Czech pubs lately that if you ask for a beer, they ask you which one, which is really an unnecessary delay if you ask me
But it was reported that after Brexit there was a rise in hateful attacks against foreigners in the UK, with Eastern Europeans being one of the main targets.
FOR REAL
But I think the biggest divide right now is the populism/anti-populism instead of the traditional left/right division
The Czech and Slovak republics under the federal one had been created, and were supposed to be given their own constitutions - it never happened though
I'm giving non religiousness
German companies produce high tech things which Chinese cant replacate with proper know-how yet
People sometimes say Bohemia, but they mean Czechia (sad Moravia and Silesia)
Fuck you if you don't drink beer
Oh I didn’t notice it said fast food
I agree though that we should act according to the treaties and accept the decision unless the Court revokes it, but at the same time I really hope no other quotas are passed against our will.
Czech has a couple:
You aren't writing koláčky every day so you don't need to have á and  č so easily accessible :D
But it doesn't always translate to nationality because people mix and move around Europe a lot
That doesn't mean that foreign states, including allied countries, don't spy on us.
- but even with many other REASONS why we should ALL go to vote this time, but - unless we want to be deceived, cheated and robbed AGAIN - DON'T VOTE for any of the ruling parliamentary parties of this (post)-Communist criminal "cop"-ocracy
Reading your post made me feel sick that people like you have to now worry about their future.
It is global economy - scams and manipulation
No, we are not Russains nor Germans, we don't speak any of those languages
I don't think there was much difference between english and russian hooligans there.
I can see it with Slavic nations and Eastern European nations as a whole
Rakousko Uhersko
I'd make a joke about having a bike being a Dutch citizen's duty but considering what the police is like in my country (yes, i live in eastern europe) this is too wholesome
Of course, we have our problems
if you want details it is better to read something on the topic
Bigos looks a lot like some types of *Zelňačka* (sauerkraut so up) and that's reasonably common here, same with Koblížky (pac,zky)
Yeah, these are easier ones
We also have that no music past 22:00 law, and it's enforced, it's kinda annoying sometimes but understandable
You don't become potus just because random blind luck and Trump proved his insight several times.
the kofola really makes it
There are some stories like this too, the most known is Vodník in the Kytice compilation from K. J. Erben
Helsinki development is insane
Our PM is the corruption incarnate
In normal restaurants, there are usually up to three decent lunch menus (soup, main course and dessert) for about 80-90 CZK (3-3.3 €).
Yes, Dubcek was naive if he believed Soviet Union would allow any kind of freedom to it's satellites
Its always cheaper to buy item than to gamble because lots of people are overbuying randomness and the items on the market are undervalued
The absolute peak of comedy: *Czech yourself before you wreck yourself/have you Czeched/do your stores take Czechs/Czech it out*...
Stop watching Rossiya 1
Same here
Because of communist censorship, quite a lot of music from west was unavailable and got into czechoslovakia through smuggling and with long delay
I feel like this is nothing new by now but on Easter Monday guys go around and whip girls with whips made out of willow branches
And some of them still are
To symbolise unity and equality between members?
I meant more by culture, but yeah
EDIT: Apparently biased on purpose
Often the families sell their land/houses to these middlemen for price under fair value.
There are few more I theoretically know, but have not used: Efcharisto in Greek, Takk in Swedish, Teşekkür ederim in Turkish
Trust
In colloquial Czech people frequently say "Fakt, jo
Language can be wild
Oh for sure, but it was still not a birthday I will likely remember
Pirates are doing a fine job, but they are not too fond of populist bullshit which limits their reach
Lucky
I know plenty foreigners living here for years not even close to this level
No, they are not anymore, but we gave our daughter middle name anyway
since there are accounts of him attacking nazis as well as raping girls (i think
Of course some innocent people were also marked as collaborators and vice versa
Let's skip that
I hear the pride of the Croatian flag is a bit controversial
But as I said, no idea how it is in Russian.
Zajebiscie, kurwa
The episodes are all available on Youtube, but only in Czech :/ It's not really surprising, because Czech history is simply not a topic that general English-speaking audience would be interested in.
The rest has huge trauma due to Soviet oppression
Stadiums built by slave labor
He collects souls of drowned people and keeps them in pots.
So you could either present him as an Assassin, a Templar, or just some acrobatic neutral villain
I can recognise the old austro-hungarian too
So much I decided to get a licence, buy a .22 and make shooting on range my hobby (zero ambition for self-defense though)
Obviously, it affects politics there.
I'm so glad that we don't have this bullshit here
It’s a beautiful city though
(And yes I recognize there are links between SDF/YPG and PKK and the history behind it)
Terrible experience, never drank gin afterwards
But I go to Italy
Putting on wishlist
Homophones would be words that are spelled differently but pronounced the same, like kernel and colonel or martial and marshal
Well Czechia became the official short form because before we only had the long form (Czech Republic) which was sometimes awkwardly shortened to "Czech" which didn't make sense
Confused
It's quite hard to find anything good from americas though, apart from burgers&steaks
That's why purchasing tickets from the driver in Prague is penalized: you can only purchase more expensive ticket and you pay 20% premium on top of the regular price
I'm sure it also includes actually efficient foreign language classes
They own half our companies anyway
If you'd like to save money, you can buy only consonants for your typing machine and get by with sentences such as "[Strč prst skrz krk
Who would then import all the German export?
Can you distinguish european languages from one another?
Děkujeme
Why are the borders of the czech republic still visible
We throw this doll during spring (I think) into the river, we used to do it in kindergarten so pretty old tradition
so it took DUP for this sub to became anti-sharia
Or are you communist
TIL USA won not only the space race, but also the washer/dryer race.
Just distances are shorter in EU so it looks cheaper to you.
The Crusade against Atom doesnt really make sense to me
No, that would be quite downgrade
We built our own shelters, cooked our food and collected firewood and so on
Concealed, of course, open carry is a tactical disadvantage and it might worry tourists and some people too much
The countryside is going to be more green since we need less and less land to feed our population.
It contains the dreaded "Ř", that most of foreigners have problem pronouncing
Yes
At my school if a teacher caught you with your outside shoes on you'd get sentenced to a couple hours of helping the janitor/maintenance guy sweep the floors or mown the lawn.
But I can do like 6 beers an evening at the pub and that is still on the low side for czechs
Taxidermia (2006)
Polish kapusta is like slovak kapusta (i.e. zelí, cabbage)
Goes 1,200m underground
I'm assuming police use of lethal force and trespassing are not accounted for as murder
For the love of god, don't say that Polka originated in Poland
Well at least you're guaranteed to have the best view from the crowd the next time a fascist dictator gets executed and strung up in your area
The town of Bruntál is sometimes considered to be a prime example of this stereotype
And we exist in the form until today, we have independence and thus the ability to make our own decisions - obviously we are restrained in that by the geographic, economic and political circumstances that we find ourselves in, but it's still better than having no formal authority and having to rely on someone else that they will respect our rights
\*cough\* fuck our cartel of \*cough\* operators
Slovak - absolutely no problems, though the eastern dialects can get harder with muttering
because the virus seems way too complex to just pop out of nowhere as a mutation of the common coronavirus
Love actually is a classic here too
let's face it - unless your girlfriend can either immediately score a well-paid job in UK or gets into a British uni, living in UK for both of you becomes impossible.
Furthermore, there is more to Japanese cuisine than ramen and sushi
I’d say that a more popular discussion is whether it’s better to eat a schnitzel for Christmas or if it’s better to eat a carp
Pulli IT
Meaning we would have to have the window fully open all the time which is just hugely impractical
There's still one spot left on the screen
Yep, asian food is actually quite popular here.
She got killed just as he walked out of his shop
He doesn't take it seriously - Má/dělá z toho prdel - He has/makes ass of it
I don't know, I am in Madrid now, and today really feels like the usual winter day here (10°C during the day, and slighty above zero during the night)
Crazy how we use almost the same words
Oh and we make some awesome videogames
pretend it doesn't exist
How being always outvoted by larger countries in European parlament make us less irrelevant?
They migrated to present day Bulgaria, mixed with locals (Thracians and Vlachs) and were later slavicised thus making modern Bulgarians.
I wouldn't necessarily call it the best car
In a short almost every conjunction like "a" "ale"  etc have version both with and without period depending the whole context
Velkopolska
Not even having a derogatory nickname
Czech Republic is chill becouse it has more than 1000 cases and still 0 deaths
wtf, I thought Reunion is a small island, but it has 850 000 inhabitants.
Its quite common as a gift to give someone for example 1 year subscribstion to UNICEF
I hope they are not cooked bone, those could kill your dog like nothing
Pistol and revolver ammunition with expanding projectiles and the projectiles for such ammunition, except in the case of weapons for hunting or for target shooting, for persons entitled to use them
Really, the extend of the damage cannot be gauged until someone actually sues someone over it
The same goes for the language - a significant part of IT jobs are english speaking, so it's possible to find a job in IT without knowing Czech, however again - you options would be wider if you knew Czech.
I mean, obviously, it's in the bloody treaty!
It’s the first thing I buy when I travel to Poland
the difference is striking
We are hoping to see a good mixture and variety of city and landscape, with a photographer's eye for amazing high views of the city (especially at dusk or evening).
Also some rulers in our history were good
E-gaming
* Karel IV (Charles the 4th)
who would want to rent an apartment to you for 3 months?
It’s more like historical experience
That's why the number is so low IMO
Love this
Yeah, big surprise
Yes, it doesn't have the big touristic attractions like Prague (and thus streets overcrowded with tourists), but other than that
Nope, but that's what I found on English Wikipedia, we call it rohlík.
Oh, Brits will dump their shame on her and blame her for brexit, won't they
Among other people, it is Miroslav Kalousek
Shame there are no English subtitles, possibly only one video^1 have them.
Same with Lichtenstein and even Switzerland
There are few tricky cases like *z* and *s*; *ě* and *je*; *ú* and *ů*. The worst is *i* and *y*, they sound the same but there are very complex rules which you are allowed to use
And then you get gradually accepted by the regulars until one day you might get invited to the table
Also there may be some differences in the practical tests for the classes.
Our government expressed regret over the Brexit vote, but also immediately said that they're against the Brits having a full access to the single market without the freedom of movement.
This still happens every year in my Moravian village, I had no idea it was disappearing
Could you elaborate on why I am being delusional
More than fighting
Love the picture on the right xd
I dont think there were any potato in ME either.
Eating too late
In Czech rep I feel like it depends how well do you know the person - if it is a formal situation then you would most likely go for a handshake, but if it is your friend you would use some kind of other greeting - it might be a hug, just saying "hello" or holding hands "in reverse" and bumping into each others shoulder
He disgraces Czechia in the EU
We've lost 40% of our population
Asian restaurants have photos almost always here too, and they are usually are rather cheap or normal priced
Here is an example:
večerní máj – byl lásky čas
We should also invade Syria and Iran to be safe more
They do listen to their people, but they can also enact unpopular reforms if they see them as beneficial.
It's like this:
If you are an American tourist visiting Europe, Prague is definitely where you want to go in 99% cases (but even then there are people who would prefer the less touristy spots)
sol (Slovak) - meaning salt
And it wasn't even *that* cheap
> Hungarian flag
The rules might be more consistent but if you don't know them 100% you are fucked.
Maybe in 20-30 years AI will come close to a point where that becomes an issue.
It is speculated that should it happen, sooner or later there will be a referendum about leaving the EU
It's not like you have to go there.
I think this is again related to Czechs being negative on default and since they have no experience with Jews they rather say no than yes
Slovak, English, German, Russian, Spanish, French, Irish, Finnish, BSL
Yeah
Cars take away freedom, at least in dense areas
Can you recognize for instance danish from swedish, ukranian from russian or spanish from portugese?
I assure you, it has a huge value for many people
And that people elsewhere complain just as much as in my country
Come and take it, mountain boy
My personal is "The train was late/delayed/didnt stop at the station". The Praha-Beroun track is hell, sometimes the train is 1 hour late, sometimes it doesnt stop at Smíchovské nádraží, so I have to go the main station and take a detour
I found [this] via the image search.
With normal guns that aren't classified as "military", I can just request a permission to buy it (from the police) and I will most likely automatically be granted a permission.
I would take it with a massive grain of salt, seeing it's all answered by one foreign dude.
> Then if you want you can write printed-like but nobody will teach you that
Ideally located near rich prosperous countries (Germany!) and far away from problems.
Our current president and his sheep took the pushing his own agenda to the extreme.
Czech Republic is divided into 3 areas, Czechia, Moravia and Silesia
Our  cheap bars are constantly under attack from all sides
We are talking about different aspects of the topic though
But then again, we had a large building fire that killed several people, so it obviously wasn’t the very top one
Tak jsme se sekli oba
To se bude hodit
German military was biggest in Europe, we might have had good fortification on German borders and decent industry, but we would get our cheeks clapped, war would be over in matter of days once they got through mountains, not to mention they could flank us through Austrian border wich was nowhere near as fortified as north
Anyway, it's absolutely despicable
It's 6 years old
This still happens every year in my Moravian village, I had no idea it was disappearing
Or atleast from what I know, maybe they hide it.
From natural caves, through old gold/silver/whatever mines, lot of huge underground in old cities (15th century and so on) to quite a new things like old water cleaning and sewerage from 1900 or pre WW2 fortifications.
It is not a doubletailed lion but a lion hiding in another lion ass.
I don't know if it's the texture or the taste (probably both, to be honest) but I really hate it
What a massive waste of her "Long Reign" opinion modifier that would be
For all practical purposes, aglomeration might outgrow the national border
On a more serious note, there are actually separatist movements in Moravia
Louvre, CDG airport (of course), Les Invalides...
It's the same scenario all the time.
You will never find bigger cheapskates elsewhere
For example - here, in the Czech Republic, you can go by our high speed train from Prague to Ostrava (356 km) in just over 3 hours
Also we were Soviet puppet for another 40 years or so, because of that conference, si there's also that
Chlupaté knedlíky (lit
what do you think of your country's cars?
Eurostat offers also a stat that is named severe material deprivation.
) were proposed but government couldn't agree on it so a compromise was made and we stated only the Czech name and left the rest blank until we would come with better alternatives
Why the fuck does Trump look like a caricature of himself
So it's finally here
How else would you persuade public that people who are against regressive left are at least as despicable and evil as Hitler?
Only if it's from the Carroze region
Thinking that Europe is a single country and not grasping the idea of 'small european countries', "why dont they unite, theyre no different to each other."
* blood types
> I thought the Iron Curtain was a real, physical object, some sort of border fortifications system,
Worse than English in around ¾ of topics, but not bad
I definitely need to visit again some time after this craziness is over
Act causually and switch to garlic diet
Planning for 2050 is waste of time
Those guys are cashing in like crazy.
Unless you live near the border, we dont go often
> Czech: Jsi velice krásná/ý má/m~~ú~~**ů**j drahá/ý.
* UA: Дякую
Nonantola IT
See the issue illustrated in always relevant [Yes Prime Minister]
But for example the really incompetent translator of Song of Ice and Fire made terrible job, because she not only screwed the translation as a whole, but chose terrible name translations (some of them), in the middle of the whole saga suddenly translated almost all of them, even though she first used mostly not translated and then, after a book or two, said sorry, I take it back, here we continue with not translated
Get ready for a roller coaster ride :D
Up until then, photos and a thousand of different cathedrals in Europe will suffice I believe
It will increase but majority of the population is still in favour of the nuclear power plants
They may not be Poles, but Brits will either confuse them for Poles, or they will just consider them the same "category" of migrants as Poles.
) advertised as Ukrainian food here, are those not traditional
Our baby stroller has been stolen from the lobby of the apartment building where I live
It's [Ještěd Tower] It's a TV and lookout tower and hotel in one.
Don’t have qualification we want
They just see themselves as being in the right all the time
I think they occupied so it counts.
And do whatever you guys want with your country
It is very embarrassing for Europe, and the EU is supposed to be the next superpower...
Doesn't even have to be that
1945 - present
* Ukrainians
And while birther movement is ridiculous, I don't find it especially racist.
> If I can use it privately, it's also a benefit
(right
After the Velvet Revolution, many changes were made, like stripping away the glaring communist relics, but a new constitution never was made, since by then talks of dissolving the federation had been underway
Anything below that is very uncomfortable for me
^(I'll show myself out
nah, you were like [cheerleaders] when he arrived
It is just
I enjoy Tartarus Cast
€23 monthly = 4GB data + unlimited calls and SMS
OMG, such a great memories I have
Yeah, it doesn't look Eastern European in my experience, either
This is quickly becoming an invest in an AC or die situation tbh
Jewelry - I just cant say it
Okay man
Czechia to Checkia/Chekhia and the Czech Republic to the Check Republic/the Chekh Republic
For the record, I'm a Czech who moved to Germany some years back, and here Czech is viewed 100% as eastern Europe.
I've compared things to Germany and the salary increase wouldn't be significant after taking living expenses into account.
That could never ever happen in the Netherlands, Wilders has no chance to become Dutch President /s
Yeah, people sometimes remember it exists past the 19th century
I personally dislike it
Perhaps if that's even possible
The worst example is likely A Song of the Ice and Fire when the translator decided in the middle of the series (A Feast for the Crows) that since the Medek brothers, the HP translators, were so successful with translating surnames of characters, she could do the same and decided to change a name of any house that had a slightly meaningful name, House Redwyne became *Rudovíni*, House Merryweather became *Dobrovětrovští* etc
Now, Zeman's English is actually pretty good, but this one sentence on 5:45, to this day nobody really knows what did he meant by
Its direct translation from my language and I didnt even realize it
This was a high school in Brno, btw
Most people don't even fill it in
Male: Hunter, Oscar
the question is if you accept his early books or later crazy ideas
Yes, definitely
Like most massacres of Germans
"Sbalit si svých pět švestek" = "Pack up your five plums" = Prepare to leave
He was also the main architect of the Holocaust and the Reichsprotektor in Bohemia and Moravia
yeah it sounds like a name of some genital herpes
Our  cheap bars are constantly under attack from all sides
Not as many badly executed projects as not executed at all for years/decades because of political squabbles
I might be completely wrong in this tho
Why do you think it's faux wood
I also really like hockey
Since april 2016 we hardly take in any immigrants, almost every asylym requests gets turned away.
Mind you, it is not the only thing the current president did
But once I've been in some reddit thread about classrooms without windows
Oh cool, we've qualified
I enjoy more complex strategies and rpgs and I usually need to search in English walkthroughs and wikis or want to use English mods
I can't imagine living without it
We have four combinations
Himlhergot, I can't remember any
Just don't go to the pub in you mind the smoke?
It's like if we would point out on Tesco or Marks & Spencer, because they bought something our politicians offered them and made money from it
That Pirate Party is actually funny for me, here, they are the 3rd strongest party in the parliament
(and regular work in many other Slavic languages afaik)
So you say they are not only ∥, but they are ⋕?
I'm just saying that some children who lived through the war must have experienced some severe trauma during the occupation
In country with lowest unemployment in europe.
If so, I know where I’m headed after covid
Sometimes, you can hear some noises coming from the tunnels
A* defenestration
Because they will not water the plants
That could be a good and bad thing.
Prague is 2nd Amsterdam when it comes to drugs so....
See for example [1971 Bangladesh genocide] or catastrpophe caused by the [Two-nation theory] forced by Muslims in India.
A shit-sultan
IIRC people made a figurine of a witch/winter, threw it in a river and then burned it on a huge pyre
Hungary, Austria, Croatia more acceptable then we?
Dogs and cats must be all chipped and registered here
Or we will write some of them
If you have a surplus and use the money to pay some of the debt, the debt decreases, yes.
Because you weren't paying attention when the Firearms Directive was being passed
I want a food delivery company to have a drop point at us
Why does the government want to silence the "truth" about the shape of the Earth?
you can go to /r/ any European capital to see this.
You're definitely not matching them on literal meaning and it seems the usage is also different between different countries
Oh he is trying to
Hmm, a regular person
The alternative would be to go full Polish and instead of ž use zs, cz instead of č, etc.
There are few restaurants in Prague, but they are stupidly expensive and there are still many popular Japanese dishes we simply can't get here at all
and a super expensive highway vignette
Netherlands - Nizozemsko
They're afraid to put their weight on the flashing
Nope
and even invited me to her birthday party in the House of National Minorities which is the seat of the institution.
I sometimes feel that there is a no way to make country democratic
I guarantee you will feel it
I image it's simply down to exposure
For us, anyway
Nah
The [video] on spherical space is incredibly fun
It's different
Waiting times are crazy
Multiple of them, not a single one is the same in one household
I live in dorms and usually through summer holidays there are mostly foreign students and staff can't speak English that well, but they try
No u. I am not claiming him for a nation of which he very obviously didn't want to be part of
You can put a movie on and they'll be okay
[Bilateral relations]
Don’t buy trdelnik
The games Mafia and Mafia II are Czech games
And after being part of eastern block for 40 years, I believe it’s reasonable to be cautious when dealing with them
That's a great plus for us, poor motherfuckers
I remember reading an article a couple years back (it was in the Economist if I remember that correctly) about a phenomenon of countries which went on a quest to fight corruption, only to end up even lower on the corruption perception index because there were simply more scandals uncovered that before (which of course didn't mean that there were no scandals before, it was just that people didn't know about them).
Laszlo is a very gypsy name
It is a denomination for one of the 3 traditional parts of today's Czechia (but actually accounting for ~ 60% of the total area) but historically we were known as the Kingdom of Bohemia anyway
Who says I think splitting away from Austria was a good decision?
Chill out :)
The US has verry strict gun laws depending on State.
And it was banned during the socialist era
Basically everybody connected with monarchy was forgoten
Basically any slavic country except Poland
For example Oldřich Černík was the prime minister of Czechoslovakia from 8
They all signed the Moscow Protocol and then started the uneasy complicated period which ended by "normalization" but it was actually the maximum what was possible to achieve; there were much worse alternatives than Husák and Štrougal
I bough one in college and when I later went home and mentioned it my mom fished out one we had at home even though no one there is a coffe drinker
I have been learning european languages, history, culture, cuisine, geography, and politics since kindergarden
In Czechia eating horses would be probay the same as od someone ate a dog here
We broke all the no snow records this year
one way to look at it would be to look up a list of UNESCO heritage sites.
Although I did know Arma was
BTW how big is the difference between ś and š?
I use it all the time in English
I don't think they threw people out of the windows so that they could get some fresh air
They did have gun powder but they didnt really use it militarily that much
>(2) The Czech Republic shall observe its obligations under international law
Would a Czech or Pole been considered "good" or "bad" immigrant nowadays in the Nederlands?
A girl can't have a boys' name, a boy can't have a girls' name
They're not deal-shopping though.
Pičín, Řitka, Kozodírky, so beautiful names
[gumáky] in Czech
He's translated as Pytlík (little bag) here and I think nobody complains
I was thinking most people would write Zeman, but he's going to dissolve by himself
I think it's sort of changing with younger generations, but like my grandparents would still call anyone who gets up after 7am lazy, not noticing that they also fall asleep 6 hours earlier than us
And this problem is also starting to appear in schools and post offices, I know some people who teach at public schools and one of them said that throughout the last 5 years 8 teachers left and they only managed to hire 3 new ones
You definitely should
I always hear about Czech people not understanding Slovak, but I've never met any
I was thinking about the rest of EU, but damn Russia.
) its overpriced
That's actually quite surprising to me that you first realized that there are other currencies here in Czechia and not in your neighbouring country Sweden
or what is used in English)
It is much more passionate and erotic.
In general, antibiotics are pretty safe to use.
There should be a statue of that man
Also, if we had to keep grudge against every nation, whose armies either attacked or pillaged through our country, we wouldn't be speaking to almost any Europian nation
Definitely you can have higher limits for a short ride in a tube strapped to a seat compared to a regular train.
Thank you Germany for being our (by far) biggest economical partner
Regardless of what comes out of his mouth hahah
I like my light not at 4 am
Or you mean I know the lyrics
Prague would be at roughly the same place, people from sudeten border mountain areas would go into sudeten border mountain areas on the other side of the country
None
yes, and there is also a group "We want sea instead of Poland" :)
Actually English is known for separating meaning only by word stress
We have a populist party that's very successful, but I don't think they would really fall into the category you're talking about.
Ve have "měsíc" with lower case M for "natural satellite oribiting planet - like moon" and "Měsíc" with capital M for "Earth moon"
That would be a prety stupid standard.
did you even read the comment you replied to?
Nah, look at this table and the third column:
By your logic your country was "founded" somewhere mif 90s when you finally had a constitution
A [generic sunset] from The Witcher 3
Zeman and drinking in peace
Hello from Prague
This is pretty much current world politics.
(Czech: Pojďte pane, budeme si hrát)]
My son's pediatrician, she's a good doctor, she has almost 40 years of experience, but she is "pediatrician and homeopath". IDK
ANO supports whatever is good for Agrofert.
Tomáš - Tom
(From normal network, not expecting answer like Ford Escort from tuzex
Why Switzerland doesnt have minimum wage
He voluntarily exchanged Czechoslovak citizenship for German one, voluntarily joined NSDAP and SS and actively aided German war effort
Registering costs about 12 USD but they are discussing decreasing the cost as they might do away with cards got each gun as the whole system is getting simplified and more reliant on computers
Prague was the capital of HRE at the time with a plenty of artists, scientists, and occultists at the court
Helke medreeké nesedévej e peteke, ...
There's no word for that so we just read it as "and" but it can be called by its latin word (et) or English word (ampersand)
When I was younger I didn’t like most of Czech food, because it’s mostly veggie sauces, but the more older I am the more I love them, but there is stil one think I wouldn’t ever eat, Prdelačka- soup from blood
Prague is the most important city of the Balkans and also its center
It’s nice remnant from imperial times, these courses consist of learning classical and latin dances and etiquette
WHEN THE CRUSADES COME
There is a current joke on this topic:
Czech people love being grammar snobs, I don't think descriptivism is very accepted among the general public at this point
It’s possible but honestly most of the times I ride a train it’s quiet
Obviously you can go to expensive ramen bars in japan, but my point is there isn't really a cheap alternative here
After reading the other comments I am inclined to believe that they love this style of vacation and don't care much about money.
If you can go move to Norway and make the Slovak yearly wage in one month it becomes a lot less attractive.
Zvonkohra
The country's occupied by Nazis, but there is resistance, not least of which are para-dropped **literal assassins** aiming to take down the Butcher of Prague, the Blond Beast, the Hangman, one of the darkest characters among Nazis, an architect of the Holocaust, Reichsprotektor Reinhard Heydrich
I liked the exhibition about the uprising and communism in general though so that's why I recommended it
But Iam still for lootboxes
This way I never forget my keys when going out
Its the famous german humour
What
And for journalism, Martin Řezníček, no discussion
True, but i work in a field where people are used to working outside of regular work hours (tourism, hospitality)
Then you usually get thanked by the driver
The 30-years war would be best if it took place in Bohemia
O_o
It's a channel about Prague for tourists, but it's very interesting even for locals
Aka throughput vs latency
But this is just my perspective, perhaps I'm just missing the things that the Swedish government is doing to improve the situation.
Maybe modified to local conditions, it can work in France.
This should unite all the metalheads in Europe
However the original Czechoslovakia lasted for only 20 years before multi-ethnic composition of the state started causing trouble and we ended with big ugly Western knife in our back!
Got a license and then never used it either
I think I have almost 100% understanding of any text at this point and almost the same level with listening
Why Switzerland doesnt have minimum wage
They are doing it just to piss off Russians
All I'm trying to say is that there's always a way out, it's just quite a bit harder to get there (see: Kosovo war).
I'm mostly okay with it but some specific letters/words are weird
While I really like it, being a non-native speaker I was really excited when I first heard *éramos pocos y nació la abuela*. Really tore me into pieces
Rakousko-Uhersko
How do they enforce that
Same with us
Depends
Like, I don't know much about politics (I'm a teenage boy), but because of TV and news on the internet I think he is well overpowered
Anyway, even at this point, the status of a regular brings you certain priviledges
honestly, it almost seems like we will invade Iran in the next few years.
lidezbrna - totally uncivilized rednecks from a village
Fun fact when in a restaurant is "english vegetable" they mean mixed vegies boiled till the taste is unified.
Czech houses are usually Made out of concrete, but the ones in Austria are mostly wooden
nah, that's seems way too low, more like 28°C
I actually do
- source: the Australien Government
The gift shops look all the same and are on every single corner
The ECHR doesn't protect foreign politicians from getting sent packing back home.
"), yet every time Brno is mentioned in national news or reddit or elsewhere, the discussion is always full of Praguers making fun of Brno - and it's usually clear that the last time they were there was at least 20 years ago (when it indeed was much more shitty), if at all
I think moka pots are relatively common all over the place because they're quite cheap and basically indestructible
Agree, I actually support the space program for a bunch of reasons.
It's a good idea to question them about it and make them defend it, even if they are right (like in this scenario).
I would add the systemic sterilizarion of gypsies during the communist rule
So, instead to help parents to get faster to employment and support people to have kinds, the system encourage you to exact opposite.
I always thought in German the gender of brands is based on the gender of the product
I dont understand
shut the fuck up
>  Anne *Hidalgo*
I'll save OP the time, because he'd post to /r/IwantOut and it'd be me replying anyway:
Bohuslav/Bohumil - Bohouš
IIRC, in 22 years of my life, I have been abroad 14 times.
That's true, I just assumed that u/dsmid was specifically talking about "vyjmenovaná slova" - which is a list of words in the root of which the "y" is written
So for now they're just a regular province of Spain.
Oh its USA, its ok, nevermind
As education levels increased in less wealthy classes in recent centuries, so did their involvement in political decision-making
The knights who say
I remember when they apparently told themselves "Gotta hit the winter where she doesn't expect it
I am basing the percentages on the election results not polls although there's been very little change anyway
The main reason for their problems is fast growth of population.
Exactly
Like in English, you don't think it's weird that Jack can be a diminutive of Jonathan and Jacob and James
So you have more people working, older employees dont see any negative wage development, yet the average hourly wage went down .
It is similiar to German though, “jednadvacet” is pretty much directly translated from German: “einundzwanzig,” where, if you are describing a double digit number, you first write the number, that you would write second if you wrote numerally
Italian cars don't bother you if you don't have a seat belt
Ale to nic neznamená xd to reálně nikdy nikdo nepoužije xd
My dad told me in the 80s there were actually some American films playing in cinemas
Then it's off to the races as you conquer the world
Haha thanks :) that song was pretty funny, but really sad at the Same time .
Edit: Also Kroatien, and maybe more
It may have been possible to subvert Ukraine, in other means (as opposed to taking land), than let it go to the West.
I have nothing against believers who are kind, open and tolerant to other poeple.
I don't remember movies where they tried Czech really, only now I remember one single line in the last Spiderman when they were supposed to be in Prague and some extra told him in Czech that he dropped (the pivotal) glasses, but none of my friends understood her, we were just confused why this sentence wasn't subtitled and WTF and it took time to realize it was supposed to be Czech sentence
Wait
very popular, I can choose probably any direction from our place and within 10 minutes I will reach some place where smoking whatever you want is allowed (and smoking inside itself is officially banned for over 3 years)
And everybody say with me: "ZMRZLINA"!
They are awesome
All of them focused on what the authors considered to be the high point of the civilization in question, like a cross section of the whole society in a given point in time
Slovenian in general is somewhat harder to make out for us compared to Croatian for example
I can name and place all 50 with capitals and stuff
Don't forget that the neuter only group would be řekla jsme
The chancellor is shady guy, who is well known from his EU funds fraud, bribery and other
* Tickets are *very* rarely purchased from the driver (this is discouraged, you pay 25% more if you do), usually one has yearly ticket, or ticket from a wending machine, or from an app
I thought people will become more intelligent or aware of lots of things with all existing information in their hand, just few clicks away
Well, I am gonna anwser anyway
(no, seriously, have a mercy upon her battered soul and start acting like adults
Unfortunately, it did it and I wanted to cry
It's a depiction of a generic [non-existent] European city which fits as close as it can to European cities and possibly as far as it can to non-European cities
That's the first time I hear about this concept
And Master Splinter
"  -CZ
THere is horrid Yugoslavia wars revisionism ("why did the USA not help us kill the MOOSLIMS
Fault yanks all you want, but Americans know nothing about the outside world, let alone the Baltic states.
Some other possible misunderstandings that came to my mind are *chudý* which means "slim" in Slovak but "poor" in Czech so when a Slovak wants to compliment a Czech that they look "slim", they might accidentally call them "poor". Or Czechs may get excited when a Slovak casually mentions they've got *pivnica* ("cellar") at their home because *pivnice* means "pub" in Czech
Jeez, would this meme about us being some gun-loving nation just go away
A mostly includes full-autos)
Well OP tried to claim that knowing Irish is good because it's a rare language:
we are not talking about some earthquake or communist stricken spot
* EU wants to turn us into a new soviet union, leftist paradise where we will have to eat white babies or some shit
I wonder whyyy
But people like Ulbricht and Gomulka were eager to crush the reformists in fear of being ousted by similar movements at home
Then I turned 18 and stopped caring about it
Ernst Mach was born in village near Brno
Should used "beer mug broken over his head"
I'm currently in Rattay, the watch with Slavík mission, I picked up a armor, went to the guy and it said rep lost, and he went along the lines that I'm unprepared
Kaczynski seems to be pretty childish, he just rants against anyone who doesn't share his opinions and worldviews.
I never stopped reading English books, now I don't know which language was which book
Yes, the idea was that all the places are in one or another way representing something characteristic and monumental related to European identity or civilizational feats
You also pay some small fees that exist to prevent abusing of the system (e.g. 3€ per night staying in hospital, I think they already cancelled the 1€ per doctor visit, but I'm not sure)
"finally"
Hawaii was and independent state up to 1898, it was annexed
Spent a couple of months up there one Spring or late Winter I suppose, near Muonio in a nice little holiday village of wooden huts in the forest, skiing and sauna everyday
There are more different aspects to a political party than what they think about the EU.
but they were renovatig inside most of that time
We finally have glorious sea
>Where is the big difference
In our case, probably the whole written language (which is very seldom used in speech)
Everything is based on early birds being the norm here
It depends, human transport in Czechia loses money for Czech railways but cargo transport always makes a profit.
Also, probably not a plot hole, but 30 year war started in Prague, with Battle of White Mountain, where protestant armies (and bunch of mercenaries) were fighting against Austrian emperor and ended again in Prague, where those same protestants were fighting for Austrian emperor against Protestant Swedes
They can't pay rents and they borow money from them or other mafiosos.
I think we are under both Germany (till 1806) and A-H (since 1806).
We have a game called dostihy a sázky (horse races And bets) And its like monopoly But with horses
In Tunisia my very pale skin and fair hair got a lot of attention.
Any citizen can move to another EU country (or even non-EU country) at any moment
That's cause everybody can get away with paying us pennies and bread crumbs.
Quite important, if you ask me
All are much better
So, since I was planning to travel pretty much all around the country, when I was packing, I was considering taking my winter clothes
We have the same thing in czech - pán for men and paní for women
You forgot the mamba who killed a woman in Prague - Hlubočepy last year
If you mean the general public then Czechs aren't so politically correct; it's mostly: gypsies, tanned,
And one of the things annoying me in say central Vienna is that all shops are really small
And let's not even pretend that "Eastern Europe" isn't a negative attribute in the English language
By going with a local guide and keeping your group small, you limit that perception of being a tourist.
Oh yeah, Czech republic for the win <3
We would be minority under votes of france and germany
also r/UsernameChecksOut
I have Russian wife
Some  of  the  opponents  of  the  US  Constitution  insisted  that  it  would never work;  that  a  republican  form of government spanning a  land  with  'such  dissimilar climates,  economies,  morals,  politics,  and peoples,'  as  Governor  George  Clinton of New York  said,  was  impossible;  that  such  a  government  and  such  a  Constitution,  as  Patrick  Henry of Virginia declared,  'contradicts  all  the  experience  of the  world'.
Most of people there were students going to Iron Maiden in Prague
Yea boiii
If you want to play it make sure you support the byzantines whenever you can
And why are we talking in English
Why should we still be under your rule?
Acoording to my compass we are North, as we are north of Austria.
**Slovene/Serbo-Croatian-Montenegrin-whatever:** When written I can understand about half or little below that of what is written, so usually I can get the general meaning but the details might get lost on me or might be inaccurate
The only bad thing is that old people will suffer because they can't keep the same retirement benefits due to a smaller tax base.
If would be nice to host if the Olympic Committee allowed multiple countries to host together, like it sometimes happens with the Euro cup.
Ájm hepy ded vý hev sač en ekscelent kandydejt for prezident of d juropyjen komyšn. Martin Šulc hez aur ful saport
As much as I'm making fun of it, I don't hate the city
You might want to visit Italy
lol czechia is the country where most beer per capita is consumed, and basically everyone has at least tried beer before 18
Troll A - TIL
Probably, but Swedish radio will likely map what is happening in Sweden.
(in your country's language and English)
Just because he's dead doesn't mean he deserves a tiny ounce of respect.
However that's absolutely not comparable to the situation that our secret services were in before 89.
Really depends on the cashier
They're only there to tunnel, after all, so they don't have a fucking clue how to actually govern shit)
Majority of people voted for him, and even the recent polls show his high popularity
Vitaly Milonov is so absurd, that you can't even believe it
Czech here, I doubt we are as severe as our far northern neighbors, but I would wager that we are still pretty socially
I Czech it’s kočka :)
Expecting our parliament will use some stupid version of implementation and will blame EU for it
I actually do
I sure wish we had more space for wildlife and natural ecosystems somewhere, but I'm not an outdoorsy kinda person myself
>should we push them south this time
It's the most industrial location in Czechia, of course it's ugly and cold
The term fascist has already been deprived of most of its meaning, usually serving only to accuse far-right politicians with very few connections to the actual ideology of Benito Musollini *et alii*.
An EU in NATO would stop a lot of Trump supporters bitching.
Sweden, are you ok
You could also take some time recording the languages and scripts of the time for us
Someone call  27°C heat
The first two verses of Karel Hynek Mácha's poem Máj, translated as "May". It's an introduction of the first may being the time of love, though the rest of the poem is sad
we know what they did to *kolace*
He was kept captive in his guard booth until morning, and the whole time he had no idea what is going on
It is sad, but it's understandable
(thousands going there, plan to do a tunnel and shit like that)
Máš za zadkem černocha
Maybe
Yeah but that's probably not a Czech invention
I am proud of this country
But recent events should turn the meaning completely around
When higher quality food here is standart in Germany and standart here is lesser quality than in Germany but cost around same as standart in Germany while average wage here is half of minimum wage in Germany makes it hard to not buy shitty products here.
Ask a poor person what's better:
For example in far-right party that often attack gypsies verbally
that's really insensitive man
I still don’t why I enjoyed it so much given the fact I was totally lost for 80% of the show
No, she isn't - unfortunately, because she's quite hot.
Of course if you want to call them in the hallway, you can say "Sir teacher [surname]
or strong earthquakes
Maybe not the most important, but elections could use some
I like the one we have, though the old Bohemian style [flag] would be cool too
(LOL btw our former and present presidents still deny CC and GW))
Never been there, but Im sure this music plays there on repeat
Nokia brand was still very powerful, so had it played its cards right, we'd have three competing operating systems and large tech companies today instead of just Plague (Apple) and Pestilence (Google)
I have read the comments below and i STILL don't get what this map is supposed to show...?
TBH I have absolutely no idea why some czech magazines have to use the -ova crap (přechylování in czech) when writing about foreign women.
But I've only been to the park, not any cathedral
[Yep]
* **Letná:** You probably live here if you work in PR or marketing and want to live in a peaceful neighborhood, where not everybody works in PR or marketing
Nobody needs to be hold by western hand, but you can't change the whole society within decade.
Felt such patriotism for my own country
I'm old
Just saying the factors that I see as to why I'm not huge on this idea of EU army without the US
Of course he spoke mostly german
Do I see padrones
If vegetarians love animals so much, why do they eat their food?
It is terrible, thanks for asking
It's probably too late to really do anything
0 in year 1917 (exactly one century ago, hehe)
But you guys don't want that
I don't care about any sport, especially football and hockey.
Czech is definitely not one of those tho, I think vowel-heavy languages sound way cooler
If I had to choose, I would probably go for Czech one, seems like the less boring option
Car insurance is also mandatory (if you have a car, obviously).
[This] is the kind I'm talking about
What do you know
The average life expectancy is that low because children's death were very common
Monaco and Indonesia are as they are supposed to be.
We’re tied to a small protestant church, so there are some differences from the “proper” scouts
Damn that’s right
Yeah the state pension is similar to what we got here I think
Atleast that's what my teacher in HS said.
As it is in Canada (who switched in '65 I think
It's not that easy, I can't imagine learning math in one long run from easiest concepts to the brink of human knowledge.
There's a single Slovak meal that I've eaten in my whole life and that's halušky
Castle Houska was built on crack in the mountain because they thought It's entrance to hell
Let's make a movie about independence war or civil war and ruin it completely
) reign was also good
We went on a trip and there's an unexpected AC yaaay
That's interesting, what's your language
The characters english keyboard has there are written with rAlt
The thing is you could eternally argue subdivisions until you'd end with one that has Limburg being a different part of the planet than Brabant
We value our freedom, people from other countries value protection even if it comes at the cost of their freedom
The presidential election is this year
To be honest, I really don't get your attitude.
I'm not exactly a military genius here.
Thinking of renting a car for a higher good
But on total Poland has a net income from the EU.
So far it's been a really good time there
Even those people who don't eat mushrooms will go out and scavenge
Volumes have been written about how a single porn episode can seriously damage a woman's later life; suicides are not uncommon
Finland
not so much the Balkan countries as I am not that familiar with them and so don't feel quite as confident defending them
> Stabbing somebody requires you getting up close
Don’t give in
They as indeed delicious
[Germans are not chubby] as the stereotype tells.
Imho people really dislike catholic church.
" (pronounced more like "fak") means "really
Every country is run by a not-entirely-controllable critical mass of people that inspire others for the better or worse and influences the public sentiments and actions
I meant more of their population than their political representation.
Because as you said, IQ doesn't mean shit
More than 50% of Czech private companies offer 5 weeks of paid vacation, some (especially in Prague) offer 6 weeks.
I really like the name Artyom, which is from Russia, so the kid would get weird looks here in Czech republic
400 m² is not that big
Young people see future in investment to technologies or just use national money in other sectors than social.
Anyway, it's absolutely despicable
they are shooting their own foot with every second decision regarding foreign policy.
Russia never ceases to amaze you
Just people are talking more bullshits than usual.
3D printing retro
Not even Ireland
> ‘maatje’.
It keeps coming up
Yeah
I think that a lot of the dislike of muslims comes from their culture, not terrorism
Valmala IT
A Czechperson who is a vegetarian
We have a long-standing (pun intended) tradition of Jídelna where you can buy traditional czech foods for low price but you have to eat it standing on a high table or on a window table
Kalamita
But FIAT made a killing on the first Panda
At least the beer is good and cheap
Hello from the Czech Republic
no, they paid me in Kalashnikovs
Holy shit I completely forgot this vid existed.
I remember that translating our country name was needed at some point
Everybody in higher tiers will look down on you
Because up until now, the video *was actually unavailable* in my country, or at least the version of it which people usually used for rick rolling
After some talks lady came and covered for us lel
Our former president Havel together with many others despised the name and prefered *Česká republika*/the Czech Republic, other people still use *Čechy* (Bohemia) instead.
Actually, I think that in modern times, Munich is not that important anymore.
Yes, as I didn't find any czech reply, I shall give mine
My favourite celebration
Not really possible to count
Holding it might, when you are a woman and your male colleagues are sniggering behind your back watching you on Pornhub; that really does wonders for the working environment
Nobody cares about anyone's hair
u = next to
On the other hand, I wonder if this is going to reach more mainstream news and the anti-eu nutjobs start to share 'OmG  Eu BaD CeNsOrShIp' posts
There are vipers but they have not killed anyone in decades, they have a comparatively mild venom
They can gamble for free
Are you mad because your car got burned yesterday?
I would add [Karlštejn] [Hluboká] and [Lednicko - Valtický areál ] which are pretty popular aswell though to a lesser degree
*Edit:* u/KahootGer3, you have commited crimes against r/AskEurope *and her people by completely rewriting your comment in this thread
My English must suck too much to tell the difference between *swear* and *pledge*, it sounds like exactly the same thing to me, but I stand corrected and edited my post.
I saw it
I don’t remember when have I stopped browsing the internet in my mother language
A lot of people pepper it again on the plate.
I was only there as a tourist with a group a few years ago, so I don't remember that much but it was interesting
I will preface this with the fact that I hate creating multiple-tiered reply-arguments, but you set me up for this one and I feel like I should respond
A few scenes later, he complains that he can’t see anything because of that plastic wrap
I did some research afterwards
Eventuálně - at some instance in Czech
I don't wear sandals, socks or not and never been in Croatia by car or bus
If you are basing European-ness on relevancy, you can dismiss half the continent, including Italy.
We had naval battle on Baikal and WON
Here in the czech republic we have kofola, a cola with herbs
It's in Czech too: je mi to buřt.
You can either use it friendly or as an insult
I support a ban on Yanks trolling in /r/AskEurope
Man, the UK is picking small countries that will get Boris' attention and we're not even on that list?
So they've applied this law and now these masks should cost maximum of 175 Kč (6,50 euro, made in EU) and 350 Kč (13 euro, made outside of EU)
It makes me go: You should learn it, so you can understand it fully
Communism and Nazism
Fresh vs
* **Karlín:** Something like Žižkov, but without the charm and pubs
And absolutely nobody minds about it.
Charlotte De Witte
I understand that, but my point is that we're not blocking the rest of Europe from going in that direction.
We were winning against against motherfucking Crusaders with just farmers, some nazi punks are nothin'! /s
* Kyoto
My pistol can be used for self-defence carrying as well as sport
Czechia was manufacturing heart of Habsburg empire, with practically the same wealth and culture compared to Austria proper, while Slovakia was very poor rural country similar to Eastern Poland or Russia.
We, Czechs, love making fun of what you did to your word for car
But when you wreck a hightech train and kill few people
If Putin is LF, then Le Pen is more like Lysa.
according to the latest census, there is 864 neopagans in the whole country of 10 000 000 people, so 0,0081706%
Yeah, its actually illegal to hunt with pistols and revolvers here, you need to have a long gun with at least 1500J energy at 100m IIRC
(In site - V Síti) All predator faces are blured but eyes and mouth
For instance completely leaving out the idea of central Europe is way too broad and in the end it's basically the equivalent of saying someone from a Swiss village is the same as person from Arctic Norway
Hence, all grade schoolers now have to at some point memorize the list of words perfectly and it's a big part of their evaluation
Belgium especially
Oh, so there's no point in traveling anywhere outside Dublin within Ireland, right?
Not [exactly] but we were doing fine.
Other countries have inferior potassium.
As a child I loved books from Finish author Hannu Mäkelä about Mister Hoo( *Herra Huu* /  *Herra Huu saa naapurin*  /  *Herra Huu muuttaa* )
Aviation museum is a more or less scrapyard with some exceptions like first jet fighter Messerschmitt Me 262.
Of course some innocent people were also marked as collaborators and vice versa
In conclusion, not as interesting as many pagan holidays mentioned in this thread, but really important for the Czechs
But well, I studied political science, so my interest is probably off average
Since that day, even though only for a short time, I believed English is the same as Czech, since they talked Czech (dubbing) and said if he understands "anglicky", so she obviously said it in English and it sounded exactly as Czech and I didn't really met English yet
They are completely outdated and out of touch
European Union, the map of Europe and Germany for some reason
B which requires a cheap shall-issue permit (required by the EU)
I was talking about draught beer
Every country from Austro-Hungarian empire be like
"Vycucat si z prstu" - to suck (something) out of one's littlefinger - as in where am I supposed to get that
["I bet it feels huge in this hand."]
Lmao
The only reason I own an iron is because my friend gave hers to me saying she was probably never gonna use it again
Here they have to do it when they are 65, then 68 and then every two years
Sadly, the poeple you want in politics mostly dont want to be there and vice versa
Well, they will understand "cucumber time" but probably slightly different
So when we think something won't work, we shouldn't object and just wait to be proven right with the sole purpose to make our point or what?
if the cop die on the job here, it is most likely traffic accident or suicide
I think that a lot of the dislike of muslims comes from their culture, not terrorism
(We've also had debates about [some of those] I think municipalities should decide what to do based on consulting the citizens, but also independent historians and art scholars
That's the Bohemian lifestyle I guess, hh
Dunno why but Jára Cimrman was completely removed from our history
I don't perceive those people to be inferior
lack of education and self-reflect?
realistic/conservative question, rather than a strict left vs.
how outgoing are the people of your country?
But I don't blame people he has very good persuation, communication and manipulation skills
Oh, I almost forgot the GCHQ
Adding Czechia to Germany would be honestly more insulting for me also Slovakia to Hungary would do more damage to be honest
5 hours to get there with public transport and it has quite good train and bus connections and it is still quite far from the borders
[The hungarian ethnicity corresponded pretty much with modern day Hungary (except Transylvania)]#/media/File:Hungarians_in_Hungary_(1890).png).
For that, you have our thanks
Czech leanguage is hard to pronounciation, so when we say Czechia it's not too hard for us
Official slovak (writing etc.) was inspired by official czech during national revival movements.
Also, cheers to all fans of high taxes downvoting my original comment - no matter anyone's opinion I've been working my ass off for most of my adult life to make money primarily for myself and my family and also for our employees; definitely not for good feeling from paying high taxes.
larger systems are harder to keep together
Plenty of them are proud to be called that.
You miss out on big city events and entertainment.
Yeah, I started around 14 with vodka, joined with beer at 16
Non-alcoholoc beer, gotta start off easy.
Summer
The beer culture is strange in a way that, up to certain amount, drinking beer is not considered "boozing", and I heard, and have the experience that Czechs generally tried to avoid conflicts, even under the influence (unless they had way, way too much) even more physicall ones
Add Spanish after work as I learn it, and you will understand why I often sound weird speaking Czech
Post 2010 are from okay to suppa (except Kemama, papa bless cancelation of 2019
a pint of Heineken for €7
Yes
To avoid busy roads I would have to use a different path that goes up a very steep hill (like one of the few in the city) and showering at work is not possible
It is global economy - scams and manipulation
> > while it's a great feat being/becoming the embodiment of the contemporary taste/fad, it's only that
We elected him in a purely democratic way
It is, but never saw someone enforcing it
This trend must finally come to an end.
That sounds like a lot for such a small island
Ah, that reminds me the time when we pillaged the polish capital so hard they had to move it
I don't think Vienna was very big at the time though
Don't speak to me your weirdos, I don't know you
As for why the roles are divided like that, I think the main idea is that the president should be someone less controversial, who isn't an active member of a particular political party and gives the people a sense of unity and wisdom (at least in theory)
z - from
It indeed took a Herculean effort to read all those reviews of 2016's Anthropoid without getting a hernia, what with half of them starting by calling the operation "obscure" and "unknown" and ending by concluding that "the movie reminds us that Auschwitz and the beaches of Normandy weren't the only places affected by WWII".
Sure
Just no, especially not to mass murderers like Stalin and Lenin
What you're describing is [execution by falling]
And it will still take very long to change
But for humans the gut bacteria from dead bodies that gets into drinking water or crops can cause severe poisoning
Jů ken definitly help wid dét.
Yes
And today, the Russian troll who pretends to be Czech president is not commemorating this at all - instead, he is meeting with the leader of the Communist party
I would really like to see at least some change because the current network is just disappointing
One of my best friends is a guy
Cologne
The word robot to be precise, we won't claim it whole :-)
Unless it's cold outside
OK never mind, imagine buying salami or cheese, you do this thing up there
Or maybe some other with people arguing with Soviet soldiers, like [this one]
Talking about Starbucks I bought few across countries
your loss
How on the earth 3 people can eat for that amount
Therefore the wellbeing of other EU countries should be your concern too
Definitely not traditional food as it’s presented
Trust me, me neither
In fact, the only slightly awkward conversations I've had with someone abroad about history were with Russians
Surely those people got fair and public trial as required by the 5th, 6th and 7th Amendment?
Or 8, if I don't count that some varieties are listed in 2 different sizes/packagings
> Le instead of lo/la and vice versa
It's not as far-fetched as selling it in a country that's 1000 km away.
I cannot believe someone actually came up with this bullshit.
So clearly the Holocaust was not genocide.
I don't know about his city but in Brno there is a large underground created by connecting cellars of the houses and it were used for storage in middle ages
Forever
Benefits portal where you waste money for things you don't want because you don't like gym and cinema
French, for example, react badly if they don't hear "Bonjour". You don't have to adjust to every local idiosyncrasy in every country
Then, it's put in a box with other papers and things of family value like old report cards or letters only to be found later by accident.
Czech lawmakers described the rules as anti-Semitic, and discrimination against "the only democracy in the Middle East". Israel's ambassador Gary Koren thanked the parliament for its decision
We have 90 empty beds ready with lung ventilations
Needless to say that I had trouble getting up the second day
Isn't Germany "the promissed land" especialy for "eastern europe"
It is like you have a friend to show you around.
If every good brain would be going away, your country would go to shit and certainly stop allowing you to leave.
I also have some binoculars from my great uncle who used them to look for u-boats when he was captain on a ship in the British merchant navy on the Russian convoys - Carl Zeiss, bloody German binoculars
He is always watching, waiting.
Byl jste někdy v Budějovicích
Muslims are a negligible minority of migrants
complete silence, always
Both
Czechoslovakia, a country in the middle of Europe, with no access to sea, has 100% naval battle winrate
The state decided what movies will be allowed in cinemas or tv, what music will be released etc
I have never understand (and probably never will) the difference between dinner and supper
But I'm sorry to hear that
The less of violent crime
Mountains, money, cheese, sense of humor
There was a poll the other day, 75% of Czechs find the name stupid.
And I never buy things before planning out how much I am willing to spend.
Maybe "a dost"? I guess we could use that too
This one is not about not caring about something specific, it's about not caring in general
Ant-fucking about the tiny differences between neighbours is the pastime of people who never left their village
grabbed the tickets and left
Screw Euro and federalisation
You're in a bar, you're enjoying your beer, when you hear that one of your friends got in a fight with some shady looking guy.
Germany or Ireland don't even come close
This is one hell of a good analysis
>like the same sports
Kids after 1 month of quarantine be like:
Northern Europe (Norway, Iceland, Finland, Sweden Estonia and maybe Denmark)
Definitely Slovak (partly from immigration, partly from similarity)
I feel like we could have a better anthem
Would be cool to get back there i guess :)
Estonia: Long summer evenings in the old Tallinn
Howitzer is derived from houfnice because they were used against crowds (houf) of enemies
I would like to thank Slovakia and all the Slovaks for not disowning us after the split like a bad father we essentially were
Yep, it’s called Winiary, if you ever go to Poland definitely try it, it’s really good
Hospodarske Noviny have a quality journalism, but controversial owner
Spain: Two seaside double weekends by sea with a summer camp in the 1990s. Nothing that special, but I liked one of the girls
You have better ask him, when US will return Florida to  Seminole nation
That's why I say technically
(When the discussion is getting close to logic
Is it ok, to speak Czech in Slovakia, or should I try my best to speak Slovak, or just avoid them and speak English
Which is so sad
Similar with people who don't understand English in general
I would say the [Czech tramping culture] which also is kinda connected to the [Czech kutilství (DIY culture)] (which is not as unique as the tramping but the whole DIY mindset is more common here than in other countries I've been to)
People living in Prague and other big cities, even when coming from areas where other dialects are spoken, often eventually adopt this one, same us foreigners who live among Czechs
The minister of interior (police) was changed in January 1969
Let them handle their own problems.
Tbh not only 2012, I still hear it blast from the radio sometimes
Oh yes, the socialist dystopia which americans are so afraid of :D
But I find it problematic to say that you refuse to accept certain values the European Union was founded on, but you are happily accepting the money.
Can I get a pog in the chat
I even set up couple filters for all the US election stuff on the front page.
I'm glad that nothing about the treaty changes and if the Dutch don't like it, then it should be possible to simply exclude Netherlands and have the treaty apply only between Ukraine and the rest of the EU countries.
Bread with something (it's often refered as such), usually with jam or honey for a sweet snack, and ham and cheese, pate, various spreads, mustard, or just salt for salty snack.
You guys have a lot of history with it as Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was a major Eastern European power
I find Austria-Hungary to be a better source for EU to learn from, as similarities are staggering.
And -ča for girls
There is one castle, that is built to defend things from going out, not inside
I vote for a more central location
I'd rather point to the official map:  (and in general
The only place where snow is cute is on the roofs and maybe behind fences (but fences in Prague
0 and about a trilion dollars ?
My friend lives in the tornado alley and showed me some photos
People had serbian flags at the home game
When starting grammar school the teacher mentioned
Covid is now way worse than in june, though
are you trying to provoke a civil unrest
Historically he comes from Asia Minor of course
It's more like Russians are used to it.
What PiS is doing is just too amateurish and they will be undone after the next elections by the laws and procedures they helped created.
Born 1971, Czechoslovakia
There is some shit talking and lot of jokes about Prague people, but no actual hate.
To be honest, this phrase is at least one hundred years old
Uhm, never heard of a pile of hay
I love fruit dumplings and other sweet main dishes, such a comfort food
I had a professor go on and on and on about how she much she argued about it with Austrians when she lived there in the 1990s, that was awkward
You're not responsible for what other Polish people do.
Only in a limited fashion
Or any other language, frankly
souds like Kristelnacht beta
Nice move
I am, on contrary, not aware of any country banning the communist party.
It doesn't really work like that here, everyone has the same basic insurance which is mandatory, the services don't differ
This and Bataclan attack are examples of that
May no country be under Russia's thumb ever again
Though I haven't really studied this topic that much, so I'm not sure whether there is enough reliable studies proving that homosexual couples have the same results in raising a child as heterosexual couples.
time to go for popcorn
Nice
Here, some spaghetti with ketchup and grated edam to make you forget that.
Just to make it clear, this proposal is not supposed to change any of the legal requirements that one needs to fulfill to be able to buy a gun.
If half of the country wants the same-sex marriage to be legal and the other half wants it to be banned completely, then I'd say unions/partnerships are the compromise, which display a balanced solution to a population split on an issue
If you’re really brave and would like to try to say it, this could help you: [ˈtr̝̊ɪsta ˈtr̝̊ɪt͡sɛt ˈtr̝̊ɪ ˈstr̝̊iːbr̩niːx ˈstr̝̊iːkat͡ʃɛk ˈstr̝̊iːkalo pr̝̊ɛs ˈtr̝̊ɪsta ˈtr̝̊ɪt͡sɛt ˈtr̝̊ɪ ˈstr̝̊iːbr̩niːx ˈstr̝̊ɛx]
* William the Conqueror = Vilém Dobyvatel
Can confirm, girl from a class is using it as filler word and I always stop for a sec when I overhear her saying it
The same here
chamois = "koza turystyczna"
Totally normal
The point is, the porn is often humiliating itself (often by design)
So for example Japan in football, whoever is the underdog in the ice hockey matches and so on
They're a newspapers owned by a site called [seznam
As long as those pieces of shit are deported I'm happy.
Sounds like a dumb idea, but there was reason for the ban - people would buy a beer or two when leaving the pub at ten (when they had to close at the time) and drink them in the streets
Sounds like the standard operating procedure when you step on a mine: jump 30 feet into the air and scatter yourself over a wide area
We also have a lot of green stuff
But constitution just states president do it, and he argues that there is no time limit and that there isn’t written he has to do it
Ebin :-------(
I got the experience from the other side - once I was in U-Bahn in Germany talking to friends in Czech and a German came by and said "Strč prst skrz krk" - which is the most famous and super hard Czech tongue twister
Raulio IT
It is an honor to be on this list
Maybe it's because I'm in different circles than most of the Czechs, but everyone I know personally despise racism.
She must be happy to ruin her own life.
German soldiers did participate on a small scale (capturing border posts, logistics support, liaison at the operation command)
* Škrt plch z mlh Brd pln skvrn z mrv prv hrd scvrnkl z brzd skrz trs chrp v krs vrb mls mrch srn čtvrthrst zrn
The overall view is more or less negative due to most visible is traffic police creating traps or catching for small speeding on empty highway etc....
It is not my field of interest, but I've heard people whos field of interest it is, and they insist that saying "US civil war was about slavery" is oversimplification
The names of the children were mentioned on the old version of the identity cards
To quote:
Well
France: A week long stay on a cottage of an old family friend in the Pyrenees, visiting local historic sites
Just like the overwhelming majority of political leaders everywhere in the world
Andrej Babiš invites Slovaks to Czechia
I hope I didn't just offend anyone :D (Also my grandma comes from Ukraine and calls them pelmeni, so IDK
Trump should hire the pranksters to build The Wall(tm).
So was Ottokar II
I mean, I'm afraid that most Czech have at least heard about this on the news, but they would agree
somehow knowing what is the day doesn't make my shit anyhow better
What do you mean by “accent”? :D We are those without any xd
I mean it sucks, as would any large fire, but I don't really … care
That's what we are going to experience
>Obviously Swedish people comes in all shapes and colours and sizes
Yeah, I love this one
They are romantic/soap opera (Rosamunde Pilcher, Danielle Steel)
* civilians are suffering because war
We are cunts
Tell us about your national and family traditions and customs of the Christmas Day/Eve.
First thing in my mind: Nowy Targ
And then there is C-uhlík, Na-sodík, Mg-hořčík, Al-hliník, Si-křemík, Ca-vápník, Fe-železo, Cu-měď, Ag-stříbro, Sb-antimon, Au-zlato, Hg-rtuť, Pb-olovo, and other minor changes
I love living here
I can't say for certain, but this is what I found on Wiki.
Why the fuck would anyone choose the bitter rotten piss that is beer when cider, wine, and all these other low-alcoholic drinks exist
Language purists were partially successful: official language was reverted to early 1600s form (this is why official form may sound unnatural today), and radical proposals were abandoned
cz] one can use them for hiking in the middle of Africa or in Pamirs
But his actions weren't reported beforehand, so the president's office got charged with a fee
Germany
The word also accidentally resembles our word *čekej* ("Wait
(he fall down but the player didn't even touch him)
I've seen enough examples of people making this argument for why they're voting for him to be quite certain it's not just isolated cases but a good number of people
I've had a fried tentacle once, wasn't bad
hehe
In Czechia, one of two variants (arguably not the one parents use with children) is "Do you have a pole(1) in your ass
There's also pheasants which are eaten during hunting season - they're pretty good although they tend to be pretty dry
Nope
It's like flat earthers but it kills children instead of humiliating yourself
edit: I can bet 500 dollars someone blamed refugees, somewhere, in a facebook comment or [Novinky
The same problem were Czech gypsies emigrating to Canada and requesting asylum there.
AfD does not have the potential to get #2 in germany.
(pre)resident of Czech republic - asshole who sends personal letters with best regards and best wishes every time communists and fascists have their yearly gatherings, he openly legitimizes their actions
What is SVC
Also "Máš v prdeli větvičky
I think they hanged him first
Yep, just look at this whole thread.
Can act as riot police but also a bit like Spetsnaz, similar to Germany's GSG9 who do counter terrorism, OMON was used a lot in Chechnya
Are you guys gagging when you see a loli in an anime or something
You can say that starting from e.g.
Granted, it was super stupid (we were probably 15) and inappropriate, but certainly not worthy of a beating
If my name is Pepa Novak, I want to be addressed as such, not Novak Pepa and I shouldn't be forced to malform my name in the official forms.
Ever hear of a most wanted list?
Because of lethal weapon - smrtonosná zbraň.
Wouldn't be czechs without complaining all the time but still not actually doing anything to change it.
Last time I saw a lot of people wearing it, at least in Prague
“ instead of the Bohemian „Jakje
Or at least a memorial
Generally it's words with the "th" sound, words with "rl" in them and words with more than one r in somewhat close proximity
But I fear that is just the nature of school in the end
Pérák's modus operandi was also rather similar to those the Assassins: jumping from the height, killing a nazi officer with a razor, and vanishing
It should be explained, that 26% of people haven't specified nationality as it's not required during census.
But you cannot get those sweet sweet EU subsidies for a currently existing solution.
Just make sure you don't choose the DCC option, always get charged in Czech Crowns
The people didn't tell me anything because of language barrier
First you said there were no soviet agents, once presented with abundance of contrary evidence, you start arguing random semantics
It's not that you can really "not know how to iron", but it's fucking pointless for most people
And why should the employee ask you why you need a shotgun
probably polish or slovak since we have a lot of people here from there
In Czech it's making a camel out of a mosquito, and it doesn't rhyme
Brno dialect is similar to german
but our cuisines are very similar and we took a lot of the dishes
I personally prefer the so called Australian solution: deploying the army to protect the sea border, towing back boats, deporting all "refugees" to a remote non-European camp until they can go back to their country.
The Auschwizt camp, to remember that cultural heritage aren't only things we would like to have
It is still readable though
Nordic countries frequently top the rankings in ease of doing business, they are very capitalist albeit with high levels of redistribution and strong welfare state
I think Rumsfeld primarily meant the new NATO member states that supported the Iraq war (i.e.
However there are also children who legally could be adopted, but aren't simply because of their age or ethnicity.
It's artifically made story intentinally fulled by some neo-nazi and populist scumbags.
I suppose ruling monarch names are much more likely to be translated
Also visiting girls with a willow stick (pomlázka) on Easter Monday
But maybe I just didn't pay any attention to them
Je vais déverser ma fureur partout sur toi, et tu vas t'y noyer.
He also has a brother who is in the Christian democratic party and who is quite the opposite of him
If God exist that is completely different maybe he does or maybe he doesn't. But question about religion and God goes back into history my personal favorite is “Live a good life
Romania: Mountain hike over Hargita and Caliman with friends, getting lost there in a funny way
They keep their money here, they educate their children here, they buy property here, they invest here...
It's a fish, so tradition stands, but unlike carp it's tasty
Huh, never thought of it that way.
The _don't know_ bracket is interesting to me, what makes such differences?
Sadly the city is being besieged by chinese tourists in the past years, so it basically became a theme park
Polish: Szukat = To look for something
AC is not common at homes here
I dont hunt so i dont really know that law
I mean, kinda
*awaits for a redditor with Germany flair to say "Why, yes Russia.
Then extend it for month
I understand it’s beautiful, well-maintained, and rich, but I feel like I don’t belong and that I can see more of what it has to offer in neighbouring countries
Aside from few people from my mothers side of family I have never met religous person and that is the case for most people.
not sure if proud of but we have Wolfdog, [Czechoslovakian Wolfdog] reason behind this cross breeding was to create a German Shepherd who will not be such a pussy
LET'S TRUST IN OURSELVES
Holy shit, the last time I was here it was Czechoslovakia
People have always imitated and developed other people's works and ideas
Why would Czechoslovakia, the Soviet Union's **ALLY** need to negotiate that
Slovakia is famous here for Halušky, cheese and recently TatraTea, also for Wild animals coming across the border
Maybe people would hate Europhiles less If the were less smug, but dunno.
I’d like to thank Slovakia for the beautiful Tatra mountains and being together with us for a long time, Germany for trading with us, Poland for cheap sweets and mayonnaise and Austria for Alps
I get the same in Czechia for 12
So are traditions relating to Masopust and Máje
Godfather is *kmotr*, godmother is *kmotra*, godson is *kmotřenec*, and goddaughter is *kmotřenka*.
And immigration to France from muslim countries was always rather substantial.
I particularly like the nuance of some of the adjectives and descriptives
Can confirm that it is not a thing here
Stvůra a nestvůra jsou v podstatě totéž.
East tends to be more conservative and anti EU
Curiously, one guy was killed by a crocodile in 2010, but that was probably a pet, since we don't have any wild ones
We've come full circle
of course they do their part, but terrorism well existed 100 years ago
Coming into Europe is a privilege that can be taken away with no justification at all.
Russia does a really good job at confusing people
Czech: Šukat = to fuck something
"LOL dat hairs
What say you in your defence
Defenestration is not an execution method
No, but it was the capital for the longest period of time out of all the capitals
My bad
Switzerland
Yeah, but most of what you consume is consumed in Prague
However, by far the ugliest in my opinion is [the New Stage of the National Theater] I hate it so much and the fact that I drive by it nearly every week doesn't help
They have since repeated this several times.
Quite a lot of Austrians, especially from around Vienna, have got Czech surnames because a lot of Czechs moved there for work in the Habsburg times (as well as other nations from all of the monarchy)
I know it would be super weird to have that name in Czech Republic ok
This guy got elected, and later he turned out to be gypsy holocaust denier
I admit, I'm not the biggest fan of ramen
10 CZK - cheapest beer including bottle deposit
There are 2 in my 100k city, but neither is very popular
Also in a recent scandal a Prague city councilwoman was found to have made porn videos when she was younger
[With rose hip sauce or with sauerkraut
cz] post or somewhere
In my country voting is not obligated and I think that is the best possibility.
> The only part I'm sure about is that it's purely Putin coz Yeltsin's administration supported Georgian territorial integrity
My grandma was putting it in canned food and she used to grow it on her garden also
When I hear them speak Czech, I just feel like hugging them and telling them it's all gonna be okay.
But that can be said about any concrete-box building from the 20th century
I participated in a symbolic re-enactment the death march of Brno Germans (Versöhnungsmarsch); near the end of the 30 km walk, there were some protesters against the  event, mostly elderly Commies shouting stuff like "go back to the Reich" and "shame" at us
Czech folklore has a combination of Slavic and Germanic beings, possibly even some early Celtic influences (especially with the vodník and how it sometimes appears as a horse)
A ground that makes most people least unhappy
Speaking is easier, writing at least half-decently is way, way harder
Brno and sometimes Ostrava, even though Brno is usually called a shithole etc
* Edvard Beneš
One could bend steel with cheekbones like hers though.
In my mind this is mostly about tabloids and such.
Don't forget the inspiration for croissants to go with the coffee
This is the first time I hear something like this
There's also the Urban legend of "Pérák the Springman" which the game could present as either an assassin or an acrobatic villain
Hello from the Czech Republic
No, we are not Russains nor Germans, we don't speak any of those languages
There are 5,6 millions of Danish citizens living in a unitary state.
The Empire would probably fallen apart in big civil war sooner or later
Quite simply, I'm not paying 300Kč (~€12) for a bowl of ramen
Absolutely not, at least in my city
What's that all about
Novák's spouse will also become Nováková)
iPhone war
Its simple to say, yeah it was that time we went and killed x men and woman, we also have those
Prime Minister who is currently being prosecuted by the police for fraud with EU subsidies and investigated for number of further crimes while also having around 30% in polls
Just google "kolaches" and go to the images.
[Goose looking like this one] as is has to be around 11.Nov
Is it a North Limburg thing or also a North Brabant thing
I thought this was r/historymemes at first
Everybody was like, "don't be stupid, things may still turn out bad and you'll be super fucked" and she said she no longer cared but after a few days when it looked better, most of other employees began returning their cards as well
Or you have a friend with a van
I guess that I may have been a bit mistaken on this and Czechoslovakia may have been the odd one out
I've never seen a picture from that time with such vibrant colours, so I'm guessing coloured
From the website (and it's prices) it looks like they make/sell luxury whiteware and as such I doubt it's commonly known.
Honest Guide is the best channel for tourists about Czech Republic
Portugal deserves to become an island with access to Mediterranean
It feels comforting to know that the world's most powerful military has a large operations base in a neighbouring country, makes it more convenient if we are attacked from the East
Is it České Budějovice
We've made a mistake by booking a hotel in the Amsterdam city centre
And let me guess, "refugees are evil" is pretty much 99.9% of their content, and they have generally no constructive plan ?
01% and most of them are in once province anyway
Svalil se na zem, a protihráč se ho přitom ani nedotkl
The Song Dynasty then: We will wage war with the Mongol invaders for 70 years
I kinda lost the drive to travel TBH, I'm not sure if I'll be in the mood to go abroad any time soon even with no restrictions
There's no "t" in there
People who prefer to wake up and go to work earlier can do so, but those who hate it cannot do the opposite
To be honest we seem to be one of the most atheistic countries.
All of these policies don't solve the core problems.
It's pretty hard to say, because most of the main parties lack any sort of consistent stance on anything.
It was being prepared and there were some unorganized attempts, but GB and USA objected against it during the Potsdam conference
In US police procedurals tracking down a suspect often hinges on having their social security number
We have to know, who is coming to/from EU and we have to battle homegrown radicalisation, otherwise there is no solution
Ok, you're rich, you have Ferrari, but why blast music like some ghetto teenager
That's not correct as Asia is bigger, has far more issues even when not counting ME as Asia.
they belong to work, so they can finance my expensive addictions, tastes and hobbies.
The set of The Chronicles of Narnia film series.
I learn 6 years already and am absolutely horrible
Everyone lives in the country, has a "valaška" (a long axe often associated with brigandry) and waves it wildly when dancing
In cafés, coffees are often not served properly with stuff like water and we mostly care more about quantity than quality (but that's my personal view of course).
But I don't really care
That doesn't mean I think the whole system is wrong, I just don't see it working in the Czech enviroment.
He was born in the town of Vratislavice nad Nisou in todays Czech Republic (1875)
Begs an interesting question: what did Hitler actually call them
Absolute legend, iconic
But there is world wide [Radio Maria]
The beer culture is strange in a way that, up to certain amount, drinking beer is not considered "boozing", and I heard, and have the experience that Czechs generally tried to avoid conflicts, even under the influence (unless they had way, way too much) even more physicall ones
The second one killed more people, but what most people had to go through in the first one was imho worse
We just have to keep trying electing the least bad option and hope that eventually the democratic culture in the society will develop enough to produce better politicians.
That was a bold and dangerous thing to say
the rest of europe had better be nicer to britain
I think we call them skřítek domovník or domácí skřítek
It's quite easy to pronounce
How stupid do you have to be to do something like this
Works the other way around as well:
Background of the reign of the most successful ruler of the Bohemia - Charles the IV
Poles sabotaging each other, then they wonder why they lose
You can't even bomb them from the air.
In Germany, however, a ticket from Berlin to Hamburg, roughly the same distance, costs 60€. Of course you have to factor in the average income of Germans and Czechs, though even then, still, German train fares are way more expensive
Dutch Jews, anti-nazi intelligentsia, resistance and their families were under the extermination threat.
I feel that
100% agree, this is the reality
Windows in usa are not plastic, we have to conserve energy, because energy is more expensive in europe
Way more people are killed by coal plants spilling all kinds of shit into the atmosphere and contributing to climate change.
Until the end of World War I, Liechtenstein was closely tied first to the Austrian Empire and later to Austria-Hungary; the ruling princes continued to derive much of their wealth from estates in the Habsburg territories, and spent much of their time at their two palaces in Vienna
you can give them some flowers on their graves if you insist...
I must have like three of these
First of all, pedestrians need to cross the street sometimes
I certainly hope so, because I've been drinking it since ever
In Polish it means to search
Female form: *Nováková*, *Malinská*
Czechia
Lol, what
Give him power and let him build a society based on his philosophy
Allegedly, a lot of scientists (Swedish ones, as well as ones only residing in Sweden) demanded a change to it, but instead of their ideas being considered and there being some kind of national debate on the topic, they were told to shut up and in some cases the backlash was so strong, that they decided to leave the country
Oh, I've heard about the Palomares nuclear incident
Slovak president Zuzana Caputova to replace our president [Milos Zeman
I live in the Czech Republic and we have the letter ř Ř. I'm pretty sure none other than us has it
I mean, I caught myself starring at the murral on Kulturpalast for a few minutes
It's almost identical
Děkujeme ti - (We) thank you (sg
Also I've heard, that they once wrote "...toilet will be constipated
His way of announcing more strict restrictions and kindly asking people to abide by them, explaining why are they neccessary, was stellar in my opinion
Ah shit, here we go again
I know, French protest and revolution are the best, but I think, that our were great too
Brexit cartoon #5000
There has to be some reason, why are these nationalities so susceptible to radical behaviour.
Some of the other organizations focus more on the "technical" aspects of scouting like camping skills or playing games and helping the kids to socialize with other kids, but still are a viable alternative
\- \*insert any middle eastern country because no one has any basic geographic knowledge\*
being from country which was under same Russian rules I can understand initial hungry for any car from western part of the world.
Do you lock the door of your house/apartment when you're at home
He was lurking in sweet water waiting to drown people and steal their soul
Hroby (graves),
I'm also slowly working my way trough the latest Deus Ex Mankind Divided (while feeling insulted by how lazily Square Enix portrayed Prague and Czech language).
Nope
If something dries too wrinkly, I'll sooner chuck it into the washer again and try hanging it better the second time around, before I'm gonna iron anything
We still have this bullshit "we never did anything, we were always victims" attitude which is bullshit.
We have it too at home
And yet, I am a much better software developer than I ever was a biochemist, because I had a lot more passion and interest for CS, did an internship during my studies and spent time learning things on my own
CZ: every grocery is a Polish grocery
- jenž žádá o volební podporu VŠECHNY ČESKÉ OBČANY a daňové poplatníky, kteří chtějí změnit dnešní kriminální poměry, jejichž jsme všichni obětí, v jejich pravý opak
This kind of pre-emptively defensive nationalism unfortunately gets misapplied to things like the EU as the knee-jerk emotional response to EU politics isn't "hey, a group we voluntarily joined as an active member is doing something", rather "great, how are the foreigners trying to fuck us now
Tokio, Yokohama, Osaka, Kioto, Hiroshima, Nagasaki
I feel like it doesn't even really compare to all the other costs of owning a pet
Well, de Gaulle wasn't some saint man.
The same thing here, though I'm not sure about the assault rifle in the car
Although later, the stopped caring
There is the middle income trap and Romania will not escape it.
Fun fact: We allegedly (most likely lol) have an "estébák" as our prime minister now
I had never read it, only only saw it few times.
with a very small destructions and population loss
Also fun fact I have Habsburg genes
It's not easy to transpose it to the American context with their jus soli tradition so I personally would go for a compromise like they've got American nationality but are ethnically Cajuns (if you speak about them) which is a similar thing some Moravians or Silesians would tend to say here.
Thanks for the correction
Do you still have data caps in Canada?
Its pretty much on every menu of every pub,restaurant, even some shops sell it pre-fried
the only thing I can think of was when there was an attempted overthrow of de Gaulle, but that doesn't count.
I feel like it doesn't even really compare to all the other costs of owning a pet
It will probably look like a stupid move in hindsight few years from now given that Brexit and President Trump are most likely not an end, but a beginning of things to come.
Lol, most countries around Germany seem to have an identical system, just translated
Yes
No, Polish gastronomy is not exotic here
The thing is that there's a lot of talk about two speed EU, but no one actually knows yet how exactly it should work.
Do you have any data for that
If you want to play it make sure you support the byzantines whenever you can
That is stupid aswell, because the world does not just revolve around money
I don't think so I am going to buy sheets of drywall anytime in my life for the rest there is a delivery service or friend with van
This is not a binary problem: stay in the EU and become Eurabia or Leave, build the new Iron Curtain on the borders and be poor but Muslim-free
(alongside other people who discovered it around the same time)
Aw fuck, I can't believe they've done this
"SwEdeN iS a RaPE cApiTaL
**Brno:** rivalry with Prague, funny dialect, student city, dragon, being joked about a lot
However, I have to admit, I don't really like fresh milk (non pasteurized)
I don´t know how to work with this information
There was, however, an exchange programme of citizens with Hungary later, they were stripped of most civil rights and some of the Hungarians were also dispersed inside the state, mostly to places vacated by Germans
And at the Soviet invasion in 1968
Here you're expected to answer Czech, Slovak, Moravian, Vietnamese or whatever.
Sure, you don't have to agree with him but compare him with Hopkins or Farage
Bohemian domestic dispute over catholics closing a few protestant churches boiled over to the Third defenestration of Prague, war against the king, and eventually, the Thirty Years War
That is so 9th century
However, we have also "mléčný bar" which offer a little different meals
Apart from the weekend Im stuck in some office anyway apart from an hour at lunchtime, it's dark or part dark going in and dark when I get out for months anyway
Above the normal courts we have 2 high courts, Bohemian and Moravian ones
Humans, especially neonazi brainlets protesting face masks and government restrictions
lettuce, tomato slice, mustard, ketchup, onion, pickle and a slice of cheddar.
I thought I got most of the german inside jokes, but this one lost on me.
5-7 30 minute long classes each Monday, Wednesday and Friday
It is better to invest and create high-skill R&D and manufacturing jobs in Europe than completely depend on supplier with possible different geopolitical goals.
So it's the classic chorts/devils, dragons (crocodiles), víly/rusalky, noonwraiths, ghosts of White Ladies, hejkal, dwarves in mines, vampires/werewolves (the Slavic vampire is not distinct from a werewolf, unlike the more "western" kind), witches, bludičky/will o' the wisp, fexts
Is that the Golden Gate outside
I'd be cool with it if were productive in Czech
Epic rap battle of history: Portugal vs Germany
However while speaking I use the long version more frequently
especially pens
Likewise, NATO doesn't cover Hawaii or our other overseas territories so we have to deal with China on our own there.
In morning, he was reunited with his disarmed unit, and told Czechoslovakia is receiving a “Brotherly help from soviets and other allied socialist countries to prevent coup”.
It's english way of saying Česko
Our weakest standard beer has 3
I'm named František, a czech version of German "Franz" after Franz Joseph I.
Merging is wrong
It depends, here in the Czech Republic, sport is anything thats done at a proper shooting range, from ordinary plinking to stuff like IPSC
Although for instance CZ is much more closer to Germany and Austria than it is to Russia and Ukraine culture wise
One would think, that officials will support public transport to make it advantageous against cars.
Personally I just kinda sympathize with the Scots for getting screwed over honestly
That usually doesn't end well
" instead of "...this will clog the toilet
This is not a word, but it's fascinating to me nonetheless, compare the Japanese `ん` and European `n`, they're so frickin similar and represent the same sound
I just want everyone to be happy and not fight with each other :'(
And good for them, probably
Evidently a result of struggling British economy after the Brexit.
Japan and Romania come close, but it still isn't ban
Martyrs Memorial and Mujahid Museum
Typically school starts around 7
They are actually the opposite, bunch of old politicians with history of corruption scandals and great relations with top 1% of oligarchs.
svou lásku slavík růži pěl, (nightingale sang his love to rose)
The others are only for hunting or sport shooting
During that week church bells are silent, there is saying ‘bells flew to Vatican’.
I sat next to a girl in my first job who though Spain was part of England
It's not connected to the sea, so the water wouldn't be salt, it would be interesting to have this giant lake next door in this drought aand
Hau ár jů?
50 €)
Exactly why we need a platform without a central authority where fake news will rein free
Prague ("Praha" in Czech)
I know you're just trying to make a joke
This necessitated me cutting my last day short to get to the center, catch the bus and still arrive 2hrs before flight departure.
Sad we don't have that law
EDIT: I've already addressed the Holocaust and other WW2 stuff in another comment and explained my reasoning, so no need to be a smart ass and remind me of it, as if I've never heard of it
Also there are people, who Are working abroad, but living in Czechia
There are already fresh cases of hunters are hunting tourists or better version hunters are hunting each other.
Czech - stůl - a table
or formal)
Was warned about the bones but fuck me was that shit annoying, especially when you don't even like the taste
Not him personally, of course
Driver didn't even opened these doors if there wasn't anyone fitting this rule
Imo it just so happens that common Joe benefits from the same *lack of copyright laws* as some Internet corporations
I would just change
It's ugly, but it's not hiding it behind a fake mask like some other cities
As a result, the government invested millions in school security
+ cargo seems to be a [big problem] so there goes another possible source of income
Donald Trump's victory was probably many things, but it wasn't awful.
I would swap Poland with Hungary, due to history
It's even #2 on r/all currently, WTF
It's a Reddit variation of [Broken windows theory]
That's funny, because ČD is universally hated here.
In tears:* For the lord emperor and his family
That comparison doesn't make sense, EU is not a country and doesn't have to pay for the same things as countries do
The same for example "Nobody didn't came" meaning "Nobody came".
Where are the motorcycles and rmpty streets
But doctors and hospitals might be an issue in the countryside when getting old, especially now with Covid
Yes, some things in Germany are even cheaper than here, while our average salary is much smaller than your minimum wage.
Most parties sent usual gray mice, but far right SPD sent weirdo, who wasn’t able to speak fluently on his own
Compared to Poland, he seems harmless, aside from some fund frauds investigation
ughhhhh, why are we on the same list as Amsterdam and Ibiza
For a normal job you get like 800€. I know it sounds like we are underwaged but our country is pretty cheap to live in
* *Je mi u prdele*, lit
Mostly mountains and gorgeous nature.
My eyes
Language barier and also we dont have euros, so its another small hinder that you cannot pay anything without card (parking, entrance fees, icecream
"Džon mejd his vej tu a tavrn tru d dark foryst, only tu fajnd aut det hý forgot d many
Silly OP wrote Hungary twice
Do you ask them if they will leave 100%.
They can also take it throught Norway Oblast
If doctor asked me to choose between Russian vaccine and no vaccine, I would gladly accept available one
* French, which I don't speak and not learning, but it is useful
Toilets are of course preferred, but it's not a big deal when there isn't any around
Obviously Prague, but in other regions some cities were replaced as the regional capitals
And yes, countries have different opinions, thats to be expected, the EU shouldnt be here to hammer everyone to have the same opinions, it should be here to bridge the differences
I randomly sumbled upon [Tezaura] From the beginning I thought it strayed too much from my taste, but then I gave it a try and afterwards I found out they're from Czech Republic.
I can also use the same gun for w/e reason as long as its registered for that
But we're not teaching Latin in elementary schools, aren't we?
My sister took bus
But well, I studied political science, so my interest is probably off average
Can't make everyone happy, I guess.
The fact is that the vast majority of people have no apetite for this
It does not
We don't actively celebrate it
I usually alternate between Witcher and Sims screenshots
Ukrainian and Russian are different worlds to me - sometimes I catch a word (like 25 %?), but getting the meaning of a sentence is real hard for me, the pronunciation is really, really foreign and it gets difficult to recognize words
Imo draught radegast is the definition how lager beer should taste
I think we are still waaaaay too diverse for one state, but when the moment is right, sure.
Poland did the same with it's neighbors.
He also bought huge chunk of local media using it as a club to crush his political opponents (there are recordings of him giving these instructions)
A building from 1880 would be just a default building where I live, whole area was rebuilded during 1880-1910
All 3 of those mentioned countries are already ahead of Portugal and Greece and are slowly getting ahead of Spain and Italy.
Milions wondered through debris of what were once cities and villages, borders were changed, it took decades to repopulate many areas.
Perhaps the impression was caused by the movement's inability to keep their more unhinged elements on leash.
> "Das ist mir Wurst/wurscht
Needed to say that there are also illegal immigrants from Vietnam whose number is estimated in thousands.
K98 stojí pouze 15k, to jde :D
Only "Běž domů Ivane" (Go home Ivan) comes to my mind
Everything has to be god awful expensive.
Thanks to google It was not the knäckebrot I was thinking at first.
Two things mostly, non-Americans are shocked when they learn that people can and do carry guns in the streets, and quite a few people are shocked by how good and horribly unhealthy Czech cuisine can be
I have no idea which one you mean, but most likely it was us
8%? Where did you get such a high number
But the most distinctive ones are Moravian and Silesian
Or r/TechnicallyTheTruth
In English they would be John of Bohemia (or the Blind) and Elizabeth of Bohemia (Přemyslid)
Most of the bars/pubs are overpriced anyway
You mean German summer colony
it certainly doesn't hurt to [ask...]
Or take it easy and stretch the work all the way to Saturday
Even ceremonial president can be very dangerous
Yes
you crush the tomato, olive oil and garlic together and put it on toast?
Western Europeans want an EU Army.
Not
Mostly
That would be probably about the same for us
If you pushed stocks of these companies to 0, they would crash and you would have a country that has to import all its food cause its litteraly impossible to manufacture food that can compete with import
why don't you make your own
\-5% Base Stability
) with lipstick
Either they change their policies or another revolution is coming.
Strong, brave, loyal to her few friends, loved running around barefoot, kind-hearted
The only thing that is truly similar is our languages, other than that, basically everything is different or at the very least on a same level of similarity as our other neighbours
Even though right now the biggest statue in Czech Republic belongs to him and even one district of the Czech capital is named after him, he did pretty nasty stuff
Is Cromwell really hated
But you do have to admit that the drunk thug culture is overwhelmingly common among people in Britain
Yeah
I thought this was all still under negotiations :/
Hezky řečeno
But we have to make sure to use the correct pronunciation: ["Check-i-ea"] Some English mates pronounce the "CH" part as "ch" although it should be "k"... such as in the word "architect".
It's a completely ridiculous and people take it as such.
In a retrospect, when I remember school history lessons, medieval ages mostly come to mind, with all the easily examinable but memory-heavy stuff like who was whose son, when did a war take a place and so on
Most Czechs with any knowledge of German make a really big difference between those words
We should have hung some of these communism loving idiots when we had chance but instead they are still in big numbers trying to please Russia and China when these countries brought only lies, demands and threats
I’ve gotten into the national level twice
I already use scissors for many things in the kitchen where other people would never think about using them but never thought about cutting pizza with scissors
Imo he’s just a successfull entrepreneur, making money of the political system here
That day from early morning they go berserk on the rest of the school and wreak havoc
I'm sure an islamic extremist wouldn't be able to pass the citizenship requirement, pass the mental evaluation and get a license that checks responsible gun handling
Again, pretty subjective, I am sure many will disagree with me
We are closer to Germans than Russia lol
Bro, there really is not only one way to say it
It's 6 degrees right now and I just started wearing an autumn/winter coat this week
Ever since the Ukrainian crisis there have been attempts to sway to the public opinion.
We are the ones wihout the accent boi, I was in Ostrava just yesterday so dont talk shit to me
I assume he meant exactly what he wrote and I ask where he got it
Except one small village whose inhabitants are made invincible by a magic potion
I only know _Rotting Christ_ and _Septic Flesh_, In the case of the latter one I only know they exist.
Well, digging down in your garden will probably give you nothing
Everybody in the country knows it's real and fucked
At least in Czech Republic it's two different terms and two different sets of rights, so no, it's not the same
I know a guy who is about 23 years old and is named Adolf
By that logic tampons should be free for everyone, not just the poor
Many Hungarians were expelled as well, it's just not remembered much
The Czech Republic follows the commitments which are given to her by international law
Well given what Russians did to the people in Baltic countries, I can't blame them.
I personally don't know anyone who even goes to the church mass at midnight
Biden has now to fix post-covid economic fallout, which would include many unpopular decisions
i assume that one would need to have useful skills to move - but why is only speaking english such a bad thing?
That EU = Europe
in winter
> Är det det det är
**Czechia** is colored grey for no data
We also were there
They don't understand the difference between protecting free speech and approving of insult of Muhammad
For me, it is France
We vote from 18 years and I am ok with that.
Prague is a different beast, everyone is used to foreigners
brněnský čurák?
That's when Czechia plays against Russia
People could not travel freely outside the country - it was easier if you wanted travel do "friendly socialist country", it was much harder for the West
Uh, it's not like I have never heard some more radical feminists talking about taking away the vote from males.
Something tells me Rotterdam isn't exactly the safest Dutch (is it even Dutch at this point?) city...
"Phatom russian menace" - Yet their embassy is unusually large for a country of 10 mil, and news sources keep springing up with ties to mysterious russian companies which entirely coincidentally echo RT's talking points.^[\[1\]]
Alcohol-free beer is 15% and Radler type stuff (beer mixed with lemonade) is
I've seen varenyky with fruit fillings (cherries I think
Then, nationalists and populists came to power, they started to kill each other, and now they can't even sit together in one classroom.
Without them the roman empire would have looked very differently and with that culture and history of entire europe.
Putin did same thing several times (Crimea, East Ukraine, Chechnya, Georgia) and it worked for him
I live in Germany and I have this to say:
Also, the "reason" you mentioned is an argument itself
I don't really follow a whole lot of sporting events, but when I catch a glimpse of one on the telly, I usually cheer for the exotic underdog
Nice or Munich aren't global cities by your shaky definition and were attacked, while Warsaw or Prague were not.
Started maybe 2 years ago and it's been a journey
My sister watched this show and she was very mad by their Czech
Even in offices it's not very common.
There are a lot of Russians and Ukrainians in my office and they get along just fine.
Thank you, up until now I thought I was the only one who experienced this
* Sapporo
Slovakia
The most recent one is almost 50 years old
I get it
Fucking hell
I had to change it a little because of translation to keep the joke
Děkuji vám - (I) thank you (pl
Well, I've got some studying to do
I'm planning to visit in a few weeks
I agree
I would not call it complex
It's not served warm, they will cool your beverage in the cooler before serving.
good luck
*Eyes go wide, mouth drops, stoods up, salutes
Czech cities can be relatively hilly, so unless you have the opportunity to shower at work/school, it's not that practical
Interesting how Perkele, Perkunas and Perun, all being gods of sky and thunder in their respective religions, sound so similar.
Some large churches here actually have services aimed at tourists, in various langauges
tbh I know what I'd like for benefits
Šulánky (different kind of gnocchi), typically served with poppy and plum jam
I usually shop in Aldi because it's the cheapest
I don't like alcohol
it's not impossible to find, but is pretty uncommon.
Like
But the book was meant to be a warning, not a guide
Maybe 99% of electricity, but not energy
All sit in a circle just like Arthur's knights did.
Kiruna mine is the largest underground iron ore mine in the world.
Sounds terribly inefficient
Could someone explain to me that thing with Latvia and Lithuania and potatoes
This is not a map which shows just latitude and longitude and its borders
"it's a sausage to me"
kind of
I think that many of the reports about what is going in Sweden are exaggearated which doesn't mean that Sweden doesn't have real issues with immigration.
That's nice that there is already such a "guidepost" website.
It could be worse
He's not though
When traveling in buses, I prefer 8 to 12 night rides
I’ve been learning German for over a year and traveled through a small part with my German boyfriend
Some people use it as a filler  word when speaking, but it can be used as a genuine insult
Edit: Forgot to mention the government wants him to abdicate from the post, but he don't wanna and it seems like they don't have anyone, literally no one who would want his job now
I predict a 52% for stay if the EU did a 180 on the refugee question.
But there were/are many reasons to let it be
So Czech keyboard has two variants - the common one qwertz and programmer one qwerty
I would like to know how the transport of migrants over straits between Turkey and Greek islands is organized.
je jako císař Svaté říše římské.
I always find it amusing, that some Czechs want the EU to fail, while we are among the first ones to go down the drain.
Blame Merkel and her "refugees welcome" friends for their rise.
Yeah, yeah, I wasn't really serious
What is vsauce michael doing in there
Interesting but sad
I know this isn't the norm and a lot of people call me dumb cause of it but I don't see much of a problem walking short sleeves outside in that
So seeing the prices for sparkling pussy, alcoholic pussy, hot pussy
No matter if you relocate them to Lithuania, Czech republic, Slovakia etc.
Which wasn't meant as making matryoshka your thing.
As for a song everyone knows I would say something from Karel Gott
It somewhat reminds me of 1984 by G. Orwell
My French is definitely not great, but I'd like to think it's not *that* bad
Now if Brit wants to work or stay longer in some European state will have to ask for visa
Its starting furniture for starting families you will replace in few years after moving in
It just reflects what I've heard today on the bus stop "two pensioners talking, that it would be good to have some mild dictator, because people do and say whatever they want these days" - me rolling my eyes.
OMG, such a great memories I have
Unlike her Trump actually cares about protection of American citizens.
So not funny, didn't laugh
To the likes of Boris they are vermin which needs to be exterminated
Chomutov and Jirkov most likely
It’s Brno, after all
Aspik, it's so disgusting
*\*laughs in Czech\**
We picked up the German demand needs for you
The story goes something like this:
Oria IT
as far as I know it is not used for anything else, but can't speak for all dialects
it's great for fucking over employees even more than before.
the poster from the other thread probably got bombarded by downvotes and decided to do damage control.
The groom needs to find her quickly because he must pay for alcohol that get drink until the bride is found
Hawaii, for example, is not covered by NATO but we have a base there.
From people at work, randoms who found out, family, friends that aren't that close to us and don't know that we both hate children, etc
Yeah, especially since our languages are quite closely related
Iran won't attack
Orimattila FIN
The Czech Republic has 250k people with a carry licence out of 300k people
Japan is complicated
Or with no money left:
Hello, naming myself John, gladly you familiarize/acquaint
Well, I can't exactly say that it gives me wood
UHT milk is up to personal preference, but I'd say that most people probably have it in the fridge too, unless they buy milk cartons in bulk or something
We provide other Europeans with a great, cheap destination for partying
Large majority of members were teenagers, especially younger ones
I have no superiority or inferiority complex towards Poles and honestly can't say I know many people who do (Slovakia or Germany and even partially Austria on the other hand
I can't believe this can be used as described above
What happened next was both of us running
That's true
True
I can somewhat understand your language.
The closest words we've got which we would probably use in this situation is *fakan* or *spratek* which mean a bratty child in general
Huh, didn't know you were making these jokes too lol
) would be nice
Most of the restaurants and shops in the center are foreign-owned, mostly Russians, but also Italians, Germans.
In Czech Republic people from  Ostrava are going shopping to Poland
The purpose is to be able to conjugate the word in a sentence
Centre wings mostly with a dash of hard liberals, but the right has absolutely 0 MEPs from Slovakia.
USD / CZK was oscillating between 14.48 and 26.02 CZK per 1 USD so no real reason to hoard more
Holy fuck
Zajebiscie, kurwa
Oravala FIN
They obey my command without question or commentary
The number and selection of subjects have changed, test difficulty is always criticized as too low and too high at the same time, and ministers of education flip flop on the inclusion of a mandatory maths exam almost every year
Only one thing bothers me - capital letters
I would add [Karlštejn] [Hluboká] and [Lednicko - Valtický areál ] which are pretty popular aswell though to a lesser degree
I have been using it for decades so yea, I am glad the government finally made it official
You can't really compare a female with a male.
I am against **any** restriction of free speech, even if I or 99 % of people don't like the given text.
It was fun :(
The biggest difference is always in motivation, though - if you really need to, you'll learn any language to decent fluency
Exactly
Ok, five and a half minutes, then
You mean Germany
That's when a turns into ə.
LOADS, from Hussite wars to Velvet Revolution, if you tell any person outside of Czech Republic about it you'll just get weird looks
Forever
Exactly 0,000000000000000000 times periodical
Serbia has a lesbian prime minister
What the fuck, Poland
You are picking the negatives over the positives on the list (Baltics, Romania, CZ, Poland, South Korea, Japan, Kuwait, etc.).
Slovaks are our bros and we're kinda cool with all our neighbours, so Russia is the best pick, especially when it comes to sports
Hence such stats as homicides which are describing the population should be attributed to the continents where the overwhelming portion of the population lives, at least until you can get a better breakdown of the data
Let me quote from the "Demon-Haunted World" by Carl Sagan, chapter 25, "Real patriots ask questions":
Here, lemonade (*limonáda*) means basically any soft drink, fizzy or not.
Reading all these, there is a jarringly stark contrast between post-Soviet countries and the rest of Europe
You won’t find many Polish products with good reputation here
And that is exactly why in Czechia, you must have a respirator/mask while leaving home and at public transportation, they can actually kick you out if you don't have one
This is the main event, people spend the entire day cooking to have a big dinner of fried carp, other fish or schnitzels with potato salad
Not even talking about Indian mythology.
r/assholedesign
Well because we were part of your empire learn it well
I do however believe that further EU defence integration should be our number one priority.
.. the graveyard
It’s great way to socialize and to meet new people
both are great for sightseeing, just google it and see if you like it
For the record, there are cities that have 3 or 4 times the population of Finland :P
!subscribeToCamelFacts
Eh, not trying to sound like a douche, but they'll repair it, even if it takes a couple of years
[Gulas with dumplings] - stolen Hungarian national treasure
Ma man
I grew up in Northern Bohemia, never really heard anyone being anti-German, I think we've switched to anti-Russian
Hows that gonna change by legalising it
People watch  Youtube, Social media etc
I'm a senior software engineer, but if you want a PowerPoint presentation from me, it's gonna suck
The difference is night and day
Velvet Revolution was attended by almost half of population of Prague at that time
Disclaimer: I don't speak either
You mean like Christians stole Pagan culture?
Controversial opinion incoming: While is is sad that so many africans were killed because of him, he was a good ruler for Belgium so his statues should be left alone
+ when I subscribed to /r/atheism I was expecting reading shit from complete different countries than US
Pretty sure all my Amazon packages were delivered by PPL or PDP or someone like that
That is good, mobility is important.
The *is* data for the grey countries
Butter, Italian ("vlašský") salad, ham, cheese, pickled cucumber, boiled egg
Then you're wrong
Luckily the cathedral did not burn to the ground so I believe it will be restored, even though it might take a decade or two to do so
Satellites and probes
Nah dude, Facebook is much worse
When hearing these languages it feels oddly familiar - as if they spoke Czech but in the end they use completely different words
I don't like this tradition and we personally (I'm always with my parents on Christmas) don't do that luckily (they are some attempts from my dad but I just throw huge fit that he won't block the bathroom with carps for days so we can't even bath, so
Hey, I have a question about your religion classes
Mostly because of job requirements, but also because they know they're missing out on most of the internet, videogames, shows etc
A local Commie representative (whose surname was Hicl) wanted the municipal council to rename the local terrain features (hills with Czechisied German names like "Sumperk", "Kolberk" etc
that was also that guy from who volunteered as a fireman on 9/11, right?
Mařena, Mařka, Máňa or other variation of Marie is a female name in this spirit that comes to my mind.
(the same guy do also dubbing of Arnold Schwarzenegger but no, they are no "I'll be back" in documentaries, what a waste of meme)
Average Prague fan
Hyperloop to connect all of Europe, starting with the Czech Republic
Now you can either distinguish between these two pathways or consider them equal
Like I said - from what have I seen, it was awesome
You should go and visit once the pandemic is gone
but just wait until the Moravians see my selection :D
However since these brand are popular and well-known, calling them by their brand names is more common.
Somehow the last 70 years get as much attention as fucking 30 Years War
Hungary - Maďarsko
If you ever come to the Czech Republic, your mind might be blown again, youll see them here too
I haven't, and judging from the name of the novel, it's probably for the best.
That’s a czech tongue twister, where “Ř” is a letter in czech alphabet that no foreigner can ever pronounce
Which would be either Kutná Hora or Pardubice
Ah, yes
You can buy a great, tasty beer in a Prague pub for 1-1
Volte Pravý Blok - stranu za snadnou a rychlou ODVOLATELNOST politiků a státních úředníků PŘÍMO OBČANY, za NÍZKÉ daně, VYROVNANÝ rozpočet, MINIMALIZACI byrokracie, SPRAVEDLIVOU a NEZKORUMPOVANOU policii a justici, REFERENDA a PŘÍMOU demokracii WWW
fun fact : the director of CIIRC made a tv document during construction of this building
We risk being replaced by third world migrants who breed at a much faster rate than us.
No, I think window fans are not common in most of Europe either
No I always wanted to visit Iceland since I was kid and we learnt that they have heated pavement and wonderful nature
He kept on beeping in the detector, so the security took him aside to have a look what the problem could be.
don't exchange money from random people unless you want to buy overpriced money from some former soviet state
I absolutely loved it
This is not brutalism
(We said
Every faithful Muslim saying or writting his name has to add the benediction *Peace be upon him
Their Eurasian alliance knows what's up and have managed to steal our allies away.
I like the living standarts - living here is cheap, but we're developed (it's somethink that you can't see at most countries)
It doesn't sound too bad but there are way more beautiful languages
These amateurs didn't even invade poland?
Because they want our sovereignty
If you mean the subreddit, probably not, they simply only allow people who are "on their side", i.e.
Mustio IT
not really, the railroads are operated by SŽDC not ČD
Check out Bruges or Koln on the way.
So theres this show to help tourists find amazing places - HONEST GUIDE and the host was on the Charles Bridge and was making up a story, where if you touch a certain lamp it will grant you eternal luck or whatever
The Czech law makes basically no difference between private sales and sales through licenced dealer
is the question the EP should ask themselves instead of trying to pass this nonsense
When your trashy neighbors steal the pipes to sell them, you aren’t getting a replacement
It’s a beautiful day
:-D
A good beer in Greece is just a Mythos
Not a huge problem in a text, huge problem in math stuff where z and 2 are very common
I was talking about draught beer
My friend lives in the tornado alley and showed me some photos
We had this, when most of the population were speaking German
I tend to avoid these just because it's uncomfortable to me and you never know what they're gonna do
Why apologise
It is funny that USA is claiming how christian is and doesn't have it
And -ča for girls
you're kidding me...you should be helping us to undermine him.
Millennials, what do you think of the older generations in your country?
The fictitious weather reporter looks more real than the bottom one
Czech kinda circumvented the problem using *velkoměsto* (bigcity) for, you know, big cities
Throwing some bad bois out of the window
Would you like to increase that chance though?
Oktoberfest is extremely expensive as it is, I can't image wiener wiesn being even more expensive than that
This made me so confused when I first heard it
We also have catacombs, one of what, 4
Are the numbers up to date or is it outdated
It's awful
Luckily no, nothing against politeness but I think hearing people yelling through the bus Thank you every minute would be quite annoying
South Bohemia region
And I didn't really want to offend you
Španělský
First I read "signed" bible and I thought: "Damn this dude's got Bible signed by Jesus, that's pretty cool."
Are you afraid to find out, at this point
Ah, I was worried Relay was censoring swearing (in polish
Also to our current situation led lot of events and we pretty much caused it ourselves
They had (and still have) an Steyr tractor
British too, right
My personal favourite is The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians
Pokud nepočítáš nekorunované, tak je to František I.
Brexit cartoon #5000
That sweet vocative case though
is really perfect in the context of his texts
They had to stand in this position for hours to be painted only to be called "photoshop" 1200 years later, poor guys
Location is also an important factor.
should wrote +5 (up to +10) above legal minimum
Czechia is the correct short name but a lot of people can't stand it.
You are only thinking about wealthy people flying to London or French Riviera for a week(-end).
We don't want it either
I am a pilot (hobby, not professional, they don't pay enough) so I have to deal with feet, US gallons, and nautical miles.
I like 2, 4, 6, 7 and 8 more than the others.
To se bude hodit
And in other languages, it is a turn in the conversation
There's 14 in Czechia
Northern Ireland is known for a lot of English immigration dating back to the medieval times, so you could say it is closer to being actually Germanic than for example Scotland.
Also, if you have read my original comment, you well know I was talking about the historical centre, the part of the city with narrow and busy streets with a very random urban layout, not about the entire city
The mistake we've made is we've gotten ahead of ourselves and given the right to vote to everyone *before* educating everyone rather than after
Alien was in cinemas in mid 80ies
We've one of the geratest eductions systems too
We also care (to a lesser extent) about our core partners: USA, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Australia, etc.
Sadly, a lot of those folks are citizens so they're untouchable (for now).
By 1946 we were by all intents and purposes a vassal of the USSR, and unfortunately people knew nothing about it
Only kids who go through academic-type high schools are allowed to even apply for university
It's 100% full marriage except for joint adoption.
We are too self-absorbed to be more open to other cultures.
I don't think so I am going to buy sheets of drywall anytime in my life for the rest there is a delivery service or friend with van
Dude, Czechs have elected Zeman as their own president and the guy is 10x worse than Trump.
It's all definitions, politics and "agreed upon lies"... The fact that Arabic and Chinese are considered one language but Czech/Slovak and the Scandinavian languages are independent is a proof of that
If you have any afternoon classes (after 3:30 pm), you get a whole period break after the 4th, 5th or 6th lesson
Do you want historical book recommendations
The difference is that EU will listen to public opinion
[Here is one] on a period engraving from the 18th century
The Czechs approve lol
Things would be a lot easier nowadays if Czechs and Slovaks all spoke German.
Also žabožrouti (frog eaters) for the French,  although that is quite offensive
- This discussion is not about Christianity or homosexuality.
People are superficial in the big cities because you are constantly "upgrading" to a better partner.
There are few more I theoretically know, but have not used: Efcharisto in Greek, Takk in Swedish, Teşekkür ederim in Turkish
Sammatti FIN
They are all German XD
Someone might have different opinion however this is mine.
We weren't historically a militaristic state, our current anthem represents our national character much better
The human nature and its variety has been always here.
98 years ago, we had a...[dispute] our neighbours
Growing up i didn't know anyone who would practice some religion,it was just a thing from historical or foreign movies, literally nobody talked about that
Btw, what are your thoughts on the opposition candidate
Nice strategy
More like 50 years, since the game takes place in 1403
Certain countries should not have to spend the 2% requirement (ex: Iceland).
No thank yous for my German ex.
Critique of NATO doesn't meant Trump wants to disband it during his first week.
And it's basically impossible to find a new GP, especially for children
I'd prefer germans and austrians, empire that runs solely on beer.
Actually it’s quite interesting that worldwide known beer Budweiser is American
:-D
I’d also say ‘vidlákov’ fits, but it is mostly referred to a specific place rather than to whole area
For all Czechs I can only say, Yes, all of it
Security of the software you're using != privacy
On the other hand, most Czech people don't want to own a gun, even though we can
For some reason Scottish English sounded to me like pirate speech too, but then again, I am no accent expert, I just find them interesting
I think French would be an obvious choice but otherwise I've got a thing for [Scottish English]
That's the point of eventually, we have all the time in the world to do it and by the time, EU just won't exist anymore
kuala lumpur is what I want but frankfurt will be what I will have to
romania sounds like hell
I think this article is not biased.
Čerstvý means Fresh in Czech, Cherstviy means rotten in Russian
When I read this sub it seem to me EU means more for you than for us
If only I had a time machine so as to send back all the Poles refugees and migrants/immigrants over the last...
As for the filtering pitchers, that's also not very common
Adolf, Adam - Áda
Kinda unrelated, but when we come to visit you in summer, many of us giggle like idiots in restaurants and fast food stands, because you word for drinks "pića" is the same as our word for pussy - "piča" xd
Suitia FIN
You can be saying that blue is red all day, but that doesn't make it any redder
I don't have any asbestos mine in my garden though
Correct is Czech/Slovakia
I've checked some news websites in the past and I could understand most of the articles
It is nutria
Astronomy articles for example tend to be surprisingly good
In the Czech Republic there's Radio Beat, mostly rock with some metal and other not-fully-rock-genres here and there.
Yes, but shops are refilling stock quickly and some of them started even discounts of these particular items
It sure is
Looks like one of the places that would charge you 2€ for a shot glass of tap water that goes with the coffee
The election results might be slightly "edited" to look better but the fact is that he simply has public support.
None really
That doesn't mean that I think everybody in the government is by default corrupted/incompetent/has only bad/self-serving intentions, however I think it's definitely better to maintain healthy scepticism when it comes to our politicians.
That is something I see as unacceptable.
Europe could have very well ended like China.
I'd say this is all about the fact that Tusk is from CEE so he just naturelly reflects our interests better.
Even if it sounds bad, we'll like it
And then there were people saying something like "well, condolences to their families, but they were Putin's propaganda choir".
why the asterisks
isn't going into sauna nude expected everywhere
Those who do not bother to vote did not show their opinion
Even you could run some business but subject of the business was very limited and you don't have access to money business earned, you got regular salary like everyone doing the same for the state.
Mmmmm
Well yes
But yeah, every officer is armed with a handgun, but it's pretty rare to see them carry anything more than that
Things like empty stores where you bought nothing except hard salami because there just wasn't anything else
Don't think it's really that embarrassing
And its a little bit cheaper then Netto i think
Poor schoolchildren perform better when provided with free meals in school
And btw its an american company
I was just trying to _compress_ their writing with our letters and even if they say [ʐ] the _ř_ looks nicer to me especially after the letter _p_.
He is a awfull human being, but thanks to him, we are not Ukraine or Belarus today
If you asked them who they support in the conflict, the most common answer would be "Dunno" followed by "Neither of them".
Depends on personality
All I know it's Montgomery
that was the most "interesting" part
Every passenger buying a ticket from the driver
On the other hand, Brexit was a legitimate, domestically and internationally recognized decision, which would/will affect not just the GB but the rest of the union as well
Well luckily for you there exist places that are fairly unmoderated (various chans), but they tend to turn into an absolute cespool of (mainly rightwing) extremism
Most of the area was in present-day Ukraine, so milions of ukrainians perished as a reason of the catastrophic decisions of the Soviet government.
Most people don't see it as a problem I guess but I had a classmate who studied gender studies and I learned things like this from her a lot and now it's just stuck in my head haha
Thanks Obama
> copíi = children, but cópii = copies
When in the 14th century were we consumed by austrians?
You're absolutely correct mate
"it is near the ass for me"
Yep, robota is the word it originates from, which is an unpaid unfree work in Czech language
Small manpower but every person counts
You could get jeans, digital watch or pirated videotapes on black market
And guests are expected to take shoes off as well (though hosts formally persuade them to keep them) and walk either in socks or the host has got a pair or two of spare slippers.
I only know Space Engineers, but there may more well known video gamеs out there
Before the election, he was dissing all other parties very heavily
that person had to go to Constitutional Court to have the right.
Ostrava used to be a little town until the industrial revolution kicked in
And even if we went with this kind of data, the numbers still don't really support your claim, when you go through the different categories.
That's not a fast food though, it's considered a standard meal (well, you occasionally can get burgers with fried cheese, even McDonalds tried it)
v - in, inside
It's also common to send kids alone via train to school in another town since grade 1 here, because there is no school in our village anymore and when parents work in a place/time that it's not possible to take them to school, the kid simply has to go alone
I mean, Czech and Austrian cuisine are probably very similar
century for middle Ages
In Canada, the city decided to paint an LGBT flag on road
The promised to allow EU citizens here the rigth to stay if the EU did the same for Brits in the EU they were turned down with the usual "Enact article 50!"
To be honest, he wasn't wrong
We all know that the US have more people per capita than the rest of the world, by a lot
oh man, planning your trip exclusively around the most touristy places of Europe in one of the busiest periods of the year, you're in for a heavy case of the [Paris syndrome]
The RFID card cannot be charged with money on tickets online
cz provides all this data because it is based on the OpenStreetMap
He is considered a great emperor of the HRE by Germans though
I think the three strike rule is a pretty good deterrent
It would not be your pretty girls naked.
You guys have some serious problems with organized crime and drugs, your healtcare was pretty screwed up by Reagan, and peer pressure at schools is tremendous
Unfortunately, I didn't make it from Victoria to King's Cross in time and my booked train left without me
I'm pretty sure many voted PiS because they find it better than the alternatives
Instead of těžčí, the correct form would be těžší, but the pronounciation would be basically the same
We should also invade Syria and Iran to be safe more
You need to be an equal first to be a rival
Don't think it's really that embarrassing
Only in english, english y u do dis.
Then you should know that you don't need to know Svahili to order an espresso you illiterate.
My GP is a pretty decent guy and I only had good experience with the specialists
Not a huge problem in a text, huge problem in math stuff where z and 2 are very common
4 million), Ostrava (0
They initiated a coup backed by the red army to systematically dismantle democracy in the country
Ebini :---DD
What about you
I loved Tenerife
Similar to Pardubice and Hradec Králové
Joining in, can we
And go ahead call me a xenophobe, racist, bigot, whatever.
Hlavně se z toho neposer, normálně to zmínil jako další stereotyp
Well, "Čechy" means Bohemia
I'm cautiously pro-legalization
What about Moravia reclaiming you (only North, but Alps aren't that important)
* Mám to v prdeli (I've got it in the ass)
Look at Britain; they actually trade more with the rest of the world than with the EU (although the EU as a whole is their single biggest trading partner), they're 6 times bigger than Czechia in terms of population and like million times in economy, and still the Brexit negotiations have been a fiasco so far
It goes somewhere back to austrohungarian emire and counting with base of 12.
Sometimes me and my friends go by car to further locations like Hungary, France, Italy or Croatia, but then again, the "long" distance trips are still pretty short sompared to US
Lets hope there wont be more attacks like that
>eat the same food
*its
When at home, I dont drink much
(We said
I don't perceive those people to be inferior
In my defense, I have to say that I speak Russian with my wife and mostly English at work
O lásce šeptal tichý mech; (Quite moss whispered about love)
In my family, we say: "Na to ti sere pes Alfons a kočka Minda
That Oxford dictionary definition is agrees with me by the way.
Isn't Seznam free, though
We are clearly the true definition of the survival of the fittest.
He has already been charged with espionage.
It is a compound of two words "čtvrt" and "smršť". The first means "quarter" and the second means something like "whirlwind".
Sure, that's a necessary condition
Did you help defeat the Nazis, but with the British
Šukačka (fucking),
The canal
What they need is full legalization.
you better wish not to snow, cos NS gonna shut down all trains
Dragonborn players approve
Czech Post
Are there any data for rest of **Central** Europe
We basically get Western European prices, but 2-3 times less wages
" How can a party show [THIS MOTHERFUCKING PIECE OF SHIT GARBAGE] AND CALL ITSELF A SERIOUS POLITICAL PARTY WTF
Both my grandmothers lived through the war and occupation as adults, one in a small village in South Moravia (she was required to grow stuff for the German army and occasionally house German officers), the other was sent for forced labour in Germany (Totaleinsatz)
If you don't like your doctor, you can always go to another
NATO is still very much divided, we cannot agree on everything.
There were 3 in total
The sanctions on Russia were too light and removing sanctions from Iran was a huge mistake.
But in overal it is quite strict, for example any girl is born with -ova (unless you are foreing, etc
You can steal allies, win new friends, and sow discord by using Russian tactics without firing a shot.
I heard Other meaning of the Czech origin.
So I guess in the films we just don't exist
Even if it's just Biden's skeleton sitting in the Oval Office, it's better than Trump
- random card games
It was
During that week church bells are silent, there is saying ‘bells flew to Vatican’.
WW2 is viewed as history and therefore there is little to discuss.
What's your standard for a "working" high speed rail, if the TGV doesn't qualify
But who's to blame changes absolutely NOTHING about their situation
Anything under 25° is heresy
" rough translation
In fact the primary reason Beneš took a neutral position was exactly because he was afraid the red army would use any hostile action against the communist organized demonstrations as a pretense to invade to "restore order".
No countries really retain water well enough with all our biofuel centric agriculture
The joy of spring mornings
If I absolutely had to go with my gut, I would say that Andorra, Luxembourg, Belarus or Malta don't really draw my interest all that much, but I am pretty sure that if I visited them or did a bit of research, I would inevitably find something interesting about them
Probably some tv documentary
You are digging basement for you new family house and boom, bronze-age graveyard
I’d also say ‘vidlákov’ fits, but it is mostly referred to a specific place rather than to whole area
My mom gave all her employees an e-book reader and my dad gave his employees a 13th salary.
After all, they lost friends and families
(with Czech it is not that funny)
Babiš has a shitload of flaws, but being an admirer of Orban and Trump is not between them
I honestly have to wonder whether I could even do that in Prague
Like, the rectangular building was split into even rows od offices, and only the ones on the edge had natural light -- and the company was considered quite friendly to the employees
Once you go clean butt you never go back
I just don't like the hypocrisy, when nowadays German politicians are all about solidarity, but they only seem interested in a common European solution once it became their problem as well.
But it makes that feeling
It's up to us here in Europe how we gonna succeed on the world stage.
in fact, I couldn't taste anything good in your drink :-)
Getting rid of nuclear energy is not the best move I would say Austria is good example they got rid of it and now they import Cz electricity from nuclear plants.
Around 70% of the population is atheist, so
The czech republic is dealing with 40 Years of communism and impoverishment, yet it is as safe as switzerland with its extremly liberal gun law.
There are different ways how to count unemployment rate.
There are couple of exeptions like Janů or Petrů when the surname is the same for both genders, and if women marries a foreigner, she can keep his surname without -ová. Ie
He wasn’t able to pronounce some of words he had written on his paper, and his speech became meme
I know that my sister had a talk with my mother about using tampons and basic protection and such, but I (a guy) never had either of the parents talk to me about it (and it wasn't really necessary)
I have no idea if this is very common in CZ but where I grew up (Vysočina and Prague) it seems like Germany fucked us so hard there was a buffer overflow and not counting the old folk it really isn't a thing here
I wish someone would do the same with Czechs killing fleeing German civilians.
This argument is always going to be there when you only have a binary choice
Afaik aside from private schools all unis are free.
Where is Prague
Which is easier if they go early
] This way I found out I can understand Silesian/Kashubian on similar level to Polish, with Silesian probably even more
Based on this theory, their currencies are overvalued and their exports too expensive to compete, yet they are better each year.
It used to be common here too, but it somehow died out with the generation of my grandparents
Usually yes
On the other hand it is couple days ago I've read total nonsense about how health insurance is paid here from fellow Czech
You can't possibly know that, the last public opinion survey that asked specificaly this question is from April 2016 and the results were 51% for staying, 39% for leaving and 10% didn't know.
Tell me
Also, our typical allies France and UK were in distrust here due to their betrayal before war.
yes
Look at what happened to Turkey, Bulgaria, Slovakia, US, and UK in recent years.
Kladivo is pretty badass tho
**edit:** btw [dobrý kanál na Youtube] Polák mluví s jinými Slovany, aby se dověděli, jak si rozumí. (For others, a great Youtube channel where a Polish guy speaks with other Slavs to see how much they understand each other)
As for commissioners at the EC (or judges at the ECJ), I haven't heard of any country where people elect technocrats to offices
So according to ypur map, Krym still belong to Ukraine
Seriously
He decides who can try to build government coalition after elections - he already chosen his own minions’ government without parliament support once, and he let them rule for too long
And it is just 30 years ago
In EU for 15 years and EU don't really care, because there were written like "eventually" so we didn't do anything wrong yet
Dude I'm not saying that, I'm just saying that we should be prepared for a response if we move against Russia
The city where the beer brand Budweiser originated from
It's close to every other country in Europe, in case I feel like traveling, I like the countryside and the multitude of old castles and chateaus everywhere, there is a lot to do in the cities, our standard of living is not half bad, even though our wages are much lower than in Western Europe, and overall I don't have all that much to complain about
Now consider there are idiots in this country who would want a Czech-out
Its always cheaper to buy item than to gamble because lots of people are overbuying randomness and the items on the market are undervalued
I have a friend who had to do required continuing education, and she has to pay for it
But if you both enjoyed it, yes, it was totally date
I think it depends
203 people died and there were over 1000 injured
Máj is a peak of czech romantism and Mácha uses the whole beauty of the Czech language
It's a pain at first but later it's so, so satisfying
it should be pronounced as "k".
That is a direct evidence that something like nationality like existed in Austrian empire
*Kudlanka*, derived from *kudla*, "jackknife". Praying mantis is then *kudlanka nábožná* meaning it's "religious".
I suppose it's quite obvious for us.
Clearly not much has changed there mentality wise
> Username czech_your_republic
We simply hate when someone says Czechia is an Eastern European country because we are a Central European country and the fact is an important aspect of our national identity
22,5°C is where home is
coincidence
In Czech it's 'zhebni' and 'zhubni'
It's also worth mentioning that despite they were called robots, they weren't robots in the modern sense but artificial organic life forms, much like replicants from Blade Runner
decent people can get arms here now with easy as long as they met all requirements, which would stay.
love the czech one
Potato-based, [quark] and leavened dough, can be filled with smoked meat, sauerkraut, plums, strawberries, pears, or apricots
The only person who I've ever met that does that would be my Czech grandmother, maybe twice a year
You're absolutely correct mate
A common Czech tongue twister is Strč prst skrz krk (stick your finger through your mouth), but even more bizarre creations exist;
Many people behaved in opportunistic way and tried to claim what they could.
Muslim Albanians, Turks in Bulgaria or Lipka Tatars don´t weas scarves.
See, I always thought bramboračky were a more ubiquitous fast food
Ha, nice to see that this dude gets some recognition on the European level.
I feel 0 connection to Dutch people even after living there for years
The "t" is often silent in a fast speach
Not OP, but I dislike [how it sounds]
The longest serving member of communist government was Plojhar, a roman Catholic priest
Everybody knows that this won't fly with Spanish government, therefore it has no chance to be actually realized
In Prague, you can even find some plaques with names of fallen civilians, where they died
disorderly, some were deported to Germany or sent to Soviet union, some were blackmailed by communist police to become THEIR collaborators
I hope that coronavirus help change the abomination that tourism in Prague have become
You think I wear my hawaiian shirt, tesco sandals and cargo shorts in our streets
" It's hard to explain all the benefits when the regular person feels that the policy only causes more burden (and the companies are good at framing it as a "sorry to bother you, it's the EU's fault"
> Hanged, drawn and quartered
Oh, I was just joking around, I know nothing about Lithuanian politics.
Why use 10 000 grasshoppers when we can have 1 horse
Never
When in Nice, you're happy to see Bentleys
of course
Kinda controversial generally speaking, but a Slovak could be accepted (our prime minister is already Slovak)
I wouldn't have though I would care, but I genuinely found the state of the historical center quite sad
Dollar-On 15 January 1520, the Czech Kingdom of Bohemia began minting coins from silver mined locally in Joachimsthal and marked on reverse with the Czech lion.
He himself doesn’t speak German but he spokes both Czech and Spanish and his parents only speak their language and German
after all if you had any other choice
Blb vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč.
If you are wondering like me what are those tube buildings, here is [an article] (it's a music theatre and an exhibition hall)
Tusk is from our region, he represents our interests more than anyone from outside of our regin could, so of course the other three V4 countries support him.
I also don't call Slovakia the Slovak Republic, so why not shorten it
Obviously you can't record the story of every single human, but you can get 99.9% of a language on electronic medium.
It's not like there were never any worries though.
Wouldn't that be Republic of Bulgaria
The only thing they have is their community.
He was nicknamed the Butcher of Prague
As I wrote in the other comment, first you have to be acknowledged as a regular by the staff as well as by other regulars, then the regulars slowly accept you more and more until one day you may get invited to the table
People, intelligent people, around me still claim it’s all overblown and hysteria
I think měšťáci would disagree with this classification :D
There are apps at google store simulating all popular game lootboxes (CSGO, FORTNITE
You should've started feeling depressed back in 2013...
People in southern region of the Czech Republic consider anybody whos family doesn't live there at least 5 generations "naplavenina" (silt, something dirty brought by water).
in the end the robber attacked their evidence
I guess you're right
Now we've got abortion on demand up to 12th week of pregnancy and up to 24th week if a genetic disorder is discovered.
Why is it "socialist" left but "populist" right?
In czech:
And the Czech Post (Česká pošta) is kind of a running joke, because there's basically zero chance of your package actually being delivered to your house, they just give you a piece of paper saying that you weren't home and to pick it up at the post office (and those are often really busy because of it)
Owning one
Just my two cents
Meh, we're used to hearing foreigners refer to us as Eastern Europe.
The cookie law was nothing but a huge nuisance to 99% of the Europeans.
But anything to do with history for example is just complete garbage
Does fortress/Festung count
If we stay sane and united I don't think there is anyone to truly challange us or something we couldn't do.
Twitter is hysterical
One third of our country is covered by forests, out of which rougly only 0,03% are old-growth ones.
Average Brno enjoyer
I wouldn't expect that
Where is 0-10% section
Just because of the way our language works I think it's gonna be harder to change things like these
We are talking 15th century, not 600 AD.
If you wanted to have "amateur garage" music band, you had to get permission from ideological commission
Her body was never found, because nobody really knows where the pipe leads
There was also a controversy over calling potato/sugarbeet alcohol with rum aroma "rum", and a lower-fat spread "pomazánkové máslo", but both of these have been resolved, though some folks are still a bit butthurt over it
Babiš, the CEO of Czech Republic
"Do you have a Tv there
Coutryside
I always liked Thomas Jefferson.
Depends, if there's a Czech dub I'm DEFINITELY playing it with that but I mostly use English subtitles
They wrote to each other about their shared hobby, then they invited their families over to visit their respective countries, spent holidays together etc
1 crown
They're formally in charge of the army, sign laws after the parliament approves them, and some other stuff, but they can rarely actually do anything against the will of the parliament or the government and their main role is shaking hands with other heads of state and holding speeches on national holidays
him (German clerk in his early 30s): you have an unusual name, where are you from?
I’m from trmice and actually trmice look great (i’m not saying great like great but it looks way better than for example ústí nad labem) but most people when they think of trmice actually think about a part of ústí nad labem called předlice but if you look at trmice i don’t know of any part that actually looks bad
It is extremely popular here
I've heard you call them *drevokocúr* (woodcat) as a joke here, is there any truth to it
>crimes committed with firearms are more deadly than those committed with knives
Meme is masculine in Czech
Luxembourg - tax heaven and everybody’s very rich
Also could you please send me a link for the list, once you’re done
I look forward to it
The revival is somewhat a double-edged sword as it saved the language but it also efficiently kills anyone’s will to learn when taught in a school
Bottled water here is 3 crowns a litre (cheap basic water, there might be cheaper alternatives even) and the cheapest beer (Which is undrinkable shit that I would not touch with a pole, you are italian so think cheap carton vine) is like 7 CzK a bottle, you get 3 Czk for returning the bottle so its 4 crowns for half a litre, so its 8 crowns a litre
Whichever country get this, I hope they will see some benefits out of it, more than a few jobs and lot of tax evasions.
Looks cool, keep it coming :)
The vast majority of people are not individual units.
It's much cheaper than a tour group and more personal to boot.
Lauria IT
He was noble
(rose's (love) was appeared by fragrant sigh)
A lot of, if those angainst which Jan Hus protested count
If all the major parties support Czexit, it will definitely happen.
Czechia and Czech Republic are both official, some people shorten it to just Czech
If you live in a city then you have to either use a rental company, fit it in your car or ask a friend with a van/trailer
The rule where to apply period and where not is insanely complex, expecting you fully understand the grammatical role of every word in the sentence
You could also try to say the glorious ř, hmm like in this word: třtina
(he promised a visit but he doesn't show up at all)
Oh my, the buildings reproduce
But I don't think we would dislike you
We had inflation of 0,7% and GDP growth around 2,4%.
"Mít v malíku" - to have in one's littlefinger, same as in Polish
Perfect location for travelling, everything in Europe is close be it UK, Spain or Bulgaria
Our government is a bunch of incompetent meerkats
In one specific instance a cyclist threw herself at full speed into me and a crowd of other people trying to cross the street, ringing her bell like a maniac and yelling at us to get out of the way
Same with "mess" being one of the reasons :D My mother luckily didn't blame teenage me for it, she just considered cooking fails a natural part of college life/early 20s, she'd joke about stuff like "don't worry, when I first invited your father for dinner, I made him spaghetti with ketchup and I thought that was so impressive"... My grandparents would ask if I went to the mensa regularly, so that "I'd have at least one hot meal a day", the idea of cooking as a student didn't exist to them I guess
3 usually, Red, green and knock off red Chinese apples that I am allergic to that cost twice the price both of the previous ones combined
So he became a Nazi
He joked with Putin about "liquifiyng journalists", so one supporter made him a wooden gun with Becherovka supplier (Becherovka being Zeman's favourite liquor) and on the side there is written ( 'on journalists')
It's more about the capital city, Prague but it's great
But I meant just some words
It was this [scientific calculator Casio] with the cover you could slip the calculator into from both sides
"Hey, do you know how do you say 'hedgehog' in Polish
One of the earliest Czech texts are actually [St.
I think there is a version of the EU
You are out of employment for 6 years, your collegues meanwhile specialised and they might overtake your position, you lag behind, you need shorter shifts to care about your childern, which unfortunately again lower your chances in competitive environment.
Maybe you keep the good meat in your country and export all the leftovers, who knows, but then you can't be surprised stereotype like this exists
Ah, kurva, I wrote a comment about Protectorate and Pérák as well, without knowing it's already here
I wonder what you would say if the government of the Czech Republic would suddenly say it decided to withdraw the name in the same manner as it announced it will submit the name
To quote:
If there is some drink, drug or mental issues I'd understand but generally there seems to be some glee about it on the parents side, tough love like they are doing the kids a favour
Oh, the good ol' [Seven-day war]
At least not in the sense you are refering to
Prague is not just nice asphalt paths, especially if you need to cross downtown areas, these "dutch" style heavy city bicycles, with couple of gears if ever are not really handy too considering the difference between highest and lowest point in Prague is more than in whole Denmark and about whole Netherlands
Or any word with th sound - I just say d instead
>Czech Republic stole a cargo of 660 ton of masks and ventilator directed from China to Italy
But I don't think they are the same
For example, to turn your nice country into radioactive wasteland only about five bombs are needed (we have around 14 000).
Well, I know it's not common in Spain, but that's because they don't have the sauna culture (because of the warmer weather I believe)
most Czechs and Slovaks would claim that they speak the other language though
Hollywood can be pretty backward.
probably he finds my question silly.
sauce: am a Czech who says that all the time intentionally
|plenty of trees|--------------|unlivable pollution|
it almost seems like half the nation is pro-Putin and the other half anti-Putin.
Those thugs are in every country.
Also koruna for both our currency and crown (either the jewel or the thing a dentist puts in your tooth when it is diseased)
It's interesting to compare different perspectives, and if there is contention, you'd just agree to disagree, since different things are important to others and that's cool
Im a part of a group partnered with the Charles University (biology) and we help saving and preserving our nature
Quite a lot, in fact
But there is an option, you can rent a trashy room in building that is falling apart, for rent that costs like a fine apartment in fashionable area of city
Some really distant relative like son of cousin of my aunt.
Blb vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč.
In my country there is almost everyone Atheist
I assure you, it has a huge value for many people
There is huge [memegroup] quoting any quote which was used during theatre displays to comment anything in real world
Generally seen as bad habit, but generally accepted
There are both the systems side by side:  [ But I can't find why there are two systems in the first place
The same as you I guess
At least they should have had the guts to say it openly that they simply don't want to meet with her.
But I've only been to the park, not any cathedral
Exactly - if you are doing shitty job or servicing people, you can have it (few), If you want 1,5x or higher wage than is average, you just cant have it
A lot of the stuff made by CEE was inefficient, was not sufficiently productive, lacked proper quality to be suitable for exportation, didn't benefit from economy of scales.
I am pretty sure you will not be able to tell
Where exactly is the conspiracy?
We've been doing badly in all Gender gap statistics I've ever seen.
Remember that on the stage you generally have a different name than in real life
Yeah we didn't create that flair
>worn out
An international supermarket chain will find a way to overcome a crisis but the smaller need our support to do so
She got to top because Khol considered her innocuous and she used the scandal to stab him in back.
:) I commend you for your choices, but the best ice cream I have ever had was a strawbery one in Hungary
You can go anywhere anytime
Looks like we made it
What if they ran under a car and caused an accident
My parents have two that I can borrow if I ever need to transport bigger stuff.
I agree with you, there was a lot of development in the last 20 years.
It's like this:
Don’t know if it is true, but it was told that it is the hardest slovan language and in top 10 hardest languages in the world
We usually put butter on bread, so it feels more "kosher" to stick cheese on butter (both milk products) than to put ham on butter
V4 came so far, only to be more than ready to go back
Slovenian is, of course, closer to other South Slavic languages
It might seem from this snippet that the poem is about love
Yeah, I think they were all removed because he wasnt exactly loved back then, for a good reason
The daughter travels to a deep space colony,  but when she arrives her parents aren't there, only robotic grandma, who will say her that her father will return at 1:30PM
Slovakia was far worse off under Hungary (in terms of development, support for the national culture and language, etc
These historical lands had some power of self-governance in certain areas
The right-wing government decided to do major budget cuts a few year prior, which kept the public debt relatively low, but also (arguably) killed economic growth.
Yes, that is definetly true, but still, our values differ throughout the continent
Because they want our sovereignty
Prodal by plešatýmu hřeben (he can sell comb to a bald guy) He is so convincing that he can make everyone like thing he talks about
Honestly if you own a house or anything besides a simple city appartment, buying a small trailer is a massive investment that will pay off hundredfold
We certainly wouldn't initiate any drastic change in our relations ourselves, but we would have to react in case his actions are unfriendly.
Well it has to be hard for other groups then
Largest I found is 148 m² with garage on the outskirts of Brno
It is true that dinner time is super late in the evening (well, at night for me), but people wake up the next day quite early anyway
Also [Museum of Decorative Arts] in Prague is nice, if you like design
It would besides other things prevent them to suppress potential successors.
Gottkanzler means "God Chancellor", like [God Emperor] which is a name Trump was sometimes called at /r/The_Donald (/r/the_schulz is sort of its parody but much better and glory and yuropean).
It's also not quite legal, aka you can get fined if you do it in front of a policeman, but generally, people don't care, thus they don't bother the police
I was there with our whole class when I was in middle school
We throw this doll during spring (I think) into the river, we used to do it in kindergarten so pretty old tradition
Russian, simply because of the alphabet, and if someone speaks in Russian then it sounds like they are either drunk or on some sort of drugs, I can speak it alright (sort of) but I can't write jack shit in Russian
So why would they make such an unpopular move
MEPs which represent the people in the EP are directly elected
Putin isn't stupid enough to invade a NATO member and unlike Crimea he has no semi-legitimate claim to the Baltics.
Russia feels omni-present even though it’s quite far
"nikdo nezranen" on the other hand
Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Austria, Germany, Israel, USA.
But I'm generally for thin slice originals like a very fresh Margharita 'za
net] PO BOX 229, 11121 Prague “. The official abbreviation of the party remained the same - “Vote Right Block [www
Yes, but in reverse
Too bad it took them 23 years to send a letter to the UN to do so
Dutch were supposed to be in the "luckier" bunch, on the other side Poles or Lithuanians were hit with 85% quota for extermination.
A gigantic, overwhelming portion of the Czech national identity is being able to speak the language on at least a fluent-ish level, generally not giving a fuck about any "heritage" or other crap
I can't help myself, but this sounded like a horror movie quote in my head when I read it
The Westminster guys had what
I dig it
We have been in one country for 67 years, yet there were quite differences between the two parts.
And dude now I have a good beard that filled up everything and can be shaped
* Seru na to (I shit on this), but also "To mě nesere" (I'm not shat by this)
No one is even remotely close to you
Cause politicians don´t know shit about anything, they can´t even repair roads, I have no idea why someone would expect them to know or even do something intelligent about climate
Had a slight heart attack the first time I saw one of those "be careful this road is bad" signs in Bavaria, since by Czech standards at the time the road was really smooth
My brother's got an Ing while I'm working towards mine, but even once we both have the title, it's going to be clear who the brighter sibling is
Also blood plasma, cytoplasm, sweat glands and many other anatomical things were first described by Jan Evangelista Purkyňe
Came when I was 17, and for some reason it keeps pulling me back
I've seen multiple people saying here they're right in the middle of Europe
For sure, to some extent
This is how you create single-issue voters and if there are gonna be other countries triggering referendums, they literally could not shoot themselves in the dick any more
There's a right-wing populist movement that loves to decry the tyranny of the Brussels bureaucracy (or something like that), but even those guys never *seriously* suggested leaving, because they realize we'd be fucked without the EU.
*Je mi to buřt.*  - "It's a scalded fat sausage of thick short cylindrical shape to me
\- Yugoslavia (for some fucking reason)
Most Czechs with any knowledge of German make a really big difference between those words
Linda&Hanka
It's basically pureed roasted vegetables, cream, gravy and spice.
You are talking about older, integrated German Roma, right?
I wouldn't worry about it
Situation in member countries differs a lot, and each country needs its special-tailored program.
That sounds pretty universal
Pretty much the only thing I can think of is [Polárka] It's a multipurpose hall used as a [shooting range] [ice hockey rink] etc
Mariano Rajoy
_ and it's foreboding
Basically Slovaks wanted independence cause they felt like "the lesser one" in our relationship
Beautiful place
I don't want to nitpick here but isn't "fried" supposed to be on oil or fat ? Toaster will just compress it and heat up
Like they can't grow on a plain or what?
I have seen even some czech people make similar mistakes
This would be considered still as car in my country.
In Czech it’s smrtonosná past
Usually big companies produce stuff in multiple factories so they create local variants with slightly different recipes (Coca-Cola US uses corn syrup, Coca-Cola Mex uses sugar) based on local prices of ingredients
And how they saved us from becoming vassals of US
I'm not sure, If am ready to see Danes drinking from german skulls and them having various body parts as talismans.
I like literally everything about Italy with the one exception being the work culture.
What's your standard for a "working" high speed rail, if the TGV doesn't qualify
It won't be cheaper only if you assume high volume of flights.
Gallows humour, very self aware
It's just that the shortenings have trivialized these ancient beautiful names laden with symbolism, and it's difficult to translate this effect across a language barrier, so I have used a strong tool to break through :)
We used to do the same when I was in the TA twenty odd years ago
what was an Iranian general doing in Iraq
Uhm, never heard of a pile of hay
Almost everyone I know stayed at home until 25-30
We use it too (Czechia)
Poster only cites Iceland from 2016 data
Their existence Is the main reason we don't want euro, we're just lazy
I visited Vienna once for a day
It was a condition to continue working on KdF-Wagen/Beetle which he accepted
Or Šalingrad (šalina is the term for tramway there for whatever reason real people can't comprehend)
Well, their quality is terrible even in China
Slovakia- might be sustainable
You can work or start a business, you get access to health care, social security, parental leave etc.
Tahák, from word Tahat (pull) as it is going to pull you out of problems
Both my grandmothers lived through the war and occupation as adults, one in a small village in South Moravia (she was required to grow stuff for the German army and occasionally house German officers), the other was sent for forced labour in Germany (Totaleinsatz)
It's all about leadership
In the Czech Republic, drivers have almost universally several bad habits.
We got heavily investment from Germany.
Well, your comment implies that it is indeed celebrated in Slovakia when noone really thinks of New Years like that
Also, when we were in poland with my school, one of my classmates - a russian, had no problems and even spoke russian to older people who didnt know english
>Also, the EU hasn't gone fully one side on much, wtf you talking about
I also think that UK can and must now play a crucial role in keeping EU and USA on same page in relation to NATO and push hard against protectionism.
Distance scales sometime feels weird
But, Europe is bigger than our small czech basin and we need to take part in it, otherwise we gonna isolate ourselves.
Feminine: mal(é) kočky (little cats) -> mal(ý) kočky
I'd love to see an NN like this get better over time.
Of course we can (and should) not completely abandon all US-made military technology tomorrow, but if we want to be more self sufficient we eventually need to start somewhere.
During communist Czechoslovakia, he belonged to the criminal police "ŠtB". His government relies on the support of the Communist Party
I had to confuse him with fornit
We all know that the US have more people per capita than the rest of the world, by a lot
The thing is that cyprus is sometimes considered an asian country, so you might be last
In addition we have a lot of civilian conceal carry firearms all over the place
Ive alway wondered
[11
We agreed to those so that we didn’t have to finish after 4 or 5 pm on a long day
(and 1Litre bottle of Absolut vodka for less than 10EUR anywhere counts too :)
Wait, German Unity Day isnt about Bismarck, true unifier of Germany
Czech can use some consonants (r,l,m) as syllabic and therefore function as a syllable nucleus (usually a vowel), so sentences without vowels aren't unusual
How is it in your country
She can tolerate cats, but she is terribly afraid of dogs
We have just enough people coming to have a moderate sustainable population growth and at the same time we attract people who actually end up contributing to our society and whose kids are very well integrated.
Loved the cartoons when I was a child, still a great watch today.
I don’t really feel that way, if you aren’t Slav, there is no way you will pronounce our words right (as a tourist) and I think it’s much faster to just speak English, just say:”I’m sorry I don’t speak your language, do you speak English
French comedy in general is extremely underrated.
They even took your arm with them.
&#x200B;
when the war come what we will do
Why use 10 000 grasshoppers when we can have 1 horse
It's a pain at first but later it's so, so satisfying
I guess Russia
And of course Czech related stuff
[Soviet tank crashing into a house in Liberec] or [a protester standing in defiance on a Soviet tank
That sure is some dedication to tradition
Czech - stůl - a table
there are riots in low-income suburbs of big French cities sparked by alleged police brutality on a kid with immigration background.
Which doesn't make sense at all
Dogs and cats must be all chipped and registered here
Honestly, I don't think much would have changed is the USA hadn't nuked them (as far as WW2 goes).
If you want more of a conspiracy there are plenty of less-popular yet undead languages: Polish, Bulgarian, Ukrainian, Kazakh, Mongol, etc.
Fucking traitors
is sort of like a small version of Karlovy Vary
[Spaniards have learned it the hard way]
Anybody been there before
\*cough\*
oh, I always forget that Istanbul is not the capital of Turkey
Winter
Yeah sure the idea behind it might be nice, but it doesn't really help the owners of the cars you smashed because they dared to be in your way
Yup, been to Znojmo underground and it's pretty cool
Farmers markets offers a fresh trout (but not all of them and once per week).
I feel trapped when I'm inside, the sun can't reach the ground nearly as much, you can't see the sunset, and the list goes on
Czech church (or better to say many priests) collaborated with commies.
This is not the common way to write numbers in Czech, though, some people still say that way and on some occasions you may use it
A lot of them sell stuff on street markets or own different asian restaurants (atleast the first generation did that, the current ones generally have a much, much better education and work in all kinds of areas), and that's about the most asian thing people here encounter.
Robotization might be problem for them.
Don't worry, we are too
and he should have been recognized immediately after war
And so what that the capital of your country is popular
Our right wing could be your centrists (based on their views)
We learn cursive only, though many people learn printed-like by themselves
Just give up
u wot
Here would be Poland or Hungary
One such area is common european military, which is strongly supported by the V4 (and mainly Poland).
If you go in November or Feb or March, it’s a ghost town and it’s awesome
Wow, I really like this new pokemon map
sort of, there isn't a week I can't see something like 'it's called aluminum you silly', 'its truck not a car you idiot' and shits like that
Scratch ticket and elk = los
Close the tab, close the browser
There's no other legitimate pretender to the throne than His Royal and Imperial Majesty Charles of Hapsburg-Lorraine.
I feel like it would have been more difficult to find a similarly progressive and egalitarian-minded man among Czechs, there's a bit of a macho culture here
When you're hiking, but also just walking through a village
At least I learned about all them with -us and -os as such
I barely knew her
We are very dependant on trade with other countries in EU and if that stopped, we would become a 3rd world country
btw, since you're Polish, let me compliment your nation's cinematography on movie Sexmisja
I have no problem with English and prefer consistency
Apparently they become presidents of Russia
Too bad it's expensive and not common here
There is no real plan in place so they’re ad-hoc putting new measures in place as if they didn’t have months to prepare
At the same time, civic society and democratic culture/institutions are not yet strong enough to give certain limits to the politicians.
What
That's a normal window
in a simple words it is completely impossible to have so tight connection between church and state (or educational system) like in Poland.
He was Greek finance minister few years ago during the talks of Greece's bailout.
So it's the classic chorts/devils, dragons (crocodiles), víly/rusalky, noonwraiths, ghosts of White Ladies, hejkal, dwarves in mines, vampires/werewolves (the Slavic vampire is not distinct from a werewolf, unlike the more "western" kind), witches, bludičky/will o' the wisp, fexts
Yeah, Ano is just a scheme to rob the country of as much money as possible
Ye, I noticed it ended about a year after my Erasmus in Denmark
However, this might be because of generally worse customer service here
, protože si ho rádi pamatujeme jako skvělého císaře, ale jeho syn Václav je v učebnicích jako IV
Luckily this is not allowed here and penalty is quite big
We had it for big birthday celebrations usually for kids under 6 or 5 (or whoever wanted to join them, usually we all until puberty preferred playing with "fellow kids" instead of sitting and listening to adults)
The few companies have and maintain a virtual monopoly on food sales in Eastern Europe, simply because they have the means of buying ingredients cheaper, producing large quantities that reduce costs and have established branding and distribution contracts.
Well, at least I knew about "the desired king", liberal revolution and reaction in early XIX century
Mhmm
It’s mostly on the villages nowadays, but it’s about men going door by door, slap women’s butts with pomlázka (“a braided whip made from pussywillow twigs”) to make them young and get rewarded with a shot of slivovitz
They only know them from what is presented on television \^\^
Dad is dyslexic and one language is apparently enough for him
The german films were mostly shot in the mountains and I watch then purely because I like the scenery
Sure, but that should not include financing someone who they have reasons to believe will not honour their debt or that, in this particular case, is promising to implement policies that would greatly affect those banks.
Bridge day (2x - basically extra holiday)
Looks like you are getting sandwiched
Once he was speaking with some Hungarian guy and for 30 minutes
Happy cake day
Nowadays all our good politicans are inspired by their ideals
It's like, we were Spain call Castile
In czech republic I still encounter it, but very rarely
*Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer?
unless you are a lumberjack or rebuilding gardens a van do better job than hilux
Once a week, that is on Saturday, men and women take a bath together, and what appears to me eyes as a matter of utmost indecency and savagery, they are not bashful to reveal their nudity in the presence of all walking with their private parts clearly on public display
Cheers
Yup, drak for both
Gun violence is extremely low in Czech Republic, we're not America.
Yep, Google it, they're basically supporting Taliban.
Very Spanish and much Spanish
Now rewind back to the Korean War
Yes, it's still done, usually reserved for people with questionable ties with China and Russia
I thought people would learn by now not to come to conclusions based on polls.
I suppose the closest thing I can think of is the location of Battle of Austerlitz (also known as Battle of Three Emperors), where Napoleon destroyed the combined armies of Austria and Russia.
I mean it would be similar if Klaus was prosecuted and basically awarded the amnesty to himself, which is what is happening in Romania with Dragnea.
The Polish [National anthem]
One of these is not like the other.
You should drive with both hands on the wheel though
I'm in general quite satisfied with my body, but often I wish I was a bit shorter, because it just limits my dating possibilities.
* [Jiří Schelinger - Holubí dům]
Nice one
There are gangs/mafias parasitizing on their situation.
Nope, not a conspiracy, dual product quality is definetely real thing
It’s pretty fucking good but I think more national one is svíčková.
The bastard is 20 years old, and refuses to die
His party gained big percentage this elections so hopefully it'll get balanced out the next one
Pick the single WORST issue they could have that instantly antagonises basically entire millenial generation + anyone else with shred of common sense
In order to raise a kid to be a good person and a member of its society without any use of (light) violence, a lot of things have to align and a parent can influence only some of them.
Thank you I also accept digital high-fives.
I have about five in my fibula head + some other piece of metal
the best building in Bratislava
I like the Liechtenstein one, looks like a plate from 50s.
King of Iron and Gold (Přemysl Otakar II
**Ústí nad Labem:** poor, polluted, lots of gypsies, port
Obviously just as any nation, we have plenty of artists, statesmen, scientists or sportsmen, but when talking about our heroes, one of my first associations would be Jan Kubiš, Josef Gabčík and the entire team of parachutists plus all the people from the Czech resistence that helped them with their mission which was called [Operation Anthropoid]
And believe me, I know a bit about that, because my name (Honza) is used by a universally known fairy tale character "Simple Honza".
I think some of us call you "Pšonci" for the exact same reason
But frictional unemployment is pretty low, like 2 % (I am talking about Czechs here who like stability and change jobs on average only once every 7 years or so).
Thank you
For example, there is a book "Z tajností žižkovského podsvětí" from the 1930s that extensively parodies gangster pulp stories and uses this reputation for various comedic effects
How does the Celtic element manifest itself now in Wales?
Yet some people will continue telling us how democratic Russia is.
Seeing Czech Republic so high up the list makes me call bullshit on that.
Der frenc, in najntýn ejty nájn, áftr velvet revolúšn in ček rypablik, aj helpt es studnt rebyld soušl demokraci in aur kántry
Yeah and it's true for the most part that the stuff you export here is usually the cheapest and honestly shittiest stuff you can buy.
And in same year Hungarians tryed a little independece revolution
transgender people are more accepted than gay people.
Looks that way
Well, "in this case" would indicate there are other cases for this word too
We have "he smokes like a factory".
It's been a holiday for like two years
Czech lawmakers described the rules as anti-Semitic, and discrimination against "the only democracy in the Middle East". Israel's ambassador Gary Koren thanked the parliament for its decision
It is detached from the actual experience and influences their propensity for social engineering, regulations etc.
I only find it a bit sad that we often shift to English for convenience with related nations too quickly rather than putting in a bit more effort to understand each other
There is early dinner (4-5 PM), then the gifts are unpackaged, and everyone watches fairy tale ať 8 PM
Yeah, many people here feel that ČT doenst deserve the funding either
I've been born and raised in Czechia so I identify as Czech but I acknowledge the Slovak and Romanian sides too as we have quite a big family in Slovakia and we used to visit them for many years
It sound weird, but after my one year stay in Germany I love it with sauces now
Poor Bavaria has to share a country with all the other Bundesländer that just can't drink enough beer.
Interesting
First thing that came to mind is Žijeme len raz  It is a Slovak song but it played everywhere and all the time in 2012
We get two kinds of immigrants:
I dare say I know more about the region than your average European, but I would still love to explore the area a lot more
Yeah, my dad is expert with this
Towns and cities now can prohibit this kind of business, but it just move it elsewhere
it should be pronounced as "k".
I speak Czech (so basically all slavic languages), English (Pretty well I would say) And a bit of German And I have to say english is the easiest of them
And sometimes there's good story, like 1/10 or 20 is good
Or, it takes one to know one
We have some asbestos at home and at our garden too, I think people don't really care much
Seriously one American asked me this
I would say Vltava from Bedřich Smetana
Žijeme Len Raz by EGO
Pořádný black Friday ne
People who were outside of Europe and surroundings usually understand how much do Europeans have in common
Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, UK, Belgium
noo, we like cutting Germany in the middle
I could probably tell if someone is british but I might mistake for example germans for americans if they're really good
I think thats just normal number across europe
and rail network size
Slovak is often perceived as some sort of "esperanto" of Slavic languages, I guess that's understandable given its central position among all the 3 slavic language subgroups
You can't *just* reactivate a weapon in your shed anyway, you need new bolt (that's the first part that's gets damaged when deactivating) for that, which is likely illegally imported from outside of the EU.
Sarsina IT
Why Latvia, tho
Though I don't really see what is to good for in this day and age.
Lots of them
The government policy can either help or hinder the economic growth.
I feel disappointed :(
> I always believed in you, Joe
As far as I know they are legal in every country in world
For example look at the population and GDP growth of Germany and France in the 1930s and Russia and Poland in the 2010s. You'll see completely opposite trends
The problem is that these days, I probably consume more English than Czech during day from videos to podcasts, reading stuff
I can't imagine a situation when the number of people would make difference
buy more Škoda cars as a thank you
But I understand that the communist part is still what Brits mostly have stuck in their minds.
I really meant the Hungarian language as being one of the few truly unique traits
Lapio FIN
I know English and Czech
Because like it or not, the fact is that wealth is very strongly correlated with the quality of one's education
It’s **SVÉ** osobní věci, you fucking illiterate imbeciles
There are also many slovaks, that didn't learn czech at all, still get jobs and have a normal life and czech friends
I want a food delivery company to have a drop point at us
Tons of them
Wow, Jožin Bažin :D
dk] shows that
Don't know about his admirations, but yeah
The worst thing about Pilsen is their famous beer, it is mediocre, dull and incredibly overpriced brand
So, I am not quite sure who is the one "wasting" money here
fuck, there are so many people using czenglish, even mcdonalds used it once, it was like "Jsi hungry na new burgery
[Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia in Bratislava, 1968] Slovak man showing courage and defiance
And perhaps a cartogram based on the population would be even better.
Jokes about "horrible British cuisine" - meat pies are one of the greatest things in cooking, change my mind (you can't)
copyright, including, in particular, those which guarantee the freedom of expression of users
I mean, they already can and the 4 day work week isn't happening, so
YOU DON'T TRUST THE POLITICIANS AND THEIR JOURNALISTS
Many places in Germany missed the chance.
Don’t exchange money here, most places have ridiculous fees while acting free - use card or honest guide map to find good exchanges
Austrian half of the Empire actually recognised it's ethnical minorities and gave them some autonomy, however small it was.
Just shut the fuck up
I was in Ukraine few times, including last 'problematic' year and was near 'problematic' areas.
Beating girls with sticks and getting sweets seems unique
So you wouldn't like to reconcile with the alternative (i.e.
> our country is basically one big bowl/valley
Really
Perfect location for travelling, everything in Europe is close be it UK, Spain or Bulgaria
Maybe because včela is pszczoła.
Geting so drunk you resemble an animal more than a man
There was around 800 shelters just in Prague in 1989.
Love actually is a classic here too
There are some nice [cartograms]
Especially with the LGBT+ stuff
Mor egerman ? socks and sandals ? with beer ? 10/10 Czech republic
Pilsen is pretty great
Spent a couple of months up there one Spring or late Winter I suppose, near Muonio in a nice little holiday village of wooden huts in the forest, skiing and sauna everyday
Example:
Lit-huania
Nice to hear that
Most foreign is Karlovy Vary (Carlsbad), it looks like most of Eastern Europe countries and there are even orthodox churches
My understanding of Polish is not bad
They get paid the same amount of money per patient so it's more profitable to have someone who's fine than someone who you actually have to spent the money on treating
It is about keeping Russia strong enough to be safe and sovereign.
I guess [this] [this] [that] and a whole lot of [this] And also the **good** mafia game
I think you're confusing terms, they are not talking about communist buildings as a whole
But when I think about it, I'm pale blond with blue eyes, almost all of my furniture is from IKEA, I don't really like people being close to me
It would take a massive effort to change anything on such a large scale, let alone changing the whole train infrastructure of Europe, though I’m sure things can be done to better the experience of passengers
* Chrt pln skvrn zdrhl z Brd
We are used to it, so we dont see it
And ended up just getting his license and guns legally in Norway
I can't think of anything named after our country.
We will be good in future too, no worries, demographic projections for year 2050 show our population at 10,5 mio
I would say they are about as popular as any other kind of specialized (in specific cuisine) restaurant.
The ones in Germany are economic immigrants
For example:
If you're gonna have a federation that only holds together until the first major crisis, then it's pointless
Good luck trying to figure out if it's spelled as K, Ts, S or C.
And humor was probably the only way to survive the betrayal by the Allies in the Munich Agreement, nazism, communism etc
Illegal, but commonly tolerated and allowed on medical prescription(which is extremely hard to get).
The book took me 2 days to read (I could barely stop).
you have been in prague or what
Je suis entraîné en gorilla et je suis le meilleur tireur d'élite des forces armées toutes entières des États-Unis.
I didn't live through those times, so correct me if i'm wrong, fellow czechs
Yeah I came across that a couple of times on askreddit and asked American workmates too as I just dont get it
So in reality we're actually way more dependent on exports than Germany is.
Commie urban planners had the wonderful idea to run the highway just in front of it, so no luck in this case
passive listening
Noky (gnocchi) Halušky (smaller gnocchi)
Ending of episode 7 is still in my living memory even though it's years since I saw it first.
Czech 2 day long elections are the most useless thing ever, and I'm sure the methods of counting votes could be improved as well
Czech Brexit will be **Czechout**, yo!
They paid the priests, they decided which orders to disband and which to leave
Where the pine forest's wind was blowing
I think it would be quite success here (in Prague) and they would not have to be dependent on tourists
In fact, it seems like a weird dream that it was a thing in the first place
) The controls are pretty much random, so lot of people get away with riding withnout a ticket
I don't personally own one, and neither do most people I know my age (mid-twenties).
not to rain on your parade, but I live in Germany.
It's horrible a shameful
Thank you, up until now I thought I was the only one who experienced this
I’d like to thank Slovakia for the beautiful Tatra mountains and being together with us for a long time, Germany for trading with us, Poland for cheap sweets and mayonnaise and Austria for Alps
We used to see ourselves as the stable EU country in a sea of nationalism, illiberalism, pro-Russian Eastern Europe.
So when alien archeologists find Earth, they might find my body and see what we looked like.
u/GumiB
Austria
seriously, it's gonna be like this here in few months :/
Probably not to the same extent as Czech and US politics (which is like the best TV show ever) but yeah, I'm intersted
But I prefere "Česko"
Well, there is still a lot of time left, so maybe a party will impress me enough.
I'm not aware of any Slovákie figure, though
I want to see it one day
8th century
They have been trying for years and now they have suceeded
It depends, usually there are 3 or 4 red and 1 or 2 green
Islam is a theocracy in which only Allah rules and Muhammad is his only valid messenger
I study CS and English is mandatory even though my study programme is in Czech
Everyone I know drinks tap water - don't see a reason why someone would drink bottled water when tap water is often of superior quality and taste
At the time it was considered weird but more in the sense that we wondered what they could talk about with each other rather than it would be considered "predatory" from the guy
You'll just be wrong very often
Just don't take it personally when other people won't reciprocate your smile.
Oh that actually puts the today's proposal of one MP in Czech parliament to cut the state contribution to UNESCO to a completely different light.
Occasionally you can find someone who is bitter about Sudeten Germans / Beneš's decrees (our current scumbag president Zeman used the decrees against his opponent Schwarzenberg as a dirty scaremongering strategy in the presidential election back in 2013)
The grammar is real pain in the ass, complex sentences are hard to understand
Georgia - Gruzie
Russia will never allow it to align with the West, even if preventing that requires a direct military intervention
Can you provide a link to a previous discussion about this that you had in the past then?
We have plethora of them over here.
There are many unanswered questions and it is for sure in your interest to have you voiced heard as much as possible.
Depending on the region, in Bohemia mostly Beer and guláš, in Moravia mostly wine and anything that won't ruin the taste, and in Silesia mostly coal
I bet most guns in Sweden are hunting rifles and shotguns
In long term good infrastructure is always good for business as well
It’s pretty embarrassing and also worrying because maturita is coming up in a few years and I can’t see myself passing the Czech language/literature part of it lmao
Volá mi snad každej den
oh come on, it's not so bad (both of this buildings)
Most of people there were students going to Iron Maiden in Prague
How would you feel if everyone around you whos 18+ was allowed to carry any weapon except firearms, and anyone who is 21+ and passes set requirements and test had to be issued a licence to carry guns
That’s so true
\- \*insert any middle eastern country because no one has any basic geographic knowledge\*
Now you're persona non grata in the Czech republic.
The honorary mention could also be the [Ministry of Interior building] looming over Prague
The picture is from [Trojmezí] border region where Czechia (north), Austria (south) and Germany (west) meet.
Neutral is the best word to describe it
Do you still call it a day
Rugby is not some alien sport here though
I completely forgot the asking for money thing
We are number 2 car producer in the world counted by number of cars per population.
yeah, and in most parts of the world the keyboards don't have the key for í xD, it goes like Shift, z, x, c, v, ...
In my final year one semester will be intership 4 days, school 1 day
We don't use I love you (Miluji tě) often and we say it only to family and to our beloved second part of us.
Wanna go out
Yeah, sure, but 95% of us just sit at home and enjoy the day off
In my country nobody gives a fuck
Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Czechia, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Moldova all have some cheeses worth tasting
And I don't mean this to brag at all or bash the EU.
Merely German-speaking Czech province
what piss me more on German highways are germans overtaking imaginary cars
Comparing to US or Western Europe it simply do not even cross our minds that someone could be religious
If you count only complete changes then this number is too high
Surplus is more popular, but investment might be better in long term.
And you won the first Eurovision
We will all be dead in a few years
We can't erase that history either, that would be like getting rid of all the memorials to absolutist monarchs or the Catholic church because they were also oppressing our people
Actually, [there were attempts]
you use your own bottles/glasses/jars
locative | vodě | vodách|wodzie| wodach
Don't forget about Jan Žižka and, most importantly, Jára Cimrman
* As others have pointed out, the German-derived "je mi to buřt/párek/salám" (It's sausage to me)
Which is fucking hillarious
haven't heard that one in a while)
Can't think of more
Try DuckDuckGo, probably the go to if you dont want to be spied on
Only some important days it may be "forgiven" but a lot of people would still think you are overreacting, that it's just for government offices to put it on without being cringy
I agree
There's a lot of declination (7 cases, 4 genders and 5 verb classes with very different patterns + a bunch of irregularities), verb aspects, hard to pronounce consonant groups, and Czech native speakers are not very used to talking with non-natives so they may not have enough patience
And if Republicans nominate somebody competent in 2024, they have good chances to win
Depends
cz] (československá filmová databáze - czechoslovakina film database) and they translated "John Snow" to "Jon Sníh", literally Snow = Sníh
It seems they just moved from castles to roads, though
I never said I taugh at schools
If we don't like a law/rule, fuck that, we will find a loophole or a way how go around it
It sounds like you're talking about placeholders
A Chancellor is basically the German term for PM, AFAIK
Like here I don't think there is a single party that would want to abolish the healthcare system for anything remotly similar to the US ones.
Germany and socks in sandals stereotype
Cops in car cautiously stopping another car
it's really weird
If anyone is going into this research and compare old and current, I would also like to see the trends
is it [forbidden syllogisms]
OP didn't forget, the nation did
I has surprised to discover that the majority of the offices had no windows
(And I live 50 km away from it) Could someone please explain the claim to me
Avera Holomóc enthusiast
Italy makes it easy for us, unfortunately.
I first got drunk when I was 13 and my mum laughed at me the next day
And Czech Republic has the same minority in superpower problem
Damn, the buildings, cars, the clothes people wear
mostly cheap furniture which doesn't stay long with couple of good things
YouTube down: Video site experiencing major problems in Europe
And their planned buffer zone contains almost all oil rich and fertile land from that part of Syria
a bit misleading because Prague is quite a small city and places like lovin hut are counted 9x because they have 9x exact same places around the city.
Many people there hide their orientation.
Explains the weird looks I've been getting from people when I greeted them when walking by, in a small town
What a world
On her Twitter tho, she claims that she speaks fluently
I want to be the one dot going to Canada.
Friday was never longer than 2pm
There's a million Turks in Germany who still have Turkish passports despite living there for ages (although it's by choice).
We've had scandals involving "sales events" and lonely elderly people, in which scam companies take a bunch of old people on a "free" bus trip or lunch and then pressure them into buying overpriced appliances or mattresses while they're locked in a room with aggressive manipulative salespeople
Few other friends are contemplating to start being Christians.
I noticed the same trend in the Czech Republic
" but it sounds the same as "*Jásám!"* ("I'm cheering") so the parents respond with: "So cheer then
Why
In my family we grill mostly fish, sausages (mostly [shorter thicker local variation]Špekáček) I don't know the translation for), skewers and vegetables.
Youth is terrible tbh, you are only free once you leave high school....
And Řehoř/Gregor Mendel discovered genetics and the laws of trait inheritance
For me Its the Netherlands I went there when I was 19 when I finished high school even tho the job Ive done was quite shitty I really enjoyed my time there, I was blown Away by the public transport and the way how the country was organised, I lived in the small town called Vught and people were very nice to me, this experience was definitelly valuable for me
> Also WTF, wikipedia, why does it correspond to "1, 2, 3, 4, ..." in other languages
I agree and I support further EU integration and eventual federalisation, but I am, sadly, in the minority here.
Gallows humour, very self aware
Slovakia is too poor to be an attractive place of migration for Czechs.
One word to rule them all, one word to find them, one word to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them
excited and naughty
Female: Victoria, Lara
We had 61 billion CZK central goverment surplus.
CIBULKA
So while in this case it's pretty hard to argue against returning it to Greece, there are much greyer areas
I  will probably get hated for this but that city feels like its much better on pictures and pretty boring and sort of fake or empty in person
IMDB: [
do you know what resistance means?
this was expected, they will ask for more money in the end
You could not dream up a worse candidate for president than Trump, except for maybe Hitler, and Hitler would be a zombie.
People mention laptops as benefits
I actually like ours
Freedom
It's common Balto-Slavic set, AKA the most preserved variant of the original 8-case PIE set
Can we please stop using reductio ad hitlerum
Mainly 40 years of communism, I guess
Good but insane
We wouldn't exist as a nation if we weren't like this and thus these knee-jerk reactions are strongly rooted in our mentality
And the quality and attitude of staff can be rather harsh
It is no longer possible anything what was common back in nineties (in term of cops etc) but It will need at least one generation switch to say there is really not much different between Austria, Germany and Czech except language....
Yup
Yay
i - and/too
If anyone outside Germany should get blame for WW2, it's France
He was swearing about it constantly, though
He, with help of the towns folk, set up a trap and killed the dragon
> Logan's run
\[…\]
Why does Hungary has the same state as Slovakia
You could try not reproducing, cause having a child leaves a big carbon footprint and as others said, change of diet, limiting the use of transportation by car and going on foot, bike or public transportation, second hand clothes ect
Congratz UK, Italy and Spain
Cznet - they start on 50mbps for 400Kc.
Even though I am not a fan of KDU, I think it is important for centre-right parties to unite and do something about this joke of a government
the buildings above are shitty, the bridge is a commie horror, built across a historical part and leads cars to the traffic jam in the old town
In Polish these meanings Are reversed
I prefer keeping changing times which is more natural (you have sunrise closer to the time when you wake up), but generally summer time is better for me (more sunshine/daylight in the afternoon after work)
On the contrary, people periodically ask me, when I'll finally apply for German citizenship.
They did have gun powder but they didnt really use it militarily that much
Why should the government get involved?
Don't ask me why, I have no idea :D
I'm not disagreeing with you, I just find it really funny.
Too many to count in Prague, lemme think of something
Excluding government offices
Dogs are fine, but I like cats more
It became widespread some time before WWII because of the enormous popularity of river tourism among Czechs
However, you could try [scvrnkls] it's one consonant shorter
* Charles I = Karel I.
5 and lower is I should've bought something warmer than a denim jakcet weather
**Russia** is your dream destination!
There is a conspiracy theory about [the Velvet Revolution] claiming it was more or less controlled by the Communist Party because they realised the Eastern Bloc was about to fall anyway so they wanted to save themselves and cede power calmly without violence preventing escalating things like for example in Romania.
it doesn't matter what skin color, religion or politic affiliation you folks have, you're all equally (un)pleasant.
I just want someone who can walk and isn't an old drunk
Then there are falling Socialists and Communists (both ~5-10%) whose voters got cannibalised by ANO
And yes I know that Czechy in polish makes sense
Yeah, the study being complete b****s.
Normally, one given name and one family name, say "Jana Nováková". Some folks get a second given name when they are christened (as children or adults), say "Jana Marie Nováková", and some folks have a double family name after they get married, appending their spouse's name to theirs (but usually the wife adopts the husband's surname, abandoning her own), say "Jana Marie Nováková-Horáčková".
The self-defense licence here is automatically issued if you meet the requirements and also counts as a concealed carry licence
Czechs, all the time, intentionally
It makes navigating some places really tiring :D.
We also have "How do you say X in Polish
That sounds less real than seeing a live unicorn these days
If you prove yourself a jolly companion, you may get directly asked to join them at the table the next time
Despite all ideological circus, they were technocrtas focused on the economical development in conditions of the Cold War and our geopolitical situation
Czech Republic:
Gun owners, at least in the Czech republic, are often better trained than the police
As a result, it's kinda ingrained in the Czech national consciousness to be extremely wary about foreign powers meddling here
Europeans of Reddit, what does your Christmas Day looks like?
We use it quite often in Czechia
I see what you mean
> put on sweat pants
Edit: Just learned that it was raised to € 50 and that it's 63 for 2nd child and 80 for more childs (per every child)
Germany just doesn't give a fuck
It looks like you need to save 50% of your income or you just live above your means
Mia kusenveturilo estas plena da angiloj
Several other Roman military camps were found (for example Olomouc-Neředín) or are suspected, but there was no permanent Roman presence
Plus I get paid for doing occasional stuff for their company, so it's not like I do it for free
In Czech *linecké těsto* (Linzer Mürbeteig
I hope my comment made sense lol
Yeah they're asking me in stores aswell
It's from the very famous poem Máj (May) from the 1800's. I'll try my best at a translation
Czechia
[Párek v rohlíku] would be the most iconic one
>*In year 1934 Ferdinand Porsche had been forced by Hitler to give up the Czechoslovak citizenship and took the German one
Austria: Rakousko (after castle Ratgoz/Raabs that lied in that direction)
I wanted to move to Germany and I did.
Because it would mean sunrise at 9:30 and sunset at 19:00 in winter
Ticket inspections: Bolek
> > while it's a great feat being/becoming the embodiment of the contemporary taste/fad, it's only that
> The Hawaii comparison is poor
People try to pronounce it as if it was some sound they know, because "th" is just too hard
Weird
I love the beautiful historical centers, the sound of the Arabic language, the cuisine, the pottery, the lovely Mediterranean countryside, the atmosphere in the evenings, the blend of European and Berber culture etc
I do hope there will be friendly relations and cooperation between nations, but I don't want us to become one nation
Finally some good fucking news
If you have any afternoon classes (after 3:30 pm), you get a whole period break after the 4th, 5th or 6th lesson
Also had a huge dumpling filled with poppy and vanilla sauce, it was called an Alpine Dumpling
Sometimes, a name has radically different colloquial version originating in a somewhat transformed German version of the name
Im proud to be Czech
I mean, it's def not at every second corner, but if a town has about 50-70k inhabitants, there will probably be a KFC
Actually, their semester starts a little earlier, so I spent a part of summer and the warm part of autumn there, so it was not all bad, but yeah, I probably could've made a better choice
Deferred payments can be used to deflect any criticism, and a naive, *ignorant* public will sit back and cheer them on.
Public transport here is quite efficient, it means
We have "baby jesus" called Ježíšek.
I had a weak moustache, chin and sides
Regardless, we do have gendered words and the gender just naturally comes to me (us)
" \*Wilhelm scream as a giant tide of TP buries everyone alive\*
Strange feeling, never seen that before here.
Carrying guns and other means of self-defence is ok in the Czech Republic (no laws to regulate weapons except firearms)
Article 1
I guess
But in an argument, you can throw them out lol
Most Czech schools still teach the same cursive we were taught
kar means cock in a bunch of other languages  as well :)
You who
Pretty common
Politics is art of possible; the most dangerous people are radical idealists who prefere "ideals" to realistic compromises
Oh no
I'm from the Czech republic, so from a country which is geographically most western from the Eastern European countries.
And if someone is, then it is likely very personal and you will not even find out (people usually don't want to stand out)
Just because of the way our language works I think it's gonna be harder to change things like these
Speaks for power of integration probably :D
"wanna sprite cranberry
I can definitely see differences.
But unfortunately they are not usable for people with impaired movement.
It was abolished easily in 1990 as a part of major changes after the Velvet revolution (fall of the communist dicatorship)
His sentence
You mean Vratislav
Yes
I know only two people living abroad, one of which already came back.
Me, a Czech who doesn't like svíčková
+ and one more point, a picture or video clearly not from US but there is always some comment like 'there is a lawsuit waiting' or OSHA
But Czechs are in general not comfortable with people dressing in a way, which shows their belonging to a certain religion (since Czechs are mostly atheists wearing visible religious symbols kinda draws attention to you).
It is terrible, thanks for asking
Fyi, our keyboards do support almost every special character that can be written in latin alphabet
The right to own you talk about, it is a new thing, that populists added few years back to make very small and very loud minority happy
I mean we already have Black Fridays and Santas and what not, so why not this one
Iran forces helped Iraq in fight with ISIS a lot
As others have said, this would be an EU issue and if the US wanted to exclude some members, then I don't think it would be acceptable, even if the US threatened us with economic consequences.
We have the same in czech, except with i/y, s/z, mě/mně,  je/ě.
should've been der Kunde = c*nt in Czech
RIP France
Člověče nezlob se (Don't be angry man) and Prší (Raining) which is a card game
The 10% showing are actually all from south Moravia
I never claimed we were a part of Western Europe, we've always been Central
The fockin yankees killed our fockin empoyer innit
I had this big calculator with cover you could turn over and slip the calculator into while you're using it so I always had tahák in it for math, physics and chemistry inside
no thanks, we've had it with far left.
But for some reason churros with chocolate is something I find awful
Read Czech newspapers and talk to Czech people
Here, it pretends to be the same product (same producer, indistinguishable package, etc.), while containing something else.
It got much better, there are many works on this subject now.
They never caught him
This echochamber mentality goes both ways and it is visible in many issues
Asola IT
He told me about all the things Finnish people were complaining about and that was the moment when I realized that no matter where you go, there are always problems and issues to be solved
Written
EDIT: Oh, and it's illegal
The 1968 invasion was obviously a tragic event, over 100 people died and it stopped the promising political development of our country.
Instead of continuing to poison our air with obsolete coal powerplants and even giving them fucking _exceptions_ from emission limits just to sell a surplus of electricity for profit
The Czech wikipedia is actually really good (not as big as the Swedish one, but still pretty big)
And less weird shit added to food in Austria
edit: Freud was too born in Moravia, but I let that pass because he moved to Wien when child and I don't like him
Definitely love London and I would say yes two three years ago without any issues.
No, you see, the ammo depot exploded because of bad manipulation
Also drink named the same way
I dress accordingly in army surplus clothes
You unlock new heroes after some acceptable time or at instant when you pay
We are historically Protestant country (like we started our own hipster reformation a hundred years before Lutherans) but were re-Catholicised after the Thirty Years War.
(70) The steps taken by online content-sharing service providers in cooperation with rightholders should be without prejudice to the application of exceptions or limitations to copyright, including, in particular, those which guarantee the freedom of expression of users
Nope, this is historically accurate
Fuck teachers like that, I have a teacher like that, *in chemistry* that's even worse
Most people over 40 can't speak English at all and the rest is sadly not much better.
That's always a good thing
But it would be best if it is as it is
was there any in recent history
I would love to hear some cool things about Romania, though
Ed__ is right, the system won't be cheaper.
i haven't really seen any other type here
PIE had dual, so all descendants had dual in some form
Does it include wild animals
In reality, it's virtually impossible to give Czech baby a non-Czech name; foreigners are less affected by this tho
Not in Amsterdam
It’s pretty embarrassing and also worrying because maturita is coming up in a few years and I can’t see myself passing the Czech language/literature part of it lmao
Nice to hear that
Instead of the European 500 ml, you get 473 "mL" which is 16 american fl
10% VAT is only used on stuff like baby diapers to help moms
Yeah, people here really take it personally when you call Czechia  “Eastern Europe”, and the argument is: “Prague is more to the west than Vienna, so we are Central Europe
Prague Porto we flew
"not against" or rather "not to be against" directly translates to "nebýt proti". Note that "against" isn't a negative
Prague - Czech national library of technology is beautiful building located in technical university campus in Dejvice
It's an amazing city in terms of things to see and do, but I found the spatial planning horrendous
Does your country have some kind of maps, that people use outside of Google maps/Bing maps
It’s a shame that I never was a scout (even when I really wanted to)
It's practical and yeah, it also makes sense
I wish people were a little warmer and the politics wasn't such a mess
I hate it so much
Why would that make any difference
Lol, as if Russians wouldn't find where to shelter their ill proceeds if the EU didn't help them out.
Don't forget about Jan Žižka and, most importantly, Jára Cimrman
More takeaway food, cheap markets, half of our top students are Vietnamese.
I think it's lot more common in villages and small communities (not satelitní městečka) than we think, just because most people live in bigger towns and cities
Two [tu] And ten Are indexing pronoun in czech
dative | vodě | vodám| wodzie| wodom
People turn to local farm markets, but they are not everywhere.
I would love it they would air Die Hard, at Christmas, actually, I'll look if they are
But it's not so bad now
This is one of my favorite videos.
The transatlantic area is not going to be the solely dominant force in trade, military etc.
I know all that, but the situation sounds to me a bit like Russian soldiers being "on vacation" in Crimea in 2014
And the wooden ones are easier to rebuild afterward
I love them
Uh, please dont
Protesting against black models on a leaflet is racist, protesting against Halal food might be islamophobic if it's motivated solely by the fact that muslims eat halal food, but it can also be absolutely legitimate if it's motivated by the fact that you don't approve of animal abuse.
our country is changing into babišstan sadly
They do care about money though.
Real population of Prague is about 1
Mluvil jsem o medvědech a vlcích, ne o premiérech
(right
(Or, given the description of the thing the guy was a head of, maybe also a bit like spies enjoying some ancient religious buildings in the area
All those protesters are obviously paid actors /s
We have a bunch of old Slavic names that are rarely used
Don't seem to be wary of protestants.
I'm usually more than willing to take trains or even buses instead of planes for the sake of our environment, but when plane tickets are 4 or 5 times cheaper than public railways, that makes me a bit salty
Some people use it as a filler  word when speaking, but it can be used as a genuine insult
At the end of the day it's a drug and should be treated as such
Honestly, I don't find that convincing at all.
And they have some of the best wine and sights
Duude, I work for major IT company and today I've spent 11 hours at work and next week I'm working tuesday-friday.
I wanted to write "homo sapiens"  ut you were faster xD
If you don't speak Czech, you are not a citizen and idgaf what any paper says
As a Brit use any accent north of London
If you accidentally lowered a single square of land on the dyke, it would flood your whole map
Well in that case Cafe Nero might be an upgrade
> I apologise
And I didn't really want to offend you
Such insult is not something "shocking" or like insulting them personaly or insulting their feelings
What happened
In the end it's about being content with what you have and improving what is within your power to improve
You were both Soviet Union, we were not.
May no country be under Russia's thumb ever again
this story is brought to you by /r/FirstWorldProblems
cheating from repairsmen/electricians/plumbers etc is not much common here.
That's true, but you don't start relationship with "friends", as she says, by threats.
they are offering 400/40 for 37EUR, the difference from what I have is just two beers so I couldn't care less but really have no reason to have it.
Everyone still remembers the Soviet Union and how well that turned out for everyone involved - and more recently, turning on your best friend Ukraine.
There are simply not any similar towns even in Moravia/Silesia with that long travel time to Prague
Note that Obama said pretty much the same thing about Trump.
Extremely popular, which is probably because there is no drinking age here
I think here our prime minister has a lot more power than our president
But we won't write them
That mustache-5 o clock shadow thing he has going above his lip has me so confused
Charles University in Prague and Masaryk University in Brno as a whole, but there are also very high quality specialist schools like engineering ČVUT and VUT or chemical VŠCHT
We have tons of great vietnamese places
He was the 2nd highest ranked nazi official in the protectorate with only Hitler being above him
ECB is prohibited by its own rules to buy Greek bonds.
Then there are falling Socialists and Communists (both ~5-10%) whose voters got cannibalised by ANO
Quick trial and off to jail, right
Also "palice" for those big ones
Last year I had almost whole old vacation days so I needed to take it all to the end of the year
) wear
Yeah the '94 World Cup squad
At the time when people like Einstein, Mann or Feuchtwanger were leaving Germany, he went in
We’re tied to a small protestant church, so there are some differences from the “proper” scouts
I get a hair cut once a few years
It's more vote seeking and desperation on the political side of the coin.
Similarly *Boleslav* \> *Bolek*, *Lubomír* \> *Luboš*, *Rostislav* \> *Rosťa*...
They made r/The_Hofer private not too long after he lost the elections in Austria.
The whole United States territory was inhabited by now fully or almost exterminated nations
That's the type I was saying I'm not certain will bring me any real pension as there won't be as many people when I'm old to pay for me
I would add that the the standard age for entering school is 6, but 7 is common too
More likely it's more common in countries with noticeable dip in income compared to Western and Northern Europe.
A big argument in the original IndyRef was that an independent Scotland might have a hard time joining the EU, which they are pretty fond of and have tried to integrate with, so staying with the UK was the safest way to secure their EU membership
It definitely should
Do not eat during meals on the stage
Hmm, I've never really looked at that in detail bc I'm allergic to apples, but I'd guess around 5-10 at most supermarkets
It was part of the Eastern Bloc, but so was e.g. Slovakia, which has 91 % in the table
It sounds like something out of fantasy
[comparison] between Eagles and Lions
Yeah, the whole hussite movement was just a bunch of raiding religious fanatics who tore down most of monasteries in Bohemia, such a shame
It doesn't have to necessarily be someone I agree with politically
I completely support reasoning of the new government, NASA should focus on different problems, there are now plenty other subjects, like ESA or SpaceX who can take care of Earth orbit.
So they will understand
Danes have the exact same
or Česká republika [tšeska republika]
I really wonder how much they doctored the pictures or if it's just the technical limits of photography at the time
Yes, they have a problem with a part of their population that didn't integrate well into the mainstream society.
Works the other way around as well:
I haven't seen any in Czechia
I paid about 20 Kč (that would be about 70 cents) for about 80 km of travel distance by train
Sounds nice, it makes me want to buy a caravan and travel it.
I have still some trouble with the th, because I just don't even hear the difference between three and free
If it wasn't specified with European, I would have quite a list, now I have to think, but I can't really think of any city without something to offer
The ballads are accompanied with explanatory notes about background of each legend and their other version in folklore of other European nations.
No offense to your parents, but they seem to be pretty Čecháček/SPD kind of people in this story
The people, the nature, everything
I'm not a lawyer really, but I know that Beneš decrees are sort of complicated sets of laws - basically they're laws issued unilateraly by the president, without any sort of further approval of other legislature bodies and such are not even present in the current legislation of the Czech republic, so I'm not even sure how they could be reversed - who could possibly have that authority, who would vote on that and so on, it's really a shady area.
I can easily believe it, but I have never been to Portugal, so I've omitted it entirely
And Spain could then legally deploy troops to Barcelona and arrest the independence referendum organizers.
No, its because they are lying
By whom
Except the insanely bad google translate level translations
Edam cheese has got quite universal usage here from sprinkling on spaghetti, through putting its slices on bread to melting it on steaks.
A) that will dull them real bloody fast and B) we use one of those roller things because we are not animals
Nowhere in Europe would you find socialism in the political mainstream
How is this relevant to breakfast ?
I paid about 20 Kč (that would be about 70 cents) for about 80 km of travel distance by train
Wasn't his name Szarik
Well it is, but for example railroad transportation is one of the parts of economy where I dont have a problem with state regulating/running the majority of the business.
More like ANGLOPHONES vs
u - next to, by
He was a chief of the protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia and a big time cunt
We should take Trump's victory as a sign European countries shouldn't fully depend on USA economically and militarily and work on international emancipation of EU.
We didn't have sex ed, my parents told me nothing and tbh i did learn these things mostly from my gf
I didn't know there are so many differences between Czech and Slovak regarding usage of the colloquial language
But I do think cars are too expensive for how unnecessary they are.
Masaryk simply couldn't give Germans living in Czechoslovakia the right for self-determination, because if he did, Czechoslovakia would be hugely weakened by the loss of Sudetenland and we couldn't possibly afford that
Even lot of micro transactions are pushing it
Some people connects current prosperity with Babiš, even though it isn’t his success and he is more like chocking economy
I’m a leader in one of the scout-like organizations here
Anyway, we've got *zbojník* ("outlaw", "highwayman") who were often romanticised as someones who refused to live according the rules of the nobility, stole from the rich and gave to the poor, lived with the nature secluded from the society etc
Occasionally Coke/Pepsi when I have one.
Unfortunately I miss many skills that make a good dealer
I always liked Poland, I always looked at Poland as part of our central european family, I root for Poles in the Eurovision even if I don't particulary love the song, I always defend you from morons attempting the blame you for WW2 and I hope your economy will only flourish but I won't pretend that the meat situation is alright on any level
Though Heydrich and communists are some strong contenders too
10000
Also, if we had to keep grudge against every nation, whose armies either attacked or pillaged through our country, we wouldn't be speaking to almost any Europian nation
To your question, prime minister has always more power than president (PM is head of government), but president can veto laws from parliment (who create laws), but parliment can overrule presidential veto by majority and get the law in lawbooks anyway
Nicholas day is on 6th
His friends probably believe it's going to happen because that's how they would deal with the issue.
The constant shelling that could go on for days, the diseases, the mutilation, the mud, the sense of impending doom, entire areas literally blown to smithereens, tens of thousands of dead in a single attack, facing some of the new horrifying weapons (the flamethrower, chemical weapons, machine guns, tanks
Western civilisation =/= only Western Europe (now putting anglosphere aside for a moment).
Excluding government offices
I'd say green ones
If it had fewer meanings, how would one alphabet be enough for them
I am now in my third year of uni and am still known as the good-at-English kid (very practical title as you’re always expected to take the lead whenever English is involved)
But for those of us who live here, I don't personally see the point.
My teacher often talked about her visit there
It wasn't that bad, you guys got the shot end of the stick...
I'm a huge fanboy of [Jan Santini-Eichel] an ingenious architect living at the turn of the 17th and 18th centuries
Avio FIN
This is not a binary problem: stay in the EU and become Eurabia or Leave, build the new Iron Curtain on the borders and be poor but Muslim-free
Imported Europeans
I hope I won’t offend anyone but it has to be either Silesia or Vysočina
Irish names of places always sound for me like some names in the Lord of the Rings
I regret coming back to the states in May
As for Czechia, all the lines are included, including the private and/or narrow gauge lines that aren't owned by the state
In school we teach α
Let's gooo
The problem is, ČD is trying to build those high-speed railways.
And there are items which shops can't sell with this profit.
The other claims are unfounded lies spread by our newspapers
Same shit, different day
a - and
The right to own you talk about, it is a new thing, that populists added few years back to make very small and very loud minority happy
And if there were shared army projects, it's likely France would influence the missions to suit their needs in Africa and use others to help them do it
Much of the differences between Czech and Slovak come from historically different vowel shifts, so for example where Czech uses "ů", Slovak often uses "o" as in sůl (Czech) vs
We were almost self-sustainable in our needs
That would mean every war for independence is a revolutionary war.
Well Ostrava or Most would be more like Forge world
We know
Ngl, I wanted to downvote because this is not cool but then caught myself
The songs heard mostly passively are heard through specific media which impose certain conditions
It's Greek passport, Italian passport, Polish passport...
I thought he was still hanging around, like the last fly of summer
He exploited Heydrich's assasins, who then fought bravely against dozens of nazis in a fight they could not possibly win
You can check it if you believe they are not correct - [
France needs you, not Europe
But otherwise, yes
And if you consider all the social media, films etc
\*cries in Czech\*
No more shitty memes
This might sound absolutely absurd at first, but I am just saying the truth of what's happening.
Although I found that “camel” - “velbloud”, came from a word “ulbandus” that came from greek word for elephant
You can thank ČNB for our low unemployment rate.
My theory with Euro is simple, discourse about currency is a an echo chamber which is very hard to turn in opposite direction once it is set
Same
have you considered the possibility that we also want to speak to people back home?
She is playing hard for the public.
cibulka
I would say Vltava from Bedřich Smetana
Not again
I repeat, it was constructed and approved by ANO, with Babiš in lead
I think I learned most of my vocabulary simply by being immersed in the Internet since my early teens and looking up information about anything that interested me, trying to translate some song lyrics, playing games, stuff like that
I'm here
Now it's true that some big European cities have sketchy neighborhoods, and some might have pickpockets/other kinds of petty criminals operating in the touristy areas, but as long as you're smart and take basic precautions you're going to be fine.
And every 15 km at least you'll pass by a castle or a chateau - I walk by two every morning when going to town square alone - Old and New (because why settle for your old folks home when there's enough place to build a mega-mansion in their backyard eh
* MacBook: stock OSX blue pattern
It always bothered me that the two small red stripes arent symetrical so maybe change that
But it was not about spelling at all, but mostly about correct use of language to express exactly what one wanted to express, recognizing nuances, finding different ways to say things, etc
This leaves me wondering what kind of sentiment there must be among the readers of these media.
It's WW1 soldiers
There probably were some mainstream rock bands, but idk about any rn, because the whole rock scene was very much against the soviet ideas
I would say it's more like Russian soldiers being in Syria
Cannot stop progress
I am still for legalization though
To je klenot no nebo Praha žije byla jedno dobu celkem hitovka jeste:D
When I look at bigger cities around the border of Czechia many of them have at least some sort of infrastructure
But in US it is somewhat different; I mostly know the location of the states but not many cities
It is Florida of the Czechs
"Džon mejd hiz vej tů a tavrn frů d dárk forist, ounly tů fájnd aut dat hí frgot d many
BA for UK, Lufthansa for everything else in Europe.
Thank you very much Finland
thanks Austria for great skiing resorts
Mít vlastní zemičku je krásné.
Feel free to
I agree that we should spend more on our defense.
I see
it is all about something like 4 square kilometers so it is not hitting a headlines everyday.
I think it's a complely different and unrelated issue.
Slunce, the Sun, is neutrum, Měsíc, the Moon, masculinum inanimatum
And Řehoř/Gregor Mendel discovered genetics and the laws of trait inheritance
It's mostly just a light hearted funny comparison when contrasted with his stance and wouldn't be as funny if I went to specifics
And Farkas in Hungarian, I think
But according to Czech surveys, majority (over 50%) of people here wish to close our borders.
This one got greatly alterated in 1968 after the Warsaw Pact invasion, when the Federation laws were established
For example, in Czech, *sprostý* means "vulgar" while in Slovak, it means "stupid". A friend of mine once almost got into a trouble when he with his other friends met a group of Slovaks somewhere and they talked and the Slovaks spoke in a very vulgar manner, cursed all the time etc
Yeah, poor phrasing on my part
I loved Denmark for the bicycle culture and overall positivity, Romania for the countryside, Lithuania for the language and fascinating history etc
I heard it in Czech dubbed movies
Temperatures during the summer are annoying, sure, but a big fan suffices.
I don't remember a single thing about PLC being taught at school except for the Jagellons, who ruled our lands for a short period of time
Couple that with Russia in your backyard.
Or when a Slovak asks a Czech for *"horká čokoláda"* ("dark chocolate", literally "bitter chocolate"), they get "hot chocolate" instead
That I don't understand
I am genuinenly surprised how low is our number
I misunderstood
Driver itself sits behind glass door and there used to be sticker saying "do not talk to driver" or something like that anyway
Never understood, why is it performed beside health reasons.
the Shinkansen and nothing else
It doesn't go into detail about it
[This guy from Russia
I'm the youngest sibling and youngest of all my cousins, so the most common game was "Ignore the little boy" where they were doing their own stuff and running away from me
[northern Moravia] is probably most redneck part of our small country.
I'm not saying you should be prosecuted for your speech, but you can certainly be deported for saying something the local government doesn't like.
Who is not lazy
I only got to visit Birkenau because the trip was on short notice and we couldn’t prebook tickets
Stuttgart - crowdy af, not nice
We have had this trouble for last 10 years.
And they all lead to Rome
[Battle of Lake Baikal] August 1918
Edit: Just learned that it was raised to € 50 and that it's 63 for 2nd child and 80 for more childs (per every child)
I thought she was something like PM’s personal assistant/secretary
Also, we don't put anything in front of general nouns (*a* cat etc
And how they saved us from becoming vassals of US
Ooh, so that's where our word for it in Czech - "matjesy" - comes from
I was merely reacting to your original statement which amazingly contradicts itself ('overcrowded' and 'village')
When I'm thinking about it, Lebanon seems to be not "less European" than Cyprus or Armenia to me.
any broodje haring place from Netherlands
Waiting times are crazy
Many, many spirits
It's often offered as second foreign language.
You can see history wasn’t my favourite subject
*Pan Palačinka jede na dovolenou a na letišti mu celník řekne: "Ukažte mi váš pas!", a tak si pan Palačinka vyhrnul triko.*
Both are shit
It's tiny now, but there are precedents for an insignificant town being named the capital and swelling in size
Even with IMF help, they might default.
Ta razlika jest baza drugoj značnoj razliky: umětne języky iz definicije sųt iztvorjene s specifičnom cěljem pred očami
Like Beltane (Walpurgisnacht)
I send monthly donations to a nonprofit organization which lobbies alternative transport around Prague
Talk about stuck between a rock and a hard place.
As per your point, making it a Slavic Vs Germanic thing is more of a cultural split than a geographical one
We also use it in Czech but we spell it skanzen
I was like wtf
40, most students had many after-school activities and would rather cut the lunch break short than stay even 10 minutes later than necessary in the afternoon, so teachers would sometimes make informal adjustments of the schedule in this direction
-ough words are a mess
In the same amount of time, give or take a few minutes, you can go from Paris to Marseille, which is over twice the distance
Tokio, Kyoto, Hiroshima, Nagano, Sapporo
So it is not that clear-cut
Before some high school exchange with Danish students these guys were curious if we have electricity in our country and were told by their parents not to eat home made food because of hygiene
The US doesn't represent it though.
o - about
Fascinating, in 15°C I am pretty much unable to do anything
lot of nonsenses about Apple and Android but discussion is civil
INSERT generic Soviet Russia joke here
Also USSR and Germany were allied at the moment
Though in my family, much to my friends' amusement, we use the word "fakan" neutrally to mean just "child".
> From Lapland to Portugal without a single border stop
I even forgot it was today until I saw it as #1 on the front page
*the tower, the bridge and the beer*
He also gossips and secretly informs the boss about his coworkers not working
Especially old people love them.
I am still in the same industry but working for Germans whole this year.
I think they should generally be removed, although there's some difference between statues of Lenin and such and more generic monuments to Red Army soldiers and WW2 liberation (even though those were also extensively used for propaganda purposes, for sure)
" etc
Those chickens never stood a chance.
Trump is not the type to take that type of behavior forever.
Especially Russian legions) and Balkans hated Austrians so much, that they assasinated Franz Ferdinand
Delicious example of  a wovel-impaired word
And I do have a soft spot for buildings that blend old stone or brick architecture with modern steel and glass, especially where the steel and glass is used to 'fill in' missing bits of the old structure
We're much closer ;)
>Im Jahr 1934 legte Ferdinand Porsche auf Drängen Hitlers die tschechoslowakische Staatsangehörigkeit ab und nahm die deutsche an
I knew next to nothing about Bosnia before I visited it and now it's one of my favorite countries in Europe
Similar regional trains run in Germany and I would assume in most of western Europe as well
If you gonna throw around these serious accusations like confetti, they will eventually become meaningless
What I found surprising tho was when my Austrian friend had it as a birthday cake on his birthday
Actually your memory on acid can get kinda loopy
The Bohemia is the only country in the world, where they vote freely for their own king
And secondly, putting your country's interests first, no matter what it means for others, is just overall harmful in the big picture
And there are actually many places in Bohemia with much worse travel times
commenting only so I can come back when rested and think if there is a hidden analogy with a penis or something else in play here
Canada has a large teritory but population smaller than Poland.
>Obviously the Russian secret services were in Czechoslovakia
Long live gas from the North Sea.
Germany / HRE
I repeat, it was constructed and approved by ANO, with Babiš in lead
I to gan sbeek Binnish :------DDDXD
Notably, he saw E.T and Rambo
Look up how much money Germany gives to EU to "keep it running" you could use that money in other way
Maybe, but very few people wanted that
Gaelic
Date in a resturant is like Schrodinger's cat
Even if the weekend was 4 days of the week, knowing that you "have to" go to work on a certain day, even if you really don't feel like it, would be crap
We eat horse meat, usually in the form of [koňský salám] but it's more rare and occassional product
Imo it just so happens that common Joe benefits from the same *lack of copyright laws* as some Internet corporations
Yeah  we've got a type of [Bagpipes ]
We have more than 2000 castles, so enjoy
Also most muslim women in Indonesia/Malajsia/Iran/Turkey didn´t use to wear anything, scarf or hijab is very recent trend there (few decades).
But we won't write them
Not religiously but traditionally we refer ourselves as Hussites.
I feel Czechs are welcoming to Asian people though.
And they could also stick the urban legend about Pérák into it as well
There's evidence to show there are Russian secret agents operating here, Russian propaganda websites, things like that, so that's actually a very real threat.
We see him as a Czech (also because his mother was Přemyslid)
Movie is based on Adam Bodór novel *Az érsek látogatása
There absolutely were these tendencies in the party until the end
If you manage to fast until then, you have a chance of spotting a golden pig
Found this on wiktionary
It's amazing how this sub can be sometimes so progressive yet be casually racist (inb4 "slavs aren't a race", I know, I cannot find a better word for it) about slavs
Czechia kinda sucks for renewables - not enough wind, not enough sun, relatively small rivers
Nastola IT
On water and snow yes, but like when you are hiking people(and me) usually say dobrý den
Those are just classics
However, this might be because of generally worse customer service here
We even had [McSmažák]ázky%20ke%20článkům/McSmažák.png) for a while.
They were kinda shitty on the czech people, but idk, nobody's really out there saying how he hates them
village called "Onen svět"
I prefer potato salad over just potato but still
This one was actually really funny.
Small manpower but every person counts
Now you can't even be that specific when blaming foreigners for your situation at the labour market.
Similarly Estonia has the second lower number of people believing in God, but highest percent of people who believe in some kind of spirit or fore.
Also there is an app where restaurants, bakeries etc
The longest serving member of communist government was Plojhar, a roman Catholic priest
Maybe it might be good to mention #2 on singles chart - [Viktor Sheen ft
Pubs being closed
Nah, I meant more of you using "lol" and going into offensive
It's just cheaper, nothing more.
One of the least religious countries in the world.
Most of the private property was taken.
Here, you just go few steps outside of path and nobody cares if they see your back
It is named Age of Iron- Die eiserne Zeit
Sure, I understand that
No, 1) they are incompetent meme parties 2) our mainstream politic didn't go full retard, eg all major parties are reluctant to accept immigrants indiscriminately.
I am Czech and I am honestly triggered by this exclusion of Slovakia
[Ex- Prime Minister Sobotka]
You can still import as many Indians and Pakistanis as you wish, as for some reason they dont count as EU migrant workers
Grandpa had 1st gen Panda, drove it on a field few times, funny thing
the Falcon 9 can execute a launch from 60-70 MM and deliver about half the payload the Ariane 5-6 can which is approximaly 10'000 Kg.
It is shit and not even czech
I am considering coming to Bologna as an exchange student.
Library card
>Populist=covert racist
Another big waves of refugees are very probable, as well as stable influx of economic migrants from 3rd world countries.
No idea, you'd have to ask the experts at *Ústav pro jazyk český*.
Iceland would make no difference
Španělská vesnice (Spanish village) - Something you are totally unfamiliar with or confuses you
that we are no longer Czechoslovakia.
Some people say it will not last long because of cheap materials, it will desintegrate in 5 years, but these are just abusing that furniture and handle with it like 20cm thick undestructible oak table
I am 22 and I personally don't know anyone who never illegally downloads or thinks it's wrong.
Or rather, I've rode it once in last like 12 years
Five years
A terrorist would certainly have no way to access a gun unless he stole one, which would be hard to do with guns needing to be locked in a safe unless they're on your person
We dont need bans on gambling if you raise children right
It's easy to pretend you are pro-trade with Russia, and thus the heavily hypothetical economic benefits that would arise from it (srsly, Slovakia's export to Russia was 3.6%, while imports from Russia were over double that (7.6% in 2014), which really benefitted Russia way more than it benefitted Slovakia.
Same applies for you
You who
I think they should generally be removed, although there's some difference between statues of Lenin and such and more generic monuments to Red Army soldiers and WW2 liberation (even though those were also extensively used for propaganda purposes, for sure)
Yes, but probably only in "Četnické humoresky" :D
How the hell can you afford this
It's the only word you need, it can mean anything
Would you feel comfortable
This discussion is about trying differentiate "modern" Muslims from "conservative" or Salafists.
Poverty
Šel pštros s pštrosicí a pštrosáčaty pštrosí ulicí.
Great Britain is what most countries celebrate their independence from
Joan is a female name
But I don't think we would dislike you
Prague and North Bohemia, in Prague, it "snowed" for two days but it didn't even get to touch the ground
I don't understand every word, but I can always derive meaning from context
Remains of WW2 are all around where I live and you can't unsee them
ETA: I would also insist that it has to be affordable when it's finished, though
(In Zlín at least)
Sloup (pillar)
Bro, there really is not only one way to say it
In Czech Čechy or Česko is neutral
Over two hundred years of drawn out warfare with little conclusion - and it only draws attention once you scream "winged hussars in Vienna".
But if it's not about people only, there are cases where -ly is even for masculinum
This is the time EU is supposed to look united, and what they do
that is an awesome resource, thanks for posting!
Otherwise AFAIK it's only Hungary and Poland which are completely ignoring the decision, while other countries like Czechia and Slovakia are "only" extremely slow in implementing it.
How Czechoslovakia handled the Sudetenland issue and subsequent capitulation to the Nazi Germany before WW2.
I remember hearing something about that the providers will have to stop using the data caps, but I am not sure.
Might be an interesting story to track it back to the source
So no one really uses grams even it technically makes sense
So many people will think its Phillipines
where and what they wear
And you know what
) with lipstick
I think some of us call you "Pšonci" for the exact same reason
It's all about leadership
I don't think I understand what you mean by 'do you consider...', if you mean if people give it a thought - I would say even less people know about that Polish-Soviet conflict than about this :).
Monaco, though the F1 GP is extremely tempting
Some people would say that Transinistria (which is an autonomous republic in Moldova) is *the last bastion of socialism* in Europe, but under the layer of its flag with hammer and sickle lies a corporativist state
** ODS used to be the biggest one of the two major parties but they have also fallen off in recent elections
Various German states (mostly Bavaria and Saxony; because of HRE, neighbouring countries)
I wouldn't say they're all strictly atheist, some of them simply don't care about this type of thing, some are agnostic, some believe in "something" but hate organized religion, but I don't know where most of them stand as this is considered a very private thing and not exactly something you would talk about unless you're super close.
And the web is
No point in exploring if you're not open minded to things :)
(And they sound different)
There is a kebab takeaway right around the corner from where I live and the guys there are so nice.
It's also one of the tax breaks that can go below zero so even low income families can enjoy the benefits
First is we are much much smaller organization, so everything we do in our local club is kinda punk, we have to do everything on our own, there aren’t much programme structures established
But I don't think it was hard for Medek to come up with Bradavice
I know
I personally think that the results are rigged af
You have one, instead of normal speech you are "singing".
Then producers justify it because consumers demand lesser quality here as they are buying it.
je IV
No, sorry but we don't... French protesting is on a whole different level
That was Glagolitic, not Cyrillic
After all, the average South African has to survive somehow, no
> I dunno, don't think countries like Iceland ever will
I hope Scotland will become independent from UK
If they did, they would get told off and their stupid opinions would soon be forgotten
Since OP wrote as examples _der, die, das_ in German and _le, la_ in French, I suppose that they meant articles connected with gendered nouns so _ten, ta, to_ in Czech
Who didn't work was "parasite" and was sent to prison
Yes, there are no negatives
Asians are seen as good, educated, and hard working here.
Švédská trojka (Swedish threesome) - Basically a threesome
Yes, it is the one
5/15 chilly
The issue is that these days, *everything* can be considered "copyrighted material", so the inevitable result will be preventive banning (by filtering) of everything, including fair use
This is only start and we will see how specific countries will be able to defend themselves
Only truly free system is individualism
You're a deregulated heaven compared to Belgium and Netherlands
But yeah, we're irreligous which also causes us to be fairly liberal in the matters of LGBT, abortions or light drugs
Captain Google says it's a football team.
When somebody mentioned one of them, I just thought they were speaking about regions
In 200 years, it will be something different again
It’s ok, I remember it because of the eights
Hey guys, it's like sedmdesát and osmdesát, don't overcomplicate
Formed up from mass desertions of Czech troops from A-H armies, the army became stuck behind the front lines during the Bolshevik uprising.
Snih
(Found a translated text of one of the previous versions
It sounds like serník, which would derive from srát, which means to shit
In contrast with [this thread] I'd like to know what's the *last* article of your country's constitution.
1990s Ústí nad Labem or Most would be interesting
50,39°. Existence is a fucking pain, the Sun sets at 15:52
whatever it is, never heard of it before.
That's pretty racist dude
*explains WW2, the Soviet bloc and then rise to the independence from it which we're celebrating this year*
Well you dont use it in everyday life
And even if you have no car, train system got you covered, especially if you're student with ISIC card - student prices can be ridiculously cheap
One was a move to preserve control over a vital strategic military installation in otherwise peaceful area under a guise of an imminent threat to Russian minority.
I guess I might get some benefit off it in the long run, but I hope the answer counts
If you mean in the Plzeň's coat of arms then yeah but that is not national coat of arms.
Yep :D
Releasing the minutes of their internal meetings could have unforeseen consequences.
For some languages (Hungarian and Polish especially I think) if the name is frequent enough, the original (or a close enough one) pronunciation will be used.
Surprisingly many people thought that i am from Germany based on my accent :-D
I mean, I can always learn another one (Spanish would be cool), but I'm fine with what I know now
> Damn, just realised what a douche I am
Now they are just cold and depressing
I guess that I may have been a bit mistaken on this and Czechoslovakia may have been the odd one out
I also don't call Slovakia the Slovak Republic, so why not shorten it
It was my first choice, until I found out about how much it costs to live there, lol
Yeah not really, our dumbass population is nudging towards Czexit whatever thats supposed to do
I am planning to move to probably Ukraine
Hannover, there was just nothing to do
inb4 "you ate the bait" - do you realize that those people publicly supported terrorism and threatened western civilization, which makes us kind of involved, right?
Oh god oh fuck
It's 6 years old
Her repertoire of dishes included completely wooden pizza, burnt eggs totally stuck to the frying pan and cereals spilled under the heater
It's screwed/I'm screwed - To je v prdeli/Já jsem v prdeli - It's in ass/I'm in ass
This might not be the greatest country on Earth, but I am pretty happy to live here
Palačinka has quite [a long chain of loaning] and you could take a short cut
But to Russia, it is a substantial amount.
You have to be more subtle
Maybe credit the author next time
Comparing just comfort, trains would be the best
I have no idea why we picked Hungarians for this
This is the main event, people spend the entire day cooking to have a big dinner of fried carp, other fish or schnitzels with potato salad
It's an overreaction to getting PC and refugees crammed down our throats.
Welcome to leftie reddit
That was actually amusing
So I will tell you what he wrote
Yes we do, until it is in an official dictionary it is based on previous experiences and what people decide
Portuguese are honorary Slavs at this point
He managed to carve himself a nice little corner in the Czech political spectrum where he woos gullible idiots into voting for him using fearmongering populist bullshit and he profits off of it
They win my heart for the personalities alone.
Anything that's not a truc
More like the metrics are skewed towards anglo-sphere schools
Trust me, I’ve been there
The long scale having the same prefixes as anywhere else and the short scale introducing chaos and existing for no reason
Lapio FIN
We have *Městská policie* (City/town police) and *Státní policie* (Country police)
I want to taste it and I hate myself for it.
Italian was about some astrophysics, so it might be the issue
The Netherlands is the worst European country in renewable energy use according to Eurostat so they are nowhere near where they present themselves in terms of the environment
Oh, well, I'm too lazy to delete it now
I still kinda liked it when the slower and a bit sentimental Czech anthem was followed by the faster and triumphant Slovak one when Czechoslovakia was still a thing
My pistol can be used for self-defence carrying as well as sport
I like the attitude, no one was pissed off because of my mistakes, no one was pissed off because I speak Spanish while my English is better
The salary is very good as well.
The hats being the obvious one.
However I didn't see anyone dispute that
I'm kinda contented with the currect association of Czechia with [Švejk] but I have recently read [an awesome comparison of Czechs to Hobbits] and I love it.
Too lazy to translate word-by-word
My very simplified calculation points at 1,62 TRF for year 2016 (official number will be out in a few months).
kde borový zaváněl háj. (where pine grove smelled(?))
Nor a political party I can pronounce haha
"Come and rape, the worst thing that can happen to you is, that we will send you back to your country."
Tried a few diets/meal plans
our central bank brought all of this on itself
During last economic boom in year 2007, we had 100k net immigration annually.
10% have not heard of Belarus
" Because malta - mortar in Czech, usually meaning you are going to work on the house (or "Malta and Písek", Písek being one town and also sand)
Few people know he was also a skilled ethnologist and the collection had an elaborated research as a background.
Yeah but compared to railroads hyperloop aint gonna be stopping everywhere, so the income potential is only on the start and end of the tube I think
No, when I say Stalinist I mean people who adore Josif Vissarionovic Stalin, like former MP Marta Semelová or current party's vice-chairman Josef Skála
Because in Czech Republic we have lots of books and movies about that kind of creatures
I know "Tady má někdo v zadku oje
A lot of Racism even when they are all asian.
ČT 1 (jedna) one of the four publicly owned tv channels here, the others being ČT 2 (dva) ČT 24 (dvacet čtyři) and the most recent ČT 3 (tři) they also have a kids channel which is an art channel after eight in the evening ČT D/art
I will say as it runs through my head
Or Prague-countryside
If Britain decides to leave, it will fo sure not strenghten EU position, and weak EU means more opportunities for Russia to destabilize not just EE countries, but basically all EU countries with their propaganda and with financing anti-EU parties.
We all love to drink heavily, complain and hate on imperial system
How do you translate that, "Máš za zadkem strom"?
Some of the leaders were in their 20's and I remember one scout who was like 60
At most, you'd call them "Mr
The "laughing" part is because we have an undying sence of humor which knows no boundaries including self-mockery
Czech republic considers diplomatic relations with Serbia as one of it's top priorities and is one of the few supporting and lobbying for Serbia's approval into EU
The Party was a place where a real power was
*Mám to na salámu
But we were talking about murders
Fun trivia: because we are so atheistic, Vatican consider us as mission territory.
Not everything
trillion = bilion
couple of WW2 vets (from German and UK sides)
Definitely
We have On, Ona, Ono for singular and Oni, Ony, Ona for plural, but the declination is different for male, female and neutral "gender", so I can mostly tell
(Tables stood
We will just rename it to Holy Roman Empire and keep trudging on.
I still write in cursive
Here Silesia to Prussia, here Lusatia to Saxony and even piece of our Bohemian core Kladzko(Glatz) to Prussia.
Besides, a lot more people carry pepper sprays or other weapons mostly banned in other countries because 'the state is here to protect you'. Overt political correctness isnt an issue here either
Female form of Michael, that can be called Misha
almost everybody
- Like only we women or only we children or we women and children
Same here
Win the next election or win a revolt, and bam, you're emperor
I was born in Czechoslovak Socialist Republic
When you look at european mythologies, you can see some simmilarities
Sweatpants are so much better than jeans
So fucking sad
There needs to be public pressure on them and their reputation in question, otherwise they won't change anything.
Děkuji ti - (I) thank you (sg
(Blue-eyed girl don't sit near brook(?),)
Oh yeah, we have these paradigms too
The beaches were beautiful but so crowded
is it massive inland lake or it's connected to the sea?
We need diversity, real diversity, like distinct cultures, not a unified multi-culture, a disgusting, tasteless blend
your loss
So, this is a long video, a big part of it is in Czech, but basically, she doesn't speak english that well
Keep producing it, we need 2x more of them on our roads
I've got one
Satirising, the meaning is
definitely, had these cars, it made some brain failure :) good winter tires are essential with RWD
I was also thinking Russia
I also love train journeys, so I'm going to take direct train from Ústí nad Labem to Budapest
Well at least you're guaranteed to have the best view from the crowd the next time a fascist dictator gets executed and strung up in your area
They're fucking imbeciles whose demagoguery could cause the greatest economic and geopolitical disaster this country has experienced since 1989
I think you ask us pretty weird questions quite often.
If you wanna say it in the "the one who's serving" way, you've gotta say "hostitel" or something completely different
We are one of the few European countries to never elect a female PM/ President
Before that Slovakia and Bohemian Crown Lands were largely foreign from one another and there was little to no communication between the two nations
That bus had antenna".
Worst of all are the gift shops that sell Russian memorabilia IN CZECH REPUBLIC
Same in Czech
- Lighting rod
In Czechia, you usually get your meat medium which most of people prefer unless you explicitly ask for a different level.
who was the last Bohemian king and invited lot of alchymists, astronomers and other smart people to Prague
*"so called refugees are an invasion army!
Is that easier to understand
No surprise
Recently, the tickets for that journey (\~150 km, 2h 20min) are about 6-8 eur without any discount (there was 45% discount for university students back then)
On the other hand, it's worth it when a few months later you open the jar and throw a handful into bramboračka
" "Who the hell is poopin
It feels as if people just left rage comics and discovered Facebook
I live in a village in south Moravia and oh god this day might spart debate amongst its residents, especially the old people who still think communism is better
It would be great if we could do one-for-one exchange.
Or just don't be in charge and let someone younger than me that understands how these things work, he in charge
We also have a great relations with Israel since their creation after ww2
not cool, not cool at all
They are more comfy,  stretched  and softened
40, so almost half of them are in Prague, and they have actually more restaurants than McDonalds, which had 101 in 2019
That would be same in Czech: _Novákova_ and _Novákův_.
I guess I might get some benefit off it in the long run, but I hope the answer counts
Do you enjoy this clip as much as we do?
Nah, thank god, the universe or whatever they aren't that at all lol
Last week yeah, this week is unbearable so far
Some PiS politicians have themselves supported these claims.
Also you are denied some service that you finance cause reasons
Maybe it's a bit different in older generations
Even though we are a small country, there’s quite a lot of dialects
Czechoslovakia doesn't exist
I despise anything above 22° C as it is too hot for me and I wear shorts even when it snows outside (so anywhere from -5° to 15°), granted, only for short amount of time when I walk my dog but still, I'd rather freeze than burn and sweat lol
Maybe because if they were called migrants, the English wouldn't be able to throw shit on immigrants.
But also laughable because it doesn’t work when people use VPN, which is such an easy tool to use
[here] also this website shows every last name in cz a shows you how many of those people are there and where they live
To be exact "Rakousko-Uherská Říše"
A message arrives from her father, saying they finished the house and grandma should send their daughter to them
Sometimes in the morning there Is ice on the ground from frozen water, but that's it
Outside of that, pretty normal
Orange west good
The cool kids gang
Someone above you said something different
In middle ages (13th century) Houska Castle was built, but it was strange one
You could do it if you wanted to with your own company if you set one up tomorrow and only employed yourself.
AFAIK, employers simply want capable people, who can learn and solve problems
The guy assaulting the woman from behind or all the others watching it and doing nothing.
Making a mistake in relation to "vyjmenovaná slova" is considered to be severe and you can lose a lot of points for that
It documents direct battles between Georgian and Russian forces
We call these fridges "american fridges" and they are not really common in my experience
yes
Except one small village whose inhabitants are made invincible by a magic potion
No, "pana" is the accusative form of "pan", meaning mister, sir
Geting so drunk you resemble an animal more than a man
I still kinda liked it when the slower and a bit sentimental Czech anthem was followed by the faster and triumphant Slovak one when Czechoslovakia was still a thing
Záviš is also a big guilty pleasure since his lyrics are so obscene, but the classical instruments he uses to convey them are really nice
Note that the Russians had orders to take Lubeck, which was past the agreed territorial split.
Prime Minister who is currently being prosecuted by the police for fraud with EU subsidies and investigated for number of further crimes while also having around 30% in polls
Plus reigns of Přemysl Otakar II
Prievidza je slovenský Bruntál?
A village nearby has been waiting for a highway for 20 years
Also the [pasy] riot gate
Especially not Poland, which was attacked by USSR just 19 years ago
basically just major events from this
Wouldnt that work for you
We say "Dobrý" nebo "Dobrý den", meaning Good day
But simply by being in Prague, the prices are ... not very affordable
Nah, it's just that Polish people are racist, sexist, homophobic Nazis!
You guys have some serious problems with organized crime and drugs, your healtcare was pretty screwed up by Reagan, and peer pressure at schools is tremendous
In Czech Latvia is Lotyšsko and Lithuania is Litva, its confusing af
I for one am dumb as shit and barbaric.
>Everyone you don't like is a Stalinist
>should we push them south this time
The Czech part of Czechoslovakia was copying the historic borders of the kingdom of Bohemia
Now do it per capita :)
Every building is a concrete block, which sometimes don't have the concrete panels connect, causing someones wall to just fall right off
boring
(Harassing diplomats, selling weapons to Taliban, ...)
I'd like to see some burger chain better than BK/MCD here
Mallorca is huuuuge in Germany.
There is nobody like Ojciec Rydzyk in other countries
Finland
Lovosice: Very long town (there's even a saying "Long as a Lovosice")
Most accepted date IMHO is 28
At one hand it's nice to know I'm not aging too much, on the other it's annoying to carry ID every time I wanna grab some beer
And it wouldn't be smart as it's better to have them rounded in one place with a label on their forhead than having the cryptocommunists in every party.
I always try to explain that it's not a "moral" choice, because at the end of the day both have internal issues that make me not want to ever live there, and both are just powerful countries that act pragmatically in their own interests, it's not like it's some noble cause or anything, but most people refuse to hear that.
Today
The pronunciation is just a complete mess, so can be the tenses and sentence structures
And since there is a lot of villages around, pretty big house in one of them, there are offers for half the price for multi floor house with land
Assholes in Prague wants to build a statue to Vlasov party
Edit: also Karlovy Vary is very beautiful too
Great Britain is what most countries celebrate their independence from
* Nagasaki
Slightly off-topic, but does Feschak mean the same thing as in Czech the word fešák, which his handsome man/boy
Many persuade higher education.
But I'd probably view it differently if I lived there all my life, to be fair
Only in my house, unfortunately
Latvian masterplan is to make everything Latvia and Switzerland
I had a massive headache about 3 hours into my time there because I just had to be on high alert 100% of the time in case an idiot on a bike came flying down my way at speed
Also, people gather outside of German embassy.
I want to agree with you but alot of these kids, even those born here in the US, excel at academics and get into high paying jobs in finance, investment banking, medicine, STEM, etc.
Apart from the fact that it would mean that there is a big and probably very unstable country in the Western Europe that we would have to somehow deal with
It is a food because we have probably worst food from Europe and we don't trust you that you are eating as well.
Both railway and roads
we don't care about nationality.
It has no legs to stand on its own.
And after a few times, you start sitting at the table without asking
Even in the freaking hotel whenever I was left alone for a minute at the dinner table I caught the hotel staff staring at me.
this is simple not a part of our restaurant culture and only traps targeting to foreigners have this
It’ll most likely be really hearty food, so use your preferred method of preparation for that
But in almost every village you'll find a landmark of some sort - a calvary, birthhouse of a famous person, a memorial to the fallen of World Wars
Honestly
But I guess in the 90s, there was still quite a lot of enthusiasm left in the society from 89's revolution, nowadays that's simply gone.
Sensible gun laws
Czech verb "šukat" used to mean "do small things", but then evolved to "move back and fro" and later to "fuck". Now, imagine the class reading [this book] from mid-XIX century, where the grandmother was "fucking around the house".
For all their speech about fighting terrorism they sure as hell didn't mind having ISIS on their border for a few years and having radical islamists fighting on their side
so not finding a real sauna during my US stay was in fact a benefit as they will kick me out in no time :)
Did this coup attempt happen before or after Moscow airlifted its NKVD agents in preparation for their coup into Prague on February 15th
I was a Czech scout 15 years ago and has been in one summer camp
With Slovak,  I am able to remember the meaning of unknown word after first hearing it, it doesn't feel like learning completely foreign language at all and don't need to put in much effort
Sorry for your experience, I know very well from mine that starting from some point people don't correct you, what makes progress quite problematic
When this type of survey is done here on the national level, it's usually around 25%.
Like we were patriotic to begin with...
We were taught about something called "obecná čeština" which is in English misleadingly translated as "common Czech" (it's an interdialect spoken in Bohemia)
Im not even Czech I just live here but the UK isnt like the US on this either, I was in and out the family home till 25, my cousin moved back home after divorce and was there till 40 before getting married again
How do you like Zeman meeting Filip and his communist cohort today
Small, shorter table without the tablecloth, easy to clean, where they can make mess freely and have fun together
The gift shops look all the same and are on every single corner
It takes experience, wisdom and maturity to see beyond "easy answers".
After WW2, Czechoslovak government stole some property in Czechoslovakia which belonged to the house of Liechtenstein based on the fact that "they were germans" (which is debatable) and "they collaborated with Nazis" (which is not true)
Similar cases, similar assholes.
r/antiMLM would be pretty empty
Not everything
Same for our very fast fan translations of movies and shows.
Prague is one giant tourist trap but I think it is pretty easy to avoid them with a little research
Well, it was mostly a joke comment.
It's an term to be used in english not czech
The whole point of a federation is to be stronger together
(Disclosure: I freelance as match 3 level designer)
We are the religious hipsters of Europe.
Just makes it more interesting to read and listen to
So did we
Poland does have a good location too.
what's up with all the "HEEEY HOW YOU DOIN'?" without people actually expecting answer
Over the time, we developed good relationship, also because we have a lot of Jewish history in Prague.
So the hypothetical alien can wonder and ponder what we are
French did it
TIL Swiss citizens are not allowed to emigrate outside Europe.
Horse salami is normal in Czechia
and practically any castle u see
My country is pretty fat :(
An ass
Kuk is czech onomatopoeia for 'look' (here/there)
I know many mixed couples and everyone here is fine with them
It's obviously [*Hejtrs v rohu*] by *Metrix Steel, legenda Hroznové lhoty*.
We even have Prague institute for insulting Brno on Facebook
Foreigners listening to Czech conversation might think we swear all the time
This one
it got much better when I threw money on them and said Two
Yeah, I would also be pissed off, if 80% of my country was occupied and actually somewhere completely different than the remaining 20%.
Naturally, looking at worker's rights from the perspective of capital owners, they are bad.
Maybe just not in the way it was intended
At work: "Prosím, (my family name)
Like when some terrorists from Chechnya a few years back bombed a public place and a bunch of idiots on twitter started going hard against the Czech republic
My logic says pretty common, considering how many other ethnic groups have Russians assimilated over the centuries
East Germans were our friends, if course, but we all had to be on the lookout for any attempts at revenge from the imperialist West Germans
u - by
Oh that's cool I never knew that, I've moved from Prague to Ostrava where I'll be staying for the next 15 months or so and then I'll be moving back so I'll definitely use this time to go explore Poland for a bit
I find it ridiculous that apparently do many czechs do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Friedman would took the Bernanke path and advocated for TARP, it makes sense.
I have long hair myself, and nobody really minds it
Pecorino romano
But I just think that those are the type of morally flexible shitstains that would flourish in any regime
Judging by your flair, you most likely already know, though
for better atmosphere and immersion you should piss over that birthday present pic.
Police is always armed with a handgun
He is seen as patron of Czech people
Although it is understandable it could leave a bad taste in someones mouth knowing
*Cost similar to that of Switzerland and the US, where salaries are multiple times higher*
I greet them when I meet them, have some friendly chat frkm time to time
Seems the french dont want to share their cheese.
Public transport is alright but it doesn't go everywhere
Hungarians are from outer space
You'd need the homicide stats of the European side for that
If you don't like the name, that's obviously fine, but don't pretend to have a reason other than habit or your subjective opinion of how it sounds, in which case don't presume to speak for 'us Czechs'.
Rejected, stay home
Come the fuck on
* poznávám: 1st person singular imperfective "to familiarize, to get acquainted with". Once again pro-drop reports in
I know some Slovaks who can speak Czech very well, but their writing in Czech is very poor
So, there is no way around FPTP
It's no different than going the same distance in your country really, traveling wise
It's common to make bike trip to pub/restaurant and have a Beer or two
ANO doesn't really have any consistent ideology.
Also that thing is 19 meters long so unless you are near to him, he is not going to hear you at all, he is locked in his driver booth and there used to be a pictogram sticker saying "do not talk to driver" It is probably still there
Camels are /kamelky/, Viceroys are /vícerojky/, P&S are /pé-eska/, etc
Though I see that it is quite silly to feel this way.
God, I wish just everyone finally shut their about porn
It will lessen inclination to emigrate west.
My parents sometimes keep theirs in the basement, they buy them directly at a farm and sometimes they get too many at once to fit in the fridge
Media too - under communist rule, a lot of things was censored
I don't believe that 1-2 of 10 czechs would feel comfortable having their child in relationship with muslim
ITT: Bunch of butthurt Czechs getting emotional over a stupid name no one forces them to use.
But I like it so keep doing it.
If you dislike Facebook's terms of service, then you are very much free to switch to ANY other possible social network, the fact that less people use them is not Facebook's fault
Sick days 4 are standard, but if you need more, its not a problem)
Thank you Croatia for being such a great vacation destination and being welcoming and all
When we came in front of the gate, they told us they were closed that day because of some bike race (that was happening underneath the locked part of all places)
They can easily be (or become) misanthropic from their loneliness
Latest polls show that majority of people are in favor of gay marriage so hopefully it will get legalised soon (we have just civil unions since 2006 so far).
Nope
Russian chicks are probably more attractive on average (or roughly the same at the very least), the wages and life quality they can obtain through normal low-qualified jobs are lower, yet they're absolutely nowhere near our number
Getting a gun license is somehow as hard as driving license.
I believe that your brain is capable of searching the relevant sources by yourself
Personally, I rank our willing participation in the Roma genocide above that
It has been observed that systems which combine democracy, aristocracy and autocratic rule are more likely to lead a nation into greatness as well as preserve the liberty of citizens than democratic countries
With the political situation in Azerbaijan and Turkey, it's probably not likely to work.
Would they even want their own country?
Manual laborers are ridiculously underpaid here (that's why a lot of them jump the fence)
I spent shitload of time in London, was taxed there for couple of years as I was only there or somewhere else on business trips.
Or better, thumb beside feet
Opinions on the new Gun laws the EU approved?
Nice one
Hmm, I've never really looked at that in detail bc I'm allergic to apples, but I'd guess around 5-10 at most supermarkets
Our legionnaires didn't ask to be caught in the middle of this godforsaken war, but they did an amazing job with resources at hand, holding the Trans-siberian railroad and the surrounding areas free of commies for more than a year, while slowly fighting their way to the east to Vladivostok, from where they traveled across the Pacific, USA, Atlantic until they arrived in our newly independent country 2 years after the end of WW1...
Also, naughty children supposed to be taken back to Spain
thank you for producing of such a fine cars, my beloved neighbor
I might not get Sacher next time in Vienna.
We just helped them to fulfill their dream to get to the Reich, but without the land.
I’ve been to Germany many times and I can tell you, the Czech Republic made a huge progress in the last 20 years
The landscape of Iceland
Here a grilled cheese is a grilled cheese and having some sandwich instead would cause some "excuse me
Because they are quite behind and large comapred to western EU.
It may sound sad or pathetic to someone but moments I spent with these gamed are some of the best in my life.
Also the american one with lyrics
European right is much different from american
No, we wear slippers or walk barefoot/in socks.
I would say that it's almost guaranteed that every person of Italian descent is descendant of some Roman patrician family...
[Alena Schillerová - Minister of Finance]
Portugal deserves to become an island with access to Mediterranean
It is just not the Baltic sea we are jealous of (and yours North sea doesn't really makes any difference, Rügen island wasn't a dream destination not even during socialistic times) So the question "how is our acces to the sea doing" from Poland have only answer "yeah, it is better than yours because we have it closer" :)
You just don't
But in all honesty it took me years before I realized he's actually half black
Z kopců - from the mountains (since a lot of Germans lived in the mountainous area of Sudetenland)
To be honest, czechs don't trust other czechs neither (especially politicians) :-)
It's said, that czech crown is 40% undervalued to US dollar and 30% to Euro.
And if anyone is actually interested in this phenomenon here is nice a [video] about physics behind it.
What's expected impact of this move on voters' preferences?
Nobody can name them all or find them on the map, but when we hear it, we just kinda know it's from somewhere in the US
But surely they wouldn't sell you beer just anywhere, right
You could just leave the overall sentiment of the posts and only change a few words and it will be like an ordinary religious subreddit
Of course there are parts of the party that I don't quite like, making it the 'lesser evil' - but still I believe in the party as a whole, else I'd just sit the elections out
When at home, I dont drink much
So you're ready to exchange Poland's richest part for the least developed parts of *Ukraine*?
Europe's the big 3: London, Paris, Rome
I once saw a very amusing Vice documentary, where they visited a bunch of junkies living in some bushes on the edge of Prague and watched them make "heroin" out of poppy seed, which they stole from a nearby field
"gospodin"? We called "Hospodin" the God
There are so many pretty places in the world and he had to settle where he did, in the one place between the Germans and the Russians
But in 1938, Germany had probably more planes than we have anti-air missiles at the moment
There's no word for that so we just read it as "and" but it can be called by its latin word (et) or English word (ampersand)
Try to leave the country
Again, the only temporary sense of brotherhood stemmeed from panslavism and shared opposition of Slavic peoples against German dominance in the Austrian monarchy
Czechoslovakia was also one of the biggest supporters of Israel in its first years.
Certainy better than the Hungarian half, which pretended there were none.
More people than I would expect know a bit about Czechia/Prague, at least those from other European countries
The rule where to apply period and where not is insanely complex, expecting you fully understand the grammatical role of every word in the sentence
Most of the bars/pubs are overpriced anyway
Of course your media is going to be dominated by another country's media if the domestic market cannot satisfy the demand
Marie, Anežka
I looked it up and there were around 22 cases of bad meat from Poland in the last 6 years
All eyes on Germany (and France too i guess)
šéfe - boss
Even in the the 80s it was clear that the future is in CNC machines, at least on industrial level
Pensala FIN
But people like Ulbricht and Gomulka were eager to crush the reformists in fear of being ousted by similar movements at home
Because it's a language for every budget
Or was it the Krčmaň affair, where the Communist party in 1947 attempted to assassinate the non communist Minister of Justice, Deputy Prime Minister and, Foreign Minister
Well another Austrian or German guy would probably come and try to conquer half of Europe anyway, because of the situation Germamy found itself in
) You don't have to put the card against the chip when entering, you can be controled by controler, if you don't have coupon on your card, or a marked ticket, you'll get a fine (about 70 euros
* EU wants to turn us into a new soviet union, leftist paradise where we will have to eat white babies or some shit
"Kaktus pochodówy"
I don't think using a Microsoft product for "privacy" is a great idea
We also point Slovaks as Hungarians if we want to sound rude
The car brand **Skoda** literally means "*shame*" in Czech.
A much better approach would be legalizing drugs like weed or psychedelics and decriminalizing harder drugs
Do you really ? I never heard of that
I believe that in Russian this word used to mean "deputy" as in "deputy minister": tovarysh ministra
In baby steps
Since mostly locals use them, the drivers are way nicer than on normal roads
In the Czech republic we can own and carry guns after a short license and medical evaluation and our gun crime is practically zero
It could be more fun to have multiple
Funny how archaic and perfectly normal are often polar opposite in our languages
We have the same but with camel
I remeber my first time in Finland, a friend of mine introduced his sister to me and I had no idea about Finnish spelling at the time, so I just did my best to remember how it sounds
We just need to teach our moms to make few clicks
Basshunter what a legend, havent listened to him in ages let me go rectify that
there is same thing in Romania and maybe elsewhere.
There are many excellent Spanish cheeses, some Greek and Cypriot ones (Kefalotyri for one, plus niche things like Feta and Halloumi), and I had good cheeses from Norway (this sweet brown cheese), Sweden, Lithuania (they follow the Swedish tradition, Džiugas is similar to Swedish ones), Austria (Bergkäse), UK (cheddar, stilton)
Because we have good wines as well.
Just saying the factors that I see as to why I'm not huge on this idea of EU army without the US
Yes, that's the most common word
My partner is French
At least they have waitresses as annoyin as in US
Definitely Slovak and if I don't count Slovak then it is Russian
OK, I suppose it's a matter of opinion
Tbh the main difference I see that Austrians want to differentiate from Germans
In general, we lack truly modern, inclusive and ambitious party here in CZ.
I took the bus from Prague to Vienna and back over the summer and we didn't even stop at the border.
everything that saves time
I am not complaining
Its commedy, but really funny full of inside jokes, for example Cimrman's Ten Commandments for Novice Actors
Can you build one by ours
Also žabožrouti (frog eaters) for the French,  although that is quite offensive
That looks so wrong with the space
* SK: Ďakujem
Pascal is an Nvidia GPU architecture.
Easy, hold my beer (literally)
Well good luck in your fight
However, most of us still recognize their cultural and artistic value and are fine with taking care of them on the same level as castles, museums etc
The rest is hidden behind steering wheel and dashboard.
What it did have were defensive walls, that were aimed inward
11AM actually
Hungary one gets used a lot here to annoy Slovaks
Have you guys thought of making assault illegal
Even more badass in my opinion
I'm so glad it's not common here, at least one advantage of our landlocked country
What the fuck
1920s during the First Republic or around 1870 in A-H.
z - from
Like the words they say are kind, but their tone of voice sounds kinda insincere
Bleeding is very dangerous and its not that hard to cut a major blood vessel with a long slash
Especially if parties like AfD keep gaining a stronghold and force politicians to respect our trusted Middle Eastern ally.
Money
Řezno = Regensburg
When you enter, they give you a membership card and you can smoke
I wouldn’t. But I would change the anthem's pace so it’s right again
So now it's objectively true that "CNN is fake news"?
My birth town is named after smoke, because when my country was founded
On the other hand thirteen year old Mike in USA who has 80 iq points unfortunately (barely) speaks english, has acces to internet and will happily share his fire challenge on facebook.
Babis has the most power out of the bunch
Seriously what is up with these type of leaders having weird hair (Trump, Boris, Wilders...).
There were the Polish Armed Forces in the East w/ the Red Army
I'm sure I'm missing some :)
Its thrashy, if you want to do shitty job (hair dressing, waitress, helping hand in industry) Its how you choose it for life without possibility to go back
(I mean they will create black hole and totaly change this place)
Many Europeans countries actually were at first quite nervous about the German reunification, but those worries more or less dissappeared in the 90s.
It was pretty disappointing to realize pretty much nobody learns Czech :/
However that ended 27 years ago and since then the countries have changed and differentiated that it really doesn't make sense grouping them together.
However almost everything here was shaped by wars in a way, so that is definitely a reminder that peace is something to be grateful for
The same is with alcohol, drugs
I have bad news for you mate, I live in Germany.
Really shows how popular it is in Austria
Probably an obvious anwser
Lots of people are using company emails for private mails
I am not going to translate it for you
Tried watching and reading Polish news and I could understand the general meaning (understanding was higher when written)
I'm sure the terrorist acquired it legally right
I am super blind, where did you see the 4.5% upfront?
Austria
And the "Czech Silesia" grew thanks to coal mining and heavy industry (the area around Ostrava)
He was a good finance minister, but unfortunately it was during the Great Recession, and uneducated people like to blame it on him
-Bohuslav Sobotka, former prime minister
It would take a massive effort to change anything on such a large scale, let alone changing the whole train infrastructure of Europe, though I’m sure things can be done to better the experience of passengers
Im pretty sure a lot of gun shot wounds gets unreported
I am nationalist but hate hitler because he ruined it.
Also, my personal observation is that Slovenians look a lot like Austrians, not like Bosnians, Serbians, Montenegrins, Romanians or Bulgarians
You can get hurt by underestimating our (rather tiny) mountains though
Volte Pravý Blok - stranu za snadnou a rychlou ODVOLATELNOST politiků a státních úředníků PŘÍMO OBČANY, za NÍZKÉ daně, VYROVNANÝ rozpočet, MINIMALIZACI byrokracie, SPRAVEDLIVOU a NEZKORUMPOVANOU policii a justici, REFERENDA a PŘÍMOU demokracii WWW
That's the only times I remember Malta exists.
we have various museums of sex and spiders and torture and feed people "traditional old Czech" chimney cakes that nobody local ever seen
Except [the decision was made around 2000
But it doesn't always translate to nationality because people mix and move around Europe a lot
Quite sure, I have spent a week in Warsaw and a day in Gdansk and Gdyna
First that came to my mind was smrt=death and zmrd=dickhead, it might not seem that close to you, unless you know that S and Z are pronounced almost the same in Czech
The gypsy problem isn't just magically going to disappear
anything fizzy and / or fruity but except coke
No, but there is one Pizza stand where I live that specifically labels itself "American Pizza" and there you always get some garlic sauce
If there is not, then they have to stay in the room with other patients for the entire required time
Sorry guys
11, all major parties offers exact same shit and they are not so strong to create a majority in parliament.
Go figure
Never been to one or even heard of one.
Okay, 30-Years War and the Hussites have both been mentioned, so I'll go for the less obvious choice - **the Protectorate**.
some of them was "international", was somewhere in GDR together with Hungarian and Poles back then and  Germans, poles and Hungarians were going here as well
The sentence says that “three hundred thirty three silver hoses squirted over three hundred thirty three silver roofs”
Burn this heretic
Yeah, that's the first movie coming into my mind when I am trying to remember a good Czech movie.
That's a ridiculous number
Sadly, he was at least a competent epidemiologist and a good health minister to have in a pandemic
it wasn't a country with communism
I study English though, idk if it’s relevant
I think one or more robbers returned and their face/s got captured on camera
I mean Japanese names sound nice,but it would be very weird if a kid was called Takumi Novotný.
Trump's term was just a catastrophe
For example, „holubi“, „holuby“ and „holube“ are all pronounced differently
And the hockey championship in 1969
* devourer (žralok) - shark
During applause on an open stage do not bow
cz: "Some of us got more that 60
What it did have were defensive walls, that were aimed inward
So below 8°C
Tss, they don't even have Metro
Got it, only Jesus is allowed to get nailed
Squating all day squating all night, wearing track suit being all white,
Since sixties there was a deal between commies and Vatican so Vatican certificated bishops etc nominated or approved by commies in exchange for some religion freedom.
Yes – you can see the entire Czech Navy with its commander-in-chief on a single picture
Poland/Czech is incorrect
Ofc mostly it's about France, UK, Germany and then our neighbors
Appreciate this, Was It hard to make
Now i see how fucked up they really are and am happy to live where i live
No, no, no, wrong, it's obviously [Droběna] ;)
I don't think I ever considered intentionally finding someone from a different country, but I somehow ended up with an Austrian boyfriend, so I guess that I subconsciously miss the old Empire or something.
* (el) porqué == (the) reason
I'm saying, that we should be getting proper wages, not be EU's local China.
If you like Christmas, the atmosphere and and feeling is just great.
It can be easily seen in the case of verbs which we conjugate as if they actually were Czech
In Czech departures (of buses, trains) are "odjezdy". Also "autobusov" is Slovak, in Czech it's "autobusů".
You dont want your own agricultural companies to crumble because some African dictator fuck can grow it cheaper with basicaly slave labour
The suffixes are different for different genders, different endings in the base word etc
Thick walls, sturdy doors, a different floor, possibly loud music -> even soft BDSM isn't a problem
Or just Hradubice
Jo, mimochodem nechcete ho zpátky
Also ban Kinder Surprise
Also, all limitations can be waived if you're EU citizen and decide to use naming convention of your state
And it would mean being brave
> Japan also has this archetypical character in the samurai
"Baba Przębytećna"
brb, dropping out of law school
brněnský čurák?
Leftist "idealism" is very dangerous because it is mostly immature vision of world feeded by personal frustration and deprivation packed as a rational (even "scientific") teaching.
Oh c'mon, Welsh is cheating
I believe the English language is the problem
Still no sea
" It's hard to explain all the benefits when the regular person feels that the policy only causes more burden (and the companies are good at framing it as a "sorry to bother you, it's the EU's fault"
Probably the least appealing is Belarus.
I begged my brain not to convert it to CZK
316 of
people who are butthurt by caricature will have it hard in life
Could you elaborate on why I am being delusional
And a friend of mine for example has been dating a guy 15 years older than her since she was 16 and they're still happily together
* Germany wants to control us so they dictate the EU what unfair laws they impose to us
Other Slavic languages aren't so similar, but since I know my cyrillic and my diacritics I can usually understand the general meaning of the sentence
Now that I think about it, the centers of those two towns are very similar, just Budějovice is much, much larger
We Czech would really fight about anyone connected to communism, lot of (especially elder) people say it wasn't that bad back then
Con: Alcohol
EU,  Spa Francorchamps, De Bruyne, Lukaku
I love how things (in day-to-day life) work, the countryside, architecture, etc
FTFY
Nevertheless, through him we have lost independence for centuries
I also heard it's a very clean place thanks to very high fines for littering and people are workaholics
Also i changes pronounciation n->ň, d-> ď etc
Sounds strange to me with 'n'
This picture was created almost at the end of 30-years war.
Richie Rich - Sám doma a bohatý - Home alone and rich
It's politically easier to collectively bash Eastern Europeans than to single out the ethnic group guilty of this.
We feel the same way
I mean atrocities such as *vepřejď* instead of *vpředu
This is connected with another tradition which is more of a ceremony where the last year students initiate the penultimate year students
every country has places that are so bad that they should just get leveled and forgotten forever.
Otherwise they are western Slavs in all but name, imho
that's why I refrain from generalizations like that
Yep, all the time
In sense of country it is vlast but direct translation is otčina
For instance, here in the Czech Republic people use [mapy
Did he conduct cruel, crazy experiments on people
Let me be an arbiter
Also, thanks for the Witcher (both the books and games, not so much the old show haha)
Prague represent - way too many fucking tourists.
In general, Czech Republic lacks labor unions, which would make pressure on employers and government.
Look there is my country's flag
Many learn vocab like "pay", "thanks" and some numbers.
So simple, cheap yet so efficient
Gib clay
* Václav Havel (I am not sure if he counts as historical because he was president until 2003)
Only time I saw it was on Simpsons
Hahaha I agree that Kofola is an acquired taste
If you can't see the clear connection and implication between the two definitions, that's on you
The biggest difference is always in motivation, though - if you really need to, you'll learn any language to decent fluency
Here in the Czech Republic it seems that most young smokers (<25 year olds) switched to vaping.
I´ve searched through the detailed list of crimes published by state police (only in Czech language) and numbers for some interesting types are as following:
remember Johnny Bravo
Děkuji is more formal
It is just how things was
Or, you'll end up in Dark Age
I know that they exist, but that doesn't mean that it's just weird
)**tires** are awful there
When he is grumbling miserably
And suddenly, millions of startups stopped calling their "if else" code AI
* Semtex (the explosive)
It's fun - To je prdel - It's ass
For us, anyway
Perhaps:
China used their embassy and our president to not allow it but Vystrčil went anyway
I'm fucking 28
Wait for real
Sounds like bunch of drunk mates that crash your party and leave stuff behind when you kick them out early in the morning.
With nukes pointed at each other I doubt it will be safe.
I was a member of one such group, but not the "proper" scouting, so maybe someone who was can elaborate further
Time to take pickaxe, few friends and find out
Not sure what evil faction Sweden joined but I am in.
When I corrected her she asked if I mean by Gregorian or Julian calendar
* jmenuju: 1st person singular "to name, to appoint"
Great question but I have no idea
Oh those are great
That looks like every city in my county, so you don’t have it that bad
At least there's not much talking
Thanks
Oh, that sucks
“What do you mean ‘first world war’?”
neb nikdy  nikdo ne-ví  co se může státi
” Czech president Miloš Zeman
He’s sort of controversial but he knows what’s up
Yes
After some beers we were speaking Czech-Polish with him :D
As far as guns go, Czech republic is the second most liberalised gun country in the world after (certain States of) the US
This is not a bad thing, but it is a reason why Europe should defend its interests as a unified entity
Prague Astronomical Clock
We have the biggest beer consumption in the world (143 liters per capita)
4%, Polish have *increased* by 3
Our GDP PPP per capita for example was always higher than for the Soviets
I think the most famous of these is ,,Polednice" (The Noon Lady)
Blyny or pfankuchen
That's kinda all
I visited Krakow this summer and loved it
Bike is a bit slower but I do not have to wait for connection
You can best portray both laughter and tears by shrugging your shoulders
If I absolutely had to go with my gut, I would say that Andorra, Luxembourg, Belarus or Malta don't really draw my interest all that much, but I am pretty sure that if I visited them or did a bit of research, I would inevitably find something interesting about them
Karel VI
guys with camera offering women money for blowjob
Awww
It's more like "protest" party which is voted by many non-religious people when they are angry on the mainstream.
I never bought bottled water to drink at home
Yeah that's my favourite part as well
"No
Bilo je i onih, koji nisu fer
Empty one of course, what am I, an animal
I think you droped these ","
This whole poem is linguistically interesting, because Czech language by default stresses the first sillable in every word, but reading this poem makes you always stress every other sillable (it's called jamb), very unnatural way of speaking in Czech, but at the same time it sounds good
Did you explain that to her
I know, white socks in brown sandals, that's a big controversy here
I got existential despair from just reading that sentence
I was on my uncle's wedding and he had his British friend with son there too
Did you get really get that from Austria
Poland: they dont like us much, but it could work, overtime the languages would get simmilar
At least I've never heard of a similar phrase in Czech
The law faculty is great (from what I heard)
Get fucked
I'm envious
And if you consider all the social media, films etc
Completely normal, the quality of tap water here is more than OK
El ministerio del tiempo demonstrated me that there's a huge period of Spanish history I know shit of
As far as I understand, childcare
Taliban means "students", talib is a student in Farsi (EDIT: arabic loanword)
I'll take this kind of embarrassment over the embarrassment our current president Zeman does
I have to say I've never ever experienced any bad reaction from Spaniards, even when my Spanish was very basic
It's about small wizard living in present times, but don't understand them much, who  sometimes experiences quite scary adventures
If not for few 19th century intellectuals hell-bent on ressurecting the Czech language, we would be like todays Sorbians.
§62 says "Vital record accepts any existing name in its correct form". It is solely their decision whether the name is "existing" and "is in correct form", any digression from their opinion does cause long legal battle
On the other side, people say that they were Nazis
Musks factories are as automated as possible.
I'd support it - provided the patient makes the decision themselves, it is not an impulsive decision and can take the decision back any time.
With Ruskies, it is politics, history and criticizing anything about Russia (even things that Ruski himself will criticize in front of you)
this is scary af :(
tbh I eat it like a few times a a year in the winter, cause there's a stand near my house that's selling them for like 40Kč for a big one
This one is not about not caring about something specific, it's about not caring in general
>Art
* regulations regarding sale = none.
Eeey hehe that sounds very familiar  what do they make it out of
Priceless
I think for people that are getting in the senior age around now even that won't be necessary
Also he's only been the minister for like a month because the previous guy couldn't take it anymore (he got blamed for our current "Best in Covid" situation which, to be fair, is mostly the fault of our government having no fucking idea what they're doing
Same as you, but our pronunciation is harder because of "ř"
We've got [president's rap] and [PM's rap] in the European Parliament, then [presidential parody of Thrift Shop] president's famous ["kunda" speech remix] and last but not least, [Finance Minister's electronic remix]
Full grammatical analysis:
If you want to see a movie about the assassination of Heydrich watch Atentat from 1964 or Anthropoid from 2017
Czechia kinda sucks for renewables - not enough wind, not enough sun, relatively small rivers
sim card (which I have no clue where it is) with some tariff (I don't use and have it redirected to my personal number)  + some (midrange) Android phone for these interested
Which compared to 1,5 hour by plane is too much for a younger child
In general commuting in Prague is not really a thing  unless you have it close and flat, you don't mind taking 3x longer route due to terrain, you are fit enough to handle terrain,  you don't mind weather will be often against you and you don't shit yourself cycling in traffic
There's this tradition of fasting on Christmas Eve
Let's make a movie about independence war or civil war and ruin it completely
And Turkish military is four times larger
Troll A - TIL
or Bohemia to leave Moravia :-).
More like, why yes
Volá mi snad každej den
Jeseníky mountains is a hidden gem that nobody outside of Czechia and maybe few Poles really know about
I feel like I'm getting worse at both English and Czech
Edit: I think most of the Czech wouldn't even be able to point it on the map
Both have a certain "underdog" mindset, although we express it in a much different way due to the whole 20th century mess
There were % of nazis in Austria than Germany
Also I remember having a heated argument with my friend about whether the capital of Ireland is Dublin or Baile Átha Cliath
nah, we only hate our neighbours when they win in hockey
How much work
After every attack we give police people better guns for a month or so.
Both countries have a majority of Shia muslims
Jews tended to be on average more educated, they mostly belonged to the upper middle class in Prague and this urban elite at that point largely spoke German.
And if *that* happens, we have bigger issues on hand than a few works of art.
In home pretty much only in summer when it's hot.
(Or we got more eggs than we need but try to say no to relatives)
Not sure but the Czech Republic has the lowest unemplyoment rate in EU
Central, but a lot of people, mostly from over the pond, are saying Eastern, which is wrong
Rewinside
Hmmm what about Totally-not-Winnie-the-Pooh
lidezbrna - totally uncivilized rednecks from a village
Yeah that happens, I did the same for "Maya the Honey Bee" which I thought was Czech (probably because of the opening song by Karel Gott) and many years later I found out it was actually Japanese anime
[*Narodil se Kristus pán*] (Lord Christ has been born).
We are used to wild fluctuation of our fertility, up and down
Well, it's mostly Babiš, the oligarch leader of ANO, against the world.
So you deport in Morocco people that probably never lived there.
Exactly, most people dont care, in the West, they would have banned them already
Not surprised
Can I get a pog in the chat
Definitely, EU needs to work on common asylum policy and to plan ahead.
My grandmas place is always 26,5, it’s hell
I also have some binoculars from my great uncle who used them to look for u-boats when he was captain on a ship in the British merchant navy on the Russian convoys - Carl Zeiss, bloody German binoculars
Then I was cheated haha
Yeah, I know
Right wing parties are more "extremist" in nature, like the old SNS and Kotleba&co.
But the president keeps him there
But also laughable because it doesn’t work when people use VPN, which is such an easy tool to use
You know, we have beautiful architecture everywhere in the city centre
Even with the numbers we have
Or stupid people who refuse leave Midsomer despite it is full of murderers
Those are quite confusing terms to me, I thought that varenyky was the Ukrainian term and pelmeni Russian for a very similar dish
I dont know about a single person from the past we'd hate, but maybe the Habsburgs
The Czech Republic is a sovereign, united and democratic state based on the respect of law and freedoms of man and citizen
When I go up to the mountain Kleť everyone says "ahoj" ("hey"), except for elderly people and families
I have family in Most, I've been there a handful of times in my life and I have always thought it was the ugliest city in the country
>F2p will take over gaming by 2025 no matter what, lootbox ban or not
People who really suffered during the war are mostly empathetic enough not to wish the same evil on others, even Germans
Any historical borders would include Wroclaw (much smaller, since in the 14th century Prague was the biggest in the Holy Roman Empire even, though with industrialisation in Silesia in the 18th centure it would probably come close, I don't have the exact numbers)
I consider it it faulse logic tho
Yet some dumb people still use the argument "Oh, you Czechs are atheists because of communism
I work part time as programmer and I only work 7 hours a day and only 4 day a week (as I requested, because I'm lazy).
I've never seen a picture from that time with such vibrant colours, so I'm guessing coloured
How TF was he supposed to do that
A place I’ve been around 20 times
I 100% agree with you about France and Germany
It's not, and it's a good thing.
Yes
Just a little bit more to tear down the last dictator in Europe
Yeah, I am a Czech and there is so much fucking CZECXIT propaganda
> Once there was a storm and this monument rolled through the city and workers tried to catch it with bulldozers
6** homicide rate
I left too /r/politics, because it's clear all posts and comments go only one way
Stay strong and positive because change will come
(2) The Czech Republic shall observe its obligations resulting from international law
Al dente is the only way to pasta
Once he said beer it was pretty clear
But in such case, it would be rather unnecessary, since NATO already has many EU members in it and it has a common defence clause which is (externally) more valuable than EU alone since it has American military weight behind it
when you crank the water level parameter to 11 and click generate
“Czechia” makes sense anyway, but just personally I like Czech term “Česko”.
I see
That's just done so modern audiences don't feel uncomfortable but it gives off a wrong image of 'normal'.
\> supermarkets seem to begin putting up christmas stuff earlier every year
Uhh
Probably people who don't actually use it as a drink
It's the old Czech spelling, not Polish
>Seriously trying to compare the ČSSR to the Nazi occupation
Here's basically a full [Czech-Hantec dictionary] :)
* Henry VIII = Jindřich VIII
One would think that "I'd rather vote ANO over <literally anything that isn't commies or fascists>" wouldn't be an idea people would hold in 2019
It's pretty common for non-Europeans to refer to it as "Holland", actually.
Adoption these days is mostly a concern for grown children and those with health issues.
I don't understand, how can somebody advocate for communism these days, when there are several proofs it is not possible to make communism work
Also, if you think we are more understanding towards Germany than France or the UK with regards of Munich/WW2, try to bring up Beneš degrees in an average Czech pub and claim that they were/are unfair and we should give compensation to Sudeten Ger
>Everyone you don't like is a Stalinist
I hate that this is considered embarrassing.
The rest are just versions of "Germans here too"
If we need something small on the weekend, we go to local shop in the town which is 5 min walk, but that is because the town is very small (3500 inhabitants).
We even have the fish farming specialized highs school (afaik it was world or European only one) but you know what, you can buy a fresh fish from the tank just that week around Christmas (a carp in this case) and that's all.
This, however, led to an even more widescale division in the society, where part of the society is called "kavárna, pravodláskaři, sluníčkáři" (café, truthlovers, sunnies), and Zeman's supporters are being under constant fire from our "elites".
I absolutely hate it
We dont need bans on gambling if you raise children right
Now let’s have a look at regional trains
There are couple of exeptions like Janů or Petrů when the surname is the same for both genders, and if women marries a foreigner, she can keep his surname without -ová. Ie
I do honestly believe that, my fellow european
Someone likes visiting their supposed Lebensraum
My native language is Czech, I can understand Slovak, but I don't speak it (Why would I?
Google shows me this for "best tap water": [
Living outside of Prague now it seems three quarters of the village have their adult kids living with them, I hope my two sons convert our barn into houses and live there like the neighbours kids have done
This is still alive in some villages, I’ve encountered it once in middle of nowhere village, and it felt alien
I was born and live in Prague, Southern Bohemian local patriotism I know because part of my family recently moved there.
No doubt the leftists on this sub regularly complain about right wing fake news, but eat this shit up no problem.
They can later decide to leave the church
If you cheat a bit, then it is possible in my country, although you have only around 120€ to spend.
i do often, but i dont really mind since i will be leaving this place in a few years and have no use for it anymore
I stopped writing cursive when I got into high school
In the 9th grade, we had a brief overview on literature but I know it's not much common, we had a good teacher.
Well yes, but if they planned to liberate Prague, they would deffinetely take more troops
Us Czechs are not a warlike nation (as my friend once said: "I am not worried about civil war here
questionable mnemonics
I think thats a bad thing
Sure it's not as rich as Denmark, but it's above average in Europe, and and absolute paradise when compared to the world's average living standards
There is a lot of housing estates, warehouses and some factories
The real snowmobile
There are no American-type SJWs in CZ.
Lessons are 45 minutes (sometimes 90 in HS if the teacher decides to not do a break in the middle), breaks are 10 min and one 20-35 min "big break" around 10am
When I was at grammar school few years back, there were less than 30 of us (out of 120; 4 classes) studying it.
There's 14 in Czechia
And there's sirens going off outside
I don't know, kicking out Yanukovych didn't turn out all that great for the Ukrainians
I mean, it might damage your relationship with that person, so for you personally it is generally wiser to not talk about it
I, a Slovak, always understand when somebody insults me in Hungarian
Oh, classics
At least as far as I know
I hate that because I love food and this limits the things I can experience but I just can't get past it
Turkey doesn't like it at all and anything connected to Kurds.
Or maybe some other with people arguing with Soviet soldiers, like [this one]
I didn't know it was known abroad as well.
* Something non-IE, either Arabic or Turkish, just for fun
But who's to blame changes absolutely NOTHING about their situation
Hi, you might want to check [this] out.
Chinese funds come with a steep hidden price.
a jet fighter into your funicular, then some ship, then a.n U-boat resurfaced beneath a japanese fishing ship
Is the city really that bad
One Czech Journalist prove that out eight out of ten slices of bread fall to the grease sight
Certainly not a Pulloutzer story for sure
Uhh
"  -DE
I can understand she's surprised, but if you get married to a Brit, why the hell would you not want to accept British citizenship at some point?
We could be the republic alternative to the UK - the UR
Haha replace cup of tea with coffee and ciggaret and you have a Czech version
That's a weird question to ask the whole Europe.
It's probably not that shocking that some people would interpret Erdogan's statements as deliberately flaming hatred of the West in the muslim world and hence indirectly encouraging such attacks
I only really know Rey Koranteng and it took me some 20 years to realise he's not "white".
Austria: yes please do it
... And yeah, few years after that, Czechoslovakia was no more
Bernie is a leftie even by Europe’s standards
>nothing to do with the coup
Is there someone for whome a clown isn't part of a nightmare
All of the stans except Kazakhstan
Instead of dessert, it can take place in border mountain regions
It definitely is celebrated the same as the German guy said but I'm not sure to what extent, because it's not celebrated in cities and big towns
Same here
I was like wtf
not technically a building but the "brněnský čurák"
/iː/. There was a difference few centuries ago
That was the reason why our king invited them to settle border because Czechs were settling inland .
There are no vowels pronounced in these examples.
Nobody knows how many live here illegally, but probably at least another 20.000.
And do you northdwellers even understand that most of your exports go to other EU countries
Just realised corona exists, so the over-tourism is not really an issue right now, haha
(people don't eat it on a regular basis but the question has been made famous in the popular Hrabal/Menzel movie
But I meant just some words
And as per usual the quality difference between what is essentially the same product is still present, despite the efforts of the suffering countries to make the EU change that
No problem with that, I hate commies since childhood.
Checked what was the weather like [on this day last year] and we had a 38°C heatwave
Good point but they're doing it right
And it's not going to affect large tech companies, because they can afford to either setup filters or fight the law in court, but will hinder small companies who can't do either of that
Because they know Babiš is going to embezzle a good deal of it; once he's done, what's left will be in line with everybody else
Slovenian is unintelligible to me, unlike Slovak or Polish
it is not that hard , say Ciao to your family, hug your cat, pack your bag, fill up your Dacia and come here
Well, forceful re-catholisation under Habsburg monarchy, period of strictly secular democracy, then decades of religious atheism under Communist boot.
Was supposed to go on top, too
Above them there are 2 highest courts: Highest (or Supreme) Court of Republic and Highest/Supreme administrative Court of the Republic
IT seems to atract a lot of foreigners to work in Prague
>Listening to Austrian radio was illegal,
Czechoslovakia: k, got u fam
Tábor's tunnels really do feel like a D&D dungeon
The image is that you cannot really turn yourself and close the door if you are the "cart" in this situation
we have zombie as president already
I have to drive past a landfill each morning I drive to work, prefer to drive a bit of a longer way home to miss it as its an eyesore and it stinks so cant thave the window down in the summer
I for one am going to take the giant leap of suggesting the US and Germany should be friends
Fort was replaced by a really nice palace.
The car - D car
EXCUSE ME WHAT
>Radio Maria also exists in other countries
I feel you man, this really sucks :/ I hope EU will pressure Russia to back the fuck off.
This is all without mentioning that this Eastern Bloc definition is extremely, extremely broad and lumps together countries which haven't had much in common before the Soviet occupation and have distance themselves from the Soviets/Russians from Day 1 they were allowed to
It would be like a gang with machetes against a guy with a bicycle.
Like, if I know I want to do study STEM, I know I won't need drama or journalism.
Interesting question
Even tho if we count in % of world population then biggest killer would be probably Genghis Khan (not european, just thought to mention him might not be completely off-topic).
especially pens
Alternative facts
No and I thought that americans must be really stupid, because they have spelling bees when I saw them in cartoon
It goes sideways in some places, the walls aren't flat, there's debris, "fake" bottoms and possibly some very small openings which you have to find and fit through
I believe Dachstein should become the capital of all three countries
I can’t speak it flawlessly even after 17 years
2) Prague, Czechia
Btw dont you have to justify every purchase above a certain number
Free trade and pareto improvements solve everything.
And for example the change from _s_ to _z_ happened in Czech too
As a tourist, i found it to be gross
We aren't ever planning to have kids, though, and our families don't take this seriously/don't believe us
I don't think it reflects the national sentiment about jews at all.
WW3 incoming
So almost all gun owners in the Czech Republic have it
president now uses the term "Prague café society" as a pejorative term though, so you could say we have an café anti-culture.
That Europe=EU
The fact you saw her should be a strong indication she wasn't one.
I think that we use it with "v" like in growling, but truth is that I have never heard it to
But if I've learned one thing, as an atheist, it is the very important realization that almost no Christians today believe in God as a supernatural being or take the Bible literally
ah shit too soon
so not finding a real sauna during my US stay was in fact a benefit as they will kick me out in no time :)
Or e-mail, but mostly just mail
I didn't use Google
I expected something like the start of Queen Elizabeth's reign.
Check for Pizza Comeback, they are at two places in Prague
At that point every protest I saw was against the result of the election.
Greece: Renting a motorcycle with my dad, travelling the interior of the island of Crete
It would be more like Poland and Hungary vs Czechia and Slovakia.
Couldnt believe what I saw on TV
OK, I suppose it's a matter of opinion
I guess
Maybe living in salt water on the coast
**Olomouc:** stinky cheese
NO WAAAAY
Your numbers are wrong
Nowadays nobody outside Brno speaks it or understands it and in Brno people understand most of it  but only very few can actually speak it
However, I haven't ridden a bike in ages
My parent's couldn't imagine a Snickers bar
fully paid public transport in Prague
Almost everyone is Atheist from late 1960s. And religion is now like a historical thing, i remember from my childhood, when i was watching some film or serial from US it was super weird when characters was praing before food and going to church on sundays
Novotný (male) and Novotná (female)
> "WHAT
Both countries have experienced the underdog, almost "colony" status under a reign of another, stronger neighbor
Do I understand it correctly that they have a big display there showing when you can leave
Here in Czech republic, you would be all over the place.
Many people came to visit us
The roofing is obviously the same in wooden and brick houses, so no difference there
You're welcome guys
Yes I guess so it is somehow this way, remembering filling naming papers for our daughter and they were quite strict what you can fill in (but lot of things can be changed later, like father form of surname etc)
Sounds like the Prague airport
Sometimes, a name has radically different colloquial version originating in a somewhat transformed German version of the name
Things are changing with each generation though.
Glad to hear that
Ajd even then, stabbing is easy
And again if it's clear from the text)
I live in Czech republic
There seems to be shift from Spain/Britain towards France/Belgium/Germany in this timeframe.
Have you ever met someone with an opinion like that
It is always a bit of both
I don't see summer getting cooler any time soon and the attic would be unliveable otherwise
When they need strong adjective, they just add very, when they need adverb, they ad -ly at the end.
We read Young Werther in school, it was pure suferring.
It's called "syllabic consonant" (sometimes also "vocalic consonant"), English has them as well
He criticises US political system that is based on strict separation of executive, legislative and judical powers.
There is also ČT, which is a national TV station, and it is popular, too
Usually more formal meeting, or meeting of two families, meeting for the first time
That's why Bratislava is often jokingly called "Gratislava"; gratis being German for "for free".
Even in Czech we use a shortened version (Česko) rather than the long version (Česká republika).
But there is not realy south/north divide in our country
Some people do, some people don't. My nation is good at having fun out of it
ODS actively despises anyone who need to make use of our social security system
I understand
Or at least I know the meanings behind them
The first step to win is to know your enemy.
It isn’t for people from Czech republic
It just sounds weird
[Klement Gottwald] had executed [some of his good friends] But it didn't help him much
In Northern Czechia (N. Moravia and Silesia) many folks actually understand Polish
Mafia doing something so high profile, that's insane
>Far be it that the King of Bohemia should run away
These games are balanced very well in fact
I see
Very mixed culture, EU, waffles, fries
Játrové knedlíčky (liver dumplings, excellent in soups)
Slower economic growth and some industries are crying about lack of workers(they want more ukranians and vietnamese) but imho some industries should just get away from our country or we will be in the middle income trap forever.
" and then they greet with another person
So do you see a way out
Also ["knedlíky vs
No shit man, they were also
Iraq and Iran are actually now pretty close
Hooker And fuck (as a bad word) are translated as Kurva
Hahaha mate
lol courtesy phrases in other languages
Things might get heated or rather awkward if the topic gets on the Sudeten Germans though, yeah
I guess the same applies to almost any place in this country
Orange man will deny his victory until he completely ridicules himself, but this could go on for months
Veverka
Crucial flaw of current "modern left" is that they adopted identity politics, political correctness and basically become neo marxists / cultural marxists.
Some schools like restaurant&hotel industry related have this as a part of regular schedule for whole year
Euro truck simulator, Factorio, Mafia 1, Arma, Beat saber, Kingdom come deliverance, Space engineers, someday you'll return, Vietcong, Samorost
It's more about the people who want them and they are mostly from the western part.
Prag, die Hauptstadt des Reiches
China isn't building military bases because America has nuclear weapons capable of wiping them out.
Fuck neo-nazis and antifascists
Yeah
What would be the point of posting in our native language in English speaking forum
sure they do, time ago I read some interview with Slovakian ambassador here in Prague, he said something like once per week there is a meeting of people from Slovakia and Slovenia embassy where they just exchange wrongly addressed mail
[Karviná] Consistently voted worst place to live by various metrics, it's still characterized by the heavy industry and coal mining that raised the town out of obscurity in the 19th century
Always play as the king of Georgia in ck2
It is possible
somehow I'm sure the mad scientist is an American...
oh, I didn't expect such high-quality banter from Namibia or Morocco
beer with milk
And what is the most sensible thing a newborn country can do
We also use the German ones (which I also didn't know were German) which we call "mariášové" which is derived from the card game "mariáš" (funny thing I learned today, the name comes from the French word "Mariage", so we use German cards to play a game with French origins but use French cards for almost everything else)
Read [this collum]
Have visited it three times and am planning to go again
Definitely, the stereotype does not help them.
Yeah, exactly, only the start - the tide has turned and future looks much better now.
* - "I've got it on a thin cooked sausage
There's this tradition of fasting on Christmas Eve
>You’re telling me a German will have svíčková for Sunday lunch
He was so powerfull, that no other duke or king wanted him as Holy Roman Emperor, so they voted for little known Rudolph Habsburg as their puppet
New Years Eve celebration in Malmö
For example, I am from Moravia and usually, people from Bohemia would not understand what I am saying if I didn't want them to and definitely not if my grandma was speaking
I don't think you can blame average person for how the state acts, especially in a regime where they have no power.
The self-defense licence here is automatically issued if you meet the requirements and also counts as a concealed carry licence
Well good luck in your fight
But it actually follows the story of Vilém, who has been sentenced to death for murdering his father for sleeping with his girlfriend
Another problem is with endings in the plural form of adjectives
She told me that there are also a lot of mistakes when they write something
Well of course
Other places in Tuscany are much better imo
In some pubs, they bring you beers automatically when you're finishing your currend beer
I could not comprehend a single word
You are moving again
If you accidentally lowered a single square of land on the dyke, it would flood your whole map
But mostly Brno, Morava, Prague
Čtvrthrst is longer by one letter
I don't want it to be true, really
That's interesting, because I actually am not able to assess if fails _to fit as close **as it can** to European cities and **possibly** as far **as it can** to non-European cities
When they get to power (like this time, when they were invited to government), then the christian conservatism starts to shine through.
Not entirely sure how much can governments do to help to be honest
Also super specific dresscodes in schools, I've never seen anyone care so much about what kids/teenagers (let's be honest, girls
Love Actually
I agree with you, and I think that this is a big problem with alcohol in the Czech Republic, it has become so normalized (the same goes for tobacco I would say) and yet the majority of people act like weed is so much worse and say that legalisation would ruin our society
More of it should be pedestrianised
Well the answer is obviously Czech
There are a lot of (about 80 000!) vietnamese immigrants in Czech Republic (always surprises people), who came here during the communist era and therefore had enough time to full integrate, which they did very well.
I believe in the party I vote for, but of course some members of it can be corrupt or incapable
Hopefully, it'll catch on
1945 - 1949 ( communists took over )
Not creative, I know
Yes
That would mean that the current figures should be 10
Yeah, it's depressing, but please don't give up and go vote even if you don't like the party that much.
Well, I know it's not common in Spain, but that's because they don't have the sauna culture (because of the warmer weather I believe)
Joj mamo
Does it have to be just one city in one country
How come I have untranslated names in my books
Everyone had job, because working was mandatory
TLDR: Right now, the system is unbalanced and the president is pushing its boundaries in the direction of presidential rule
US doesn't annex, US installs puppet governments.
Although we personally don't have one, I'd say atleast half of all my friends have one.
Other notable variants include meruňkovice (from apricots) and the rare oskerušovice (from  [Sorbus\_domestica]
Apparently because you eat twice as much of them as the rest of Europe combined or something like that
Same here
Not a fan of eating dry crust, but if I had something to dip it in, I would
people that dont think alike are exactly the reason the current populist right wing wave exists.
I speak German and it helps me a lot with learning Swedish
but this flows pretty well even today, you immediately get it
Absolutelly, I think there are some small places with quality (or distribution) problems here and there but generally tap water it is
Just go see the Prague Castle, then buy alcohol in a local shop and go get wasted to the Petřín hill, like everyone else does lol
Stůl (pronounced stool) is table in Czech :-----(
Current politicians see how the game is played, and you bet that they know who will butter their bread once they've left office.
I think I'll disagree on that one
The other thing that rustles my jimmies is the whole Nazi thing
I would rather expect celebrations
Like US does with NATO often (or rather did in the past)
Yeah, I remember when I was around 15, it was a kind of status thing among girls to have a 20+ boyfriend
Their quality decreased drastically after that
Cool
I wonder which of you two has a better grasp of what is and isn't important to Russia
There are a lot, here are some from the top of my head
And I can't agree with your explanation.
[A single Škoda Fabia is able to destroy five Pandurs
it's unacceptable that a nation that profiles itself as the leader of the free world even considers pulling out of this.
A country of 10M people
What this really is, is a rehashed welfare/unemployment scheme.
In Czechia, and other European and non European countries, zoophilia is legal as long as the animal isn't abused, the person doesn't record the act and distribute it which is still really fucked up
I believe there's a noticeable difference
The relationship between the two countries is strong in part due to the fact that both governments operate on a Shi'ite system of governance
Just consider the size of ah average knife and of the average bullet
They are rather new and have the biggest support among younger and more educated voters, together they got 15% of the vote
a - and
I remember a post at /r/ShitAmericansSay where an American guy explained to a Brit how the 5th of November is an awesome holiday because its point is to remind the government that if they will attack citizens' liberties, the citizens will revolt and blow up the parliament like the brave Fawkes guy tried
I'm American but I put a German flag as my Reddit flair.
We cannot agree whether communism was good or bad so anyone from this era kinda fails
But Europeans are incorrigible; intrude bear's den is foolishness even if the bear is ill at the moment.
Find us some decent King and we can talk about personal union.
I heard cashier in Kaufland saying that she likes Babiš, because they raised her wage while he is in power
Except the odds of an Irish speaker being present on a UK team are the same as the odds of a Russian speaker being present on the same team.
I can't for the life of me understand why churches get so politically involved and desire to control lives through legislation, rather than through the social fabric and traditional tools of their functioning
My parents participate in demonstrations in November of 1989 (first in Teplice, then in Prague)
It's possible that in that specific region it's more of a hot topic.
There is a very good reason why companies and groups are willing to pay politicians this sort of money when they are out of power.
Ah, a vegan soldier, then
[Sobotka's rap (remix of the previous vid)]
Don’t forget about the one nothing of snow in the Czech Republic
Sure, but they could still refuse to participate, like Ceausescu
My parents often argued about this - dad didn't really care during the day but would lock it at night
But the taste is lagging behind Pepi
I love the Magnificent Century, because of the history aspect of it
Optimists take out warm-weather clothes only to catch a cold and sneeze at everyone.
Yes, in some schools
Probably anything involving our president and alcohol (or [these] [two] ) I don't know if anyone else finds them Czech enough, but that is something I would show to someone if they asked what are Czechs like
Also, to clarify, when I say I am speeding, I don't mean I am doing 200 in a 130 zone
"is eh-oo
Wouldn't that be Republic of Bulgaria
Use pepper spray for home defense
I love [Louis de Funès] - I could watch movies with him over and over.
EU is an institution and has almost nothing to do with our culture and heritage
"*what do you eat in Germany?*"
Aldi discount thing was already explained (we don't have Aldi here but expecting something like Lidl) so my two cents after some time in US (Chicago).
We are among the safest countries in Europe so I guess it works just fine
Well after we crown Bosnia, I can quite confidently give you the award for the second most what in the actual fuck political scene
You mean grass that European Bison use to eat I hope
If somebody doesn't listen, instead of saying "Jsi hluchý?" (Are you deaf
It could be exaggerated or flat out untrue, so I've been meaning to ask, if anyone from a Nordic country has anything to say about it
I’m generally disinterested in the Balkan countries save for the food and pictures of lanscapes etc
It's really beautiful
Putting money into a private pension product already sounds like investing to my ears, just through a (hopefully) less risky product
*instead of home made booze
If you slightly rebelled against the regime it was kind of lottery (in the 80s) - you could end in jail or you could be left alone with warning
> Any tips or tricks you'd like to share
* Expect your allies to throw you under the bus
In Easter Sunday, children went to all houses in village, and they received treats and little cash for their ‘service’ in previous days
*"speak the wrong language, get stabbed"*
* Hearing it for the first time sent shivers down my spine
But the way Germans who lived in Sudetenland were threated after Czechoslovakia regained the teritory was quite cruel, too
How is atheism destroying Czech society?
Pro-tip: Hire a local guide and he'll show you how to get to places, how to take subway, what to eat, and whatnot.
One quickly adapts to the spelling, and I have enough exposure to German to survive some declensions more resembling German than modern English
Nothing like železnice
I find it hilarious that the Finnish have a sauna code of ethics
Germany is the engine of EU and France is the driver
We are welfare state, but rather lean.
They used to do that if they wanted to show some mercy to the criminal
If Jedis, you weed out, the fields lighter get, ahm.
It's certainly popular with me, it's the only alcoholic beverage I like.
As far as I'm aware, all the countries/entities all the way up to the year 1198 (founding of the Kingdom of Bohemia, not sure how is it with the preceeding duchy) are considered Czechia's legal predecessors
Ikea is love, Ikea is life
do you have more songs
> "одеть Надежду, надеть одежду"
The whole reason why it is today neutral and not part of NATO was because they took advantage of the Soviet Union's instability after Stalin's death and negotiated the Soviet withdrawal for perpetual neutrality in 1955
I understand supermarket one or bus one as you have to wait till clerk or bus driver serve the customers in front of you but in a pub
I'm here
I'm thinking about moving abroad for a couple years, depending on how I perfect my German
Sippola FIN
Ashamed
It’ll most likely be really hearty food, so use your preferred method of preparation for that
I do not think that this should turn into a standard procedure and from now on, everyone will be able to opt-out from everything.
Depends how much you look for details, but I don't think, that we have many blindspots
Negative concord
None, because our president owns them all
I think it will end in 10 years
Even Hitler would probably get some advocates, since we are one of the most xenophobic nations in Europe, but I think that we could all agree on the **Stellvertretrender Reichsprotektor in Böhmen und Mähren Reinhardt Tristan Eugen Heydrich**
It would go south pretty quickly and we would end up with Ireland, Germany and Russia
This is actually not entirely correct
hmm, this is from Prague 1968 -
Czech Republic is now called Czechia in Google Maps
Nudity is a proud tradition of every european tabloid, UK even has a phrase "page 3 girl"
Its most important changes up to now were the 1997 establishment of higher territorial units (provinces), the Euro-amendment of 2001, and the direct election of the president in 2011
hm this week I may go to PL, I'll check it out
You mean the name fits, then
One is czeching herself and the other is slovaking herself?
>(1) The Czech Republic is a sovereign, unitary and democratic, law-abiding State, based on respect for the rights and freedoms of man and citizen
Even better are the Russian memorabilia stores, they are oh so great
You have great herring
We do have plenty of nice stereotypes about France, OP just decided to pick a negative one.
We are used to wild fluctuation of our fertility, up and down
* **Sudety:** A general term used for regions inhabited by Germans until the end of WW2
If you don't close door - Do we have a black guy here
In the end, they succeed, is some ridiculous and stupid way
Pepper sprays are mainly for outdoor self-defense
Throw them out of the windows
From-where you
I started at 18, but that's only because I started elementary school at 5, born in November
You could also say political correctness isnt well received here
and they stayed
There are 202 political parties and movements.
Without EU co-funding the pace of development would grind to a halt and the public budgets would freefall into debt if we still wanted to build anything here
It's just an observation from other people that Polish truck drivers are the most dangerous ones
Happy that the mean man in charge of fixing our mess made a mistake and had to go away
Looks  sort of pretty (the dress)
And my cousin owns a tattoo salon
See: Shogun II Fall of the samurai for a really crude example.
Never encountered one in my life probably
Plus we got the akward backward number telling 26 = 6 and 20, which I personally find slightly unpleasant
Painful to watch, but still interesting
so I don't get why it's not marriage when it's so close then
So we will see how Mongolia manages it.
not necessarily ordered by preference:
I don't think there was actually any bigger city anytime
Especially in Hollande's case I'm uninterested in anything he might say.
Karel Gott a Míšovy šílenosti, duh
would the land created this way become another province
Not the best ride I ever had to be honest
Well Muricans like to say Go big or go home
Yes every czech, moravian etc would be german then
And then, when Germany officially broke the Versailles treaty, the France did nothing, although they were legally bound to act
Yes
I don't mean to offend but even Czechs know that eating polish meat is kind of like a russian rulette
Interesting, but this will result in a lot of children in NEED
It would also be great for us going on summer holidays, so I think there are some strong arguments
There is some kind of European identity, because after all, nearly all of our languages came from one family
I drink a cup each morning
In fact, they're specifically excluded
Therefore they have a tendency to assume world police role with America
you took your time to be brave
Rakousko-Uhersko
Plus had she actually been too close with Assad, I doubt that the US would ask her to represent them as well.
A sad picture
Back when I browsed /r/all from time to time, I had filters setup
Second that
Europe is quite green already
I don´t understand why should I be silent about inequality by birth, just because some place on this planet has it worse?
Although I wouldn't say that TOP 09 split from KDU-ČSL - even though their chairman used to be the chairman of KDU-ČSL and he did create TOP 09 after they basically threw him out, the members, programme and electorate are very different.
Whenever I tried speaking French to French people in France, they would answer in English
we have various museums of sex and spiders and torture and feed people "traditional old Czech" chimney cakes that nobody local ever seen
I've never seen a gun ad in my life.
:) have a nice day our little and always better brother
To show his voters he protects American interests and fixes injustice caused by previous lax governments.
You do, actually
Thanks
That, and also I had no idea what "lámání kolem" was in english
that's why I wrote about 8 and not exactly 8
So I guess there is some of it in the rural areas.
Yes, I get that, that's totally reasonable.
If you'd tell this to someone 70 years ago, they would laugh at you
Also for example drunk Polish soldier killed few people in Jičín. People hated other countries for the invasion too, not as much as Russians but certainly there wasn't understanding for them
Yes but Canada wasn't an obnoxious twat with the EU for 40 years
That's why we need more heathy euroskepticism.
It's quite thick sauce because of the flour
Thanks for killing winters yall
Not sandwich with cheese
It’s not allowed
* RU: Спасибо
No, if they aren't citisens, they shouldn't vote, but if they will become citisens (dual citisenship or just regullar citisens) then I don't see problem
As for Germany, my go-to is *Moskau*. I may regret confessing this but I know the lyrics to *Dicke Lippen*. I read the lyrics shortly after I started learning German and was encouraged by understanding them (because they are do fucking stupid)
I can recognise the old austro-hungarian too
Ale zas na druhou stranu Národní obrození mělo svůj důvod
And, yes, you can disregard my understanding of this submission completely, that's just how I understand it
First Orc President of Lothorien ftw
Yes
Together they got around 15% as well
We voted for their creation, gave them weapons, were amongst the first countries to recognise Israel
The crashed(but not totaled) cars are sold to Czechia
- trying to save as much money in different ways
No sane person would allow Red Army to enter his territory
* Expect your allies to throw you under the bus
Hmm, I mean yes, but that union was called Austria-Hungary :P
After the fall, certain communists just turned 180 degrees to hard core capitalists and used their knowledge and connections to redistribute state property to their hands during privatisation.
Ability to follow rules
It is so sweet it is like eating diabetes
And you don't want an angry person sticking steel instruments into your mouth
sounds like a party every Sunday.
Réunion was  uninhabited  when Europeans discovered it
They just see themselves as being in the right all the time
Other than that, no
IMO Sweden should primarely focus on fixing those problems instead of running campaigns focused on saying "nothing is happening here, Sweden is still great".
Lmao I understand, already admitted my mistake and my apologies again
Yes, we have a good location in the centre.
Fresh or spring water
It's a depiction of a generic [non-existent] European city which fits as close as it can to European cities and possibly as far as it can to non-European cities
I like it, it just seems logical to me
We use more and more English expressions in our language these days,  but I can see I tend to use quite a bit of English words that are not actually common and slap czech conjugation on it, baffling non English-speaking people around me
that's a tiny salary, isn't it?
Yes, but they can't carry them, they can't even have them loaded at home
as in pot-smoking)
I don't know nearly enough about this to give you some meaningful insight on all of your questions.
Didn't know about that, thanks for the link, one is smarter every day.
Then we open the presents brought by Ježíšek (Baby Jesus) and spend the next two days digesting all the food, laying about, eating Christmas cookies, watching TV and eating more food
You managed to make that many changes in the course of 7 years?
It is, you just need to think about it a little more.
I know, but I don't understand why France trains soldiers for tropic jungle.
>Politici BYLI demonstranty
This is a case of technology moving forward far quicker than human conceptual thinking
To me the most important western value is freedom of speech/expression whatever you wanna call it.
I found that question funny more than anything else
Very Spanish and much Spanish
It's a pipe dream, but more realistic is limiting him from passing laws as holy_mooo has stated.
Atleast that was the case in my town
Given name, at least one, but not more than two
Although I've been there during the summer, that might've helped the appearance a bit
Hussites used firearms as an imporat part of their doctrine
This is not a map which shows just latitude and longitude and its borders
It shouldn't be used ever
Ha, in my place we didn’t even have snow this year
I'm not sure what's going on past years, but those populist/oligarch/liars are winning one after another
Polish drivers (usualy near Ostrava) are crossing rail even on red lights and causing quite a few problems
Woaw, what do you guys drinK
The sun was shining while it was raining from a giant grey cloud
The Communists, through their incredibly unpopular campaign in 1947 to enact collectivization, completely alienated the farmers in the country
Or you can buy bitcoin
Take your rakija and leave slivovice to us
I also don't enjoy watching hockey (or any sport really)
25 and some at 9
Scotland: Skye, climbing alone on Sgurr nan Gillean while the rest of the tour stood somewhere seaside
For example parents don’t usually talk abt wages to kids, to raise them better and not make them spoiled, but adults do between each other pretty usually, same goes to working teens, to those it’s a normal thing
" And wrote "I will be soon" instead
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?
If it aligns with the West, it'll cease to be that, and Russia wants to prevent that from happening even at the cost of invading
But on other hand, she was German and didn't speak a single Czech word till her 20 or something like that so it might be an influence from there and not really our thing
4 was originally expected in 2030
It means "small bag" but also can mean "ballsack".
[^(Necyklopedie — Czech Uncyclopedia)] ^(Even though it's uncyclopedia, this article is fairly informative, yeah, that's how bad kurvítka actually are
If they are "almost" rich (just wannabes) it's your tipical shit, expensive shoes, 2nd hand Audi And all that
People from Prague make fun of people from Brno because Prague is only city in Czechia with a subway
And now you have bricks flying everywhere
No it isn’t?
> Brno
If you are a speaker of an Indo-European language that still has cases etc
The repercussions of communism still have large impact on the country as can be seen on  personified example of our PM
But I've always wanted to live on an island
I tolerate only those who spread Italian art in the world, like those who particpated also in building Český Krumlov and other renaissance and baroque monuments in our country (see  for exmaple [Baldassare Maggi] and others mentioned at [this site]
I mentioned it as an example of how politically active he still is
Their legacy influnced countries from Bulgaria to Russia.
Czech Republic had 35 years old PM
The only people that have any peace are party members, to join simply pledge to spy on all your friends and look for any "political dissent".  If you used to go to church, you don't anymore
Reaping what they sow
OMG, up until right now I thought my family was weird, that's exactly how I grew up down to the you'd-make-a-mess part
The urban lanscape of Paris
Some dude from the US
And I hope we never will
But could be elected for another 2 terms after 1 term  pause
This is valid for catholic church.
We drink beer like there is no tomorow
I am not arguing it, I am just curious
This soon ended his political career
Our asylum/immigration laws are tough and there is no sign that people from Arab/Muslim countries are in any way interested in immigrating here
Oooh yeah, with plums (the most classic here), strawberries, blueberries
On top of that, he was obssessed with [insane] geometrical patterns and symmetries so all his buildings are filled with them
Teachers learn them but not *how to write them
Sometimes Czech army band is playing in occasion of some anniversary too.
Next you’re going to tell me Germans also bring Schnitzels on holiday
Nowadays I store my shoes, clothing for practical lessons, PE clothing and my heavist book (1000 pages) with a jacket or whatever I don’t want on me
Coutryside
I'd say half bad
I got drunk by drinking beer while wearing socks in sandals
During communist Czechoslovakia, he belonged to the criminal police "ŠtB". His government relies on the support of the Communist Party
and we use [washboards] as a musical instrument too (you take a stick and run it against the corrigations)
Czechia is fine, since it's a Latin word
(Thanos voice) I am atheism
Všecko jedno
Jokes about "horrible British cuisine" - meat pies are one of the greatest things in cooking, change my mind (you can't)
Humanities always tended to be warm colors and sciences cool
I have lots of friends who are scouts
" said the UK, slamming the door to its room so hard the bottle model of the HMS Victory fell over
Czechs have nothing against East Asians, including most right wingers.
Heraldry is very old part of European culture at least for 850 years but it is related to various symbols used even in ancient Egypt or Mesopotamia.
" but it sounds the same as "*Jásám!"* ("I'm cheering") so the parents respond with: "So cheer then
I think the numbers are higher because it's much easier to get abortion in former Eastern Block.
For the other regulars, when you start recognising their faces and they seemingly recognise yours, you may do a nod of acknowledgement when entering the pub, later even directly greet them
Well probably slovakia, but we never get knocked out before slovakia in hockey ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
>instigate a coup
Well I open windows all the time as AC isn't really a thing in older houses and I personally don't know anyone who has one in their home.
> your PM
I think it is impossible to compare US and European parties.
it's like a movie story :-) I would watch it.
We owned half of Europe once and we had some very powerfull rulers (Charles IV
I don't know why americans do this.
What happened
And if you call  Radetzky  Austrian, because Bohemia was part of Austrian Empire, you should call Mozard German, because independent city of Salburg was part of HRE
That basically was his top argument.
Everyone knows white is used in flags because it looks good
If the numeral can be read both ways (either ordinal or cardinal), i.e. behind a name (e.g. _volume 2_, _page 17_, etc
We have an all-volunteer military too and no one really gives a shit about it
Plus we are not really keen on weak forms of vowels
And it seems like some Southern European countries might need this treatment as well.
I believe youtube advertised it to me
Watch out for the bastard, he might sneak in through Calais!
[Older version
It's really from going to pull you out of problems
On monday we should get help from med students in last year of their studies
I've heard, that it went as far as the far side of the Moon.
" odd question, but I answer it truthfully "Yes
Wheel and bicycle = kolo
If you can't beat em, join em
[Front side]
It's basically national holiday everytime we win
Good attempt tho ngl
Edit to add: There are really two Ukraines
I mean
[Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968]
I was thinking it was maybe 3-4 times more than the rest of Europe, but I didn't want to over-shoot it
I store them in the fridge just as anyone I know
It just looks like an American tried to mark EU countries on map
It's only marginally popular, but in my district specifically it is a fairly common sport for children
Syllabic r go [brrrr]
For 40/50 km/h+ you can get a driving ban for up to a year on your first offense
" (which I would love to see some numbers on)
Never heard that Prague was a "party" destination
Accommodation and restaurants are usually the most expensive items in Western countries; if you get rid of them, the trip becomes perfectly affordable and, dare I say it, more enjoyable if you're not the lazy "stay in the hotel" type
Also stuff about army and being armywife would be probably nonexistent
It’s a romantic poem, but it’s also tragic
That would be only bad things I can think of, other than that tipping in restaurants and bars/pubs is optional, usually people just round up (for instance 291 round up to 300) but you don't have to if you feel service was not adequate.
In Czech, fat is *tlustý* and it's also a common surname
Not really a country but Moravia
Just find some oil to sell and youre set
Similarly *Boleslav* \> *Bolek*, *Lubomír* \> *Luboš*, *Rostislav* \> *Rosťa*...
Sleep is for the weak
Still better than catching corona tho
However, I prefer more health than money
Cats's heads in Czech
I have no real profit from using a card for payment.
Only the best, brightest and most integrated fellows would then be allowed to stay!
They did not have to persuade us at all, since joining NATO was one of our main foreign policy goals in the post-89 period.
If you are a speaker of an Indo-European language that still has cases etc
My parents for example found it weird at first and constantly asked me whether my friend's girlfriend isn't jealous that he is meeting me
(E.g. He used to be very much pro-migration some 10
I was amused when Russian protesters swamped the Czech embassy and threw a few molotows (if I remember correctly), and when some Friends of Russia type group protested here
Sometimes there's a sign "Permanently reserved for regulars" or generally you just know
True hipsters go to coffee shops which serve like only three or so kinds of coffee (es, cappuccino, filter), have their own roaster, do cuppings etc.
When you are gypsy, everyone that is not is an enemy.
I am not sure if this word is popular in other countries
What about predetermination
Some only once a year
meme town of "the highest quality of livivng" idk if living on the biggest crossroads in the country qualifies tho
They leave with "a threat" they are going to call a police, unfortunately it was at my favourite basement place with no cell signal so I missed these surprised Pikachu faces after response from police
distant
Knowing that, it is up to the people to vote with their feet.
Often complemented with various junior teams.
None
I have a bottle with his name on it waiting just for the occasion
I strongly disagree
Our people aren't obliged to spend their free time educating themselves on the complicated affairs of international relations.
He himself and his government are one big joke
Anywas, wishing you luck
Just to mention, I don't know the whole lyrics in many cases, but I know most of it
I wonder if there will be any joy with these houses for one Euro you always see in the media in dying villages
I don't like *vepřo knedlo zelo* (our national dish) and I'm not an Atheist
You mean Phoenician origin, then
When I was there, I saw those shaved heads and I thought they were doing a hair transplant procedure.
The news were not right then, as they suggested that the police doesn't plan to announce it in the future at all.
Until the end of World War I, Liechtenstein was closely tied first to the Austrian Empire and later to Austria-Hungary; the ruling princes continued to derive much of their wealth from estates in the Habsburg territories, and spent much of their time at their two palaces in Vienna
My parents, my teachers, and basically everyone above 30 lived under a communist regime, and they described what was intrinsic to communism
Shockingly its still the case in many rural areas of Sjælland not far from Copenhagen
Lichtenstein is #1 enemy for Czechia
On the other hand - there WAS a time when it was possible to secure itself from Russia - in the 90s - and a lot of countries took the opportunity to do it
That was never the case though, not now and not in the 90s.
Vodníks in Čtvrtek's tales didn't drown anyone and help heroes and punish villains
But *that* happened in the past.
* Chrt pln skvrn zhltl hrst zrn
This is the bigest fear of their Kremlin mafia leaders, that the folk might turn against them if it goes very bad.
Slovakia same, a garbage man
With no military and history of pacifism, too
Telecí (veal),
It's not common practice
Communism was pretty shit but like come on haha
They need their lesson
The west is ethnic Ukrainian, Czechoslovak and Rusinian, the East is majority Russian
My take from this is that the situation is bad, at least this 60% will leave.
Not that there aren't cafés, they exist, but pubs and "hospody" (something between a pub and a restaurant) are the place where people socialize in the first place, in Prague and the rest of the country alike.
That kind of "unpopular" opinion is [meme material]
Robota drogova would remind me selling drugs as robota means work in Slovakia
one thing bro
Two small typos not changing any meaning
We've only formally established relations 10 years ago and there are still disputes
Don't worry, the budget may be a little constricted, but our boys will be home by Christmas
I believe I was taught the same in my school days (1980s)
Love how you can always tell where the Czech borders are on these maps
No more shitty memes
I'm not sure as I don't know exactly how the Slovaks feel about them but generally, I'd say they're less glorified here than in Slovakia
They don't want the job, so they won't move.
LOL no it won't, single player is making a comeback as gamers push against this games as service nonsense
It could be either public indecency, or polluting of a public place, depending on the specific
But we have like five different games played with poker cards
191litres/capita/year
We inherited it from our parents and grandparents and we have a duty to hand it on to our children and grandchildren, preferably improved and certainly undamaged"*
Because some people could be *butthurt* that some people don't need to learn the new language.
The same way Deutsche Mark was used in 90s in Balkan?
In Czech is Rhino- "Nosorožec" so same as in Dutch -> Nose horn
Hey, you guys make my [favourite tobacco]
3) People call it a gateway drug
Boyfriend lol, it would have to be a big bed for the 109
Mysterious "diarrhea" every easter monday locking me on the toilet until noon for several years until my parents gave up forcing me to open the door just because boys and men from our village were dickheads
But as people have pointed out in this thread, our salaries are still significantly lower than in the Western Europe (cost of living partly compensates for that but not fully), except for the IT field.
He seems like a good person overall.
", but nothing about the other direction
Recently, budget for 2018, made by the ČSSD-ANO-KDU coallition has been approved
And since September 2018, students pay 25% of the full price
somebody stole my scooter when I was 10
Also good luck convincing Southern Europeans to work in EE for EE salaries.
Prague was the capital of HRE at the time with a plenty of artists, scientists, and occultists at the court
We had the biggers area expanse, all the way to adriatic sea, foreign masters came and taught us various crafts and also started mining of silver
Interestingly, you can distinguish the historic core of Prague (red roofs)
We're much closer ;)
Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!*
They are in hundreds of thousands
Any former president, prime minister etc had their upholders and protestors, and it was usually almost 50/50
One time somebody at night placed an empty bottle into hand of Lenin's statue
It's safe
For example, one guy wanted to say "Be right back
I somewhat guess splitting Serbocroatia would be a nightmare compared to splitting of Czechoslovakia
" (Are you Hungarian
(I don't think one could provide a definitive stance on this in reddit's comments right now
So as long as Slovakia continues to have christian holidays as state holidays, there is no real reason to add any more
Yup
Alright, this rule has some flaws
>It isn't about what's precise it's about what's usual
Well . . . been looking for some czech comments
Tourists are just a herd
Peklo (Hell)
Maybe make them unbuyable with real money
It's 97% up voted
Propaganda on both sides used data ranging from few hundreds of victims (communists) to 270k (sudeten groups).
oh yes cabajka, that interesting hypnotising move of windscreen wipers, insane cold during winter, 30kmh uphill, holes in the rubber joint so you get water splash during rains, parties in night lines, I miss this piece of shit
Without us, you would not have enjoyed relative peace on your continent after WWII.
It was so annoying like twenty people saying thank you again and again lol
Western investments would leave for Poland and Slovakia and our position would be that of beggars asking the EU for mercy and access to its common market -- for which we'd have to pay like the other non-members, instead of getting EU funding for infrastructure and development projects
Trůn and Kam i král/císař musí pěšky (Where even the king/emperor has to go on foot)
That's it
Quite indeed
I don't think it's much of a thing anymore
What aboit pasta with cocoa
Looks like some very nice houses in Malmö.
It connects to a lot of counties of different religion, so you can easily chip away at your neighbors, while they wage their wars - the Avars, Austria, parts of Germany
Eugh
It also completely unnecessarily affects fields which have nothing in common with migration policy whatsoever.
Resources, that ensured exports and certain wealth are slowly running dry.
I doubt the Americans have anything like a clear vision now, so that's a wishful thinking.
:) Although it doesn't seem to work well for some people from southern Slovakia
because we invest a lot of money in these countries, but they don't doing anything back.
I don't think an amendment from 1789 can be called "recent", even if its ratification was completed in 1992
But I might be confusing it with another folk tradition
The property was not given back and in 1993, after the Dissolution of the Czechoslovakia, Liechtenstein refused to recognize Czech Republic as an independent state
The main structure is a stone ringfort, thought to have been built by the Northern Uí Néill, in the sixth or seventh century CE;although there is evidence that the site had been in use before the fort was built.
It's not helping anyone and i feel like this is the first logical step
I was about to write exactly this
One example, the name Dumbledore comes from an archaic word for a bumblebee
Damn, we still have one of those, in Prague in capital city, my classroom is among the last few in the school to have those
No one
It was the most beautiful lunch of my life
So easily, we could have had a situation where Apple had 15-20%, Nokia another ~20% with the rest being Android
Norwegian and Japanese are probably my favourite languages sound-wise
But it doesn't say *whom* the president names, nor how quickly does he, nor how quickly the prime minister has to call for the confidence vote
Stay safe
Amazing atmosphere and so many people, I was proud to be one of them
Well there are local NGOs which helps in Africa and they place these ads
Another "independent" search engine is Mojeek, also in trash phase currently
A tip on how to describe Discord to non gamers - it's basically Slack but not for business
I visited north Hungary last summer and I loved it, so now I want to explore the capital
Savero IT
Wasting resources on foreigners benefits Germany just as well as breaking windows in every German house and then building the infrastructure to replace them.
Great examples (beside the ones mentioned here already) are words rebel or record
Colonialism is 60 years old past.
All this will do is get people to think "Oh, UBI.
[Ubytovna Kupa] maybe
But they became more and more extreme, even proposing stuff like abolishin healthcare and doing something like what America has.
For example large areas were managed by the state, not the municipalities, and the government preferred to try to sell them whole for large-scale projects like a planned cargo airport in Milovice - but most of the buidings were vandalized and damaged by theft meanwhile
Geordie is a bit trickier but I can still manage
In the Czech republic we can own and carry guns after a short license and medical evaluation and our gun crime is practically zero
In Czechia, we have changed our health minister 4 times
- Contact lenses
After the war we were betrayed by the US and the communists took over for 41 years of terror
When in 1618 a group of townspeople in Prague decided to show their displeasure with the newly appointed government by simply throwing the governors out of the windows of the city hall into a pile of dung below
Both my parents have engineering degree, a lifetime of experiences and both struggled with high school level newspaper article analysis
How else would you describe black person
And they originated in Austria.
No need to be a jerk about knowing something others do not
It's just being sold in touristy places and tourists love to make photos with it and upload it on Instagram
Yes
*Mít se jako pánbůh ve Frankrajchu* (have youself like lord the god in Frankreich) - like a pig in the rye, live in luxury
4%, Polish have *increased* by 3
Soon after this became known, once 9 o'clock passed everybody just moved to the nearest station and to continue their evenings.
Nothing is sacred, nobody is spared
True
> Outside of your own
I don't think it's very popular here, feel like only hardcore series fans know it but those who do love it
The decline of Spain, symbolized by the defeat of 1898, remained a very prevalent topic throughout the 20th century and was often mentioned in works of top Spanish thinkers like Ortega.
And another one would be _snědí spoluobčané_ (swarthy fellow citizens).
Thats interesting and it feels good that we are different from other slavs even on the language basis.
Theyre both good, but both so different
It was out of iron and the fence quite resembles curtain
There were times of really hard religious, cultural and language opression, when the Czech population was forcibly re-catholized and germanized, when the Czech language was largely pushed to the periphery of the society, when only the low educated peasents spoke it, but then there were also times when more enlightened rulers were on the throne
What a bizarre fucking post, is this Europe's first attempt at copying Russia's propaganda
We don't share a border with Russia or Ukraine and we don't have a large russian minority like the Baltic countries which means we probably would not be the very first target of Russian agression.
After so many years
OP, it's understandable that you believed [that]
People in Prague earn more money and objectivelly have better quality of life
It is, I would say, the most popular TV channel here
Nobody with real political power cared that they just let pro-russian propagandists poison our debates, our society
Basically, our law is based on the idea that the president won't break the law, or how he personally calls it, "creatively interpret the law".
As for variety of brands, I will use your example with sweet CocaCola-like drinks.
Eh, I think Bibi should have had a polite talk for half an hour and that's all
Habsburkové ho nepočítali, tak se asi tak tituloval
Thanks Babiš!
It's not a praiseworthy ability, it's the potential of the large and powerful rabid beast to cause extensive damage in an unpredictable manner, as its mind is clouded and driven to insanity by its illness and injuries.
The railroad soldiers were the first to arrive at the Sofiyivska Square carrying a large national flag, on which the words "Glory to the Ukrainian heroes
But we have like five different games played with poker cards
I follow the rule, judge the art, not the artist
For me it was simple - in cursive, I wasn't able to write fast enough
Doesn't seem like he's been successful so far.
One commercial tv channel called Nova
Hrdliččin zval ku lásce hlas,
And the next time when that person will have conversation with someone else about Euro, he will present what he have heard and the next person will do the same
Also worth noting that having long hair was somewhat seen as being counter-culture under communism, which might be one of the reasons why it's so accepted
Yes, we have special quota for lower-educated employees from Ukraine.
It's extremely difficult to adopt a healthy baby in Europe.
A girl can't have a boys' name, a boy can't have a girls' name
Confused
Po luke isla jedna hus za druhou.
Well, I also prefer raisins to Hitler, so there's that
:-) It is quite interesting to see that we have pretty much the same culture - they are also celebrating "Maibaum" (májka), "Hexennacht" (čarodějnice), St
People expect that their local products are shitty, so they refuse to buy local products even if they are of a better quality.
and be backup
The fockin yankees killed our fockin empoyer innit
So the sun is "it" and moon is "He"
The absolute peak of comedy: *Czech yourself before you wreck yourself/have you Czeched/do your stores take Czechs/Czech it out*...
Both girls and boys had to take it and each week we would cook a different type of food (fish, desserts, and so on)
I see
And Scotland voted to remain, but it wasn't enough for the UK to remain in the Union, so
Most times, when I speak to Americans, I just have a weird feeling that they're only being polite
You won't believe it, but they grew up in the same town
Other end of the country but I hear it anyway
The only one that comes to my mind is Slovakia's "Nad Tatrou sa blýská"
I fucking hate OREDO and everything their shitty transport agency stands for
However, this prompted many translators of different books to attempt to do the same and failing miserably
Little late, but my parents watched it full, I watched a part of it
Russia keeps being a shithole and Europe prospers from their oil money.
They pay for the living in said hellhole for you
or formal)
Those people decide the elections at the moment.
Brno and sometimes Ostrava, even though Brno is usually called a shithole etc
Intervention (direct and indirect) does have it's place
wat
I'm very proud of Western Poles not falling for PiS propaganda
It's not exactly unusual for a state to pour money into its underdeveloped areas.
I have no clue what they were to escape from, but my city is full of walls and castles used in war
They have a good infrastructure and it would be further stabilisation of the Balkans.
It seems, that gun industry has some good years ahead thanks to them.
- quintillion = trilión
There actually were famine conditions and rationing system lasted for quite some time *after* the war.
I actually like ours
Yeah, because fuck the first amendment and freedom and shit
But I say hello and thank you when buying a ticket, so that compensates for it
Pubs being closed
It may actually make sense to start somewhere with little competition.
CIBULKA
Do you know the website
Also he might wonder where are his German and Jewish neighbors, story how germans killed the jews and czechs expelled them, won't be pleasant to tell
"In December 2015 the Czech Parliament refused to implement European Union guidelines to label Israeli products originating from the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights
School cafeterias often even make it taste like dog food.
[22][23][24]"
Most jobs in the Nordics are union protected, while in here unions are almost a swear word
Don't blame the leaders (even though they are assholes), blame their voters
We went there during advent (a few weeks before Christmas)
And I was in Riga
Wish I could do shit all day like the French
If this was a Muslim ban, they should have included the Kuwaitis, Saudis, Omanis, etc.
The monster was on square 100 km away in Liberec :D
They just blocked off the escape routes and, because the police didnt do anything, they had a very very long time to just walk around and kill everyone
Over here, it would be the same "in construction" picture in every frame.
They're interesting names
A shit-sultan
They achieved what they set out to do, except they immediately gave it all up and accepted status quo
That just means operations in those countries to subvert local democracies are not finished yet
I visited Prague three years ago
both halves of my czecho-slovak personality approve of your comment.
It's not helping anyone and i feel like this is the first logical step
There was D-Day, Stalingrad and Kursk but not much else
I thought rakija is from mix of fruits
You know the sound gears make when you pour sand inbetween them?
There is shortage of labour in Denmark, Germany, Czechia and other EU countries so skilled workers are welcomed.
And as a bonus - my nation wears socks in sandals regularly
But mentality is still mostly eastern.
I have already visited Japan once and would like to again
But yeah, Sudetengermans aren't unheard of in my hometown
I'm talking about random countries like Guinea that would love to get financial help in exchange for housing our illegal settlers.
Middle names are not common
And yes, Vienna was inside the Bohemian Crown for a little while in the 13th century before the Habsburgs
This is an American website with majority of users being English native speakers
this is why we cannot solve stuff, because of small-minded people liek you
it won't find everything but for 90~95% of your searches, it will be good
The two forms are different words
Stay strong and positive because change will come
Nothing harmful, noone complains
And no point in leaving London when visiting the UK?
My dad complains about the coalition daily,  they're on European market and some of their employees are from Ukraine and so on, they don't really care where are you from as long as you work
Nebesník is epic
Ahh yes, Netherlands the place of death, grim and fire
RemindMe
Czechs also think it's their trait
It is used in the same way as in English
"Democracy is fine until it serves what I want" says everyone
>Priamosish
I’d say Andrej Babis, our prime minister
When your trashy neighbors steal the pipes to sell them, you aren’t getting a replacement
Ulice (translated The Street) has about 3150 episodes and new episodes are still coming
And all those tunnels supposedly leading into houses, oof
very few and far between
Czech language has highly phonemic orthography, meaning almost everything is written as it sounds
I've got one
yes, sailing must be a Thing too.
US political system is very far from a political system of any European country.
Nevertheless, the *interpretation* of the boundaries is carried out by independent courts based on the principle of proportionality
But in other things, we're indeed a conservative society (in European standards)
Nepotism, tax evasion, embezzlement, bloated budgets for public works that receive EU grants, bribes, overpriced roads and highways that fall apart constantly, conflict of interest
I definitely need to visit again some time after this craziness is over
- Assyria, Babylon
The pronunciation is just a complete mess, so can be the tenses and sentence structures
rasa psa
When this sub turned into r/politics
Then I learnt that that we're known for being involved in accidents in Crotia as well.
With Ruskies, it is politics, history and criticizing anything about Russia (even things that Ruski himself will criticize in front of you)
That's about it other parties are pretty much irrelevant
I hate it
It's just a video about "I don't like current European politics, here is why".
It's just, there are things that remind you of the war and siege of Sarajevo literally on every street
As an immigrant myself, I can't fucking stand those people who move to a new country and immediately *have to* start throwing dirt at their old one.
Because strategic position and second largest army in NATO?
But the fact politicians had to go into hiding under police protection is absolutely outrageous if the intel is correct
So when do the the undead appear?
(plus many more in tourist locations, plus a few kfcs on highways)
The west could just buy mushrooms
Yes, the idea was that all the places are in one or another way representing something characteristic and monumental related to European identity or civilizational feats
Misspelling of cigarette brand names
We had those too, although probably just in the part where I live (Wallachia)
For example TadyGavin and DreamPrague- both Americans
Country police has much more rights and is the "important" one, they handle more important/bigger crimes, while the town police does a small things for the town (patrols, helping children to cross the street infront of the school etc)
We have a good doctors and medical schools.
Getting rid of corrupt politicians could also work, I guess, I just dont know how to do that
I could live without using cash, but it would be an inconvenience.
Here and there I *feel* like I understand the grammatical construction, but words
Yeah, in Czech hrad = castle, and Hradec is a somewhat generic town name, we have a couple of them (Hradec Králové, Jindřichův Hradec).
There are tons of dogs, but not strays
Cold War is still in the minds of people so it's not hard to see your perspective as well, people lived in this division most of their life so it's understandable.
Most people I know goes that often
The French have reclaimed Louisiana because of the growing popularity of the Spanish language.
I know this isn't the norm and a lot of people call me dumb cause of it but I don't see much of a problem walking short sleeves outside in that
Are you being deliberately difficult
It is ment to refer black people being slaves back in a day but 5 y.o. was nowhere neer knowing that
If you like it
I had some elementary English classes in kindergarden
For us, I guess Smetana's [Vltava]
That's about it other parties are pretty much irrelevant
Slovaci uz adoptovali Brno
In my city I have an annual ticket that I buy online
I misinterpreted that as an environmental claim, my bad
Imagine slipping on the ice while standing there
I'm currently in Rattay, the watch with Slavík mission, I picked up a armor, went to the guy and it said rep lost, and he went along the lines that I'm unprepared
This fast changing world is hard to understand for many middle-aged, low educated, rural and elderly people.
[The coat of arms of the Schwarzenberg family]
...it is about our president, isn't it
Always proud to be a Czech
It was part of the Eastern Bloc, but so was e.g. Slovakia, which has 91 % in the table
Děkujeme
But a simple "klobása" with bread, which is just like Polish "kielbasa", is probably more commonly purchased at festivals, hockey matches etc
Kouba is Cham, not exactly the big city, and nowadays Czech people would name it Cham anyway, but the names look quite different
Myslím že v Rakousku byl I. a v Česku VI
It's fascinating what is ahead of us in archeology and how little we still know about the past.
It usually becomes a mess when there are 3 or more negatives and the context is logic itself on top of that
You should personally see the Chinese built infrasctructure in Africa
It's like a hot dog, but the sausage is stuffed in a [roll]
Milan Rastislav Štefánik
We experienced similar development shortly in 2014 in CZ when we got out of last recession.
True
If we were both in the "Eastern Europe" category, how would we justify looking down on all the Ukrainians, Moldovans, Romanians and Bulgarians we use for underpaid labor
As a sidenote, this is a nice hammer to force YouTube to stop taking down people’s videos thanks to copyright trolls and non working algorithms
> I get up at 6
So I think dutch people also enjoy cannabis just  they don't want to admit it:D.
Poland and Hungary for supporting our case against the EU gun ban at the EU court
If you go in November or Feb or March, it’s a ghost town and it’s awesome
after spending quite a bit of time with Germans (also Bavarians), I think Bavaria should be a separate country.
Why would you borrow more and tax more?
Government is also not really helping the situation due to "cooperation" with many big players here.
It's getting the licence what takes time, not getting the gun.
Most people know Pat & Mat
Hmmm
I'd say [Ktož sú boží bojovníci ] is the most patriotic song I can think of
It's been a holiday for like two years
We also use it in Czech but we spell it skanzen
You said that
* **Prague:** Arrogant, self-important pricks, who think that they are something special because of money they have, they also do not understand real life
> On the same day - January 22, 1919 – in parallel with the battles in Volyn, the Unification Act of the Ukrainian lands was proclaimed in Kyiv
She could be endangered only by similar innocent cunning "friend".
Don't try to be moving goal-posts now, OP clearly stated the period "*KGB units were present during 1946-48*"
If "non-EU" means refugees then all of them are against it, thankfully.
But it will pay back eventually after Poland's academic results improve.
Jail
&#x200B;
If kids are forced to buy skins or food, they will not spend it on skins
We overaly don't like foriegners, and we complain but don't do shit about it
Slovenia: Repeated caving expeditions to the Karst, discovering local landscape and remains if the WW1
* jsi: 2nd person singular "to be". Pro-drop all the way down
Now seriously
They can gamble for free
While our economy is a tiny bit better I must say culturally you are ahead
Climate change is real (imho btw acording to the Milankovitch cycles, which are usually the main excuse of denyers, we should be getting colder nowadays, really doesn't seem like it, maybe global warming is a thing after all
Had my birthday on the weekend, but the shops were closed and I barely had any food at my place
Happy anniversary
mostly immigrants that live in big poverty
I was thinking that you are going there fully clothed (or with swimsuits which is even worse)
Belgium - two languages, basically split in half, the EU lives here and waffles
If Switzerland was "full", then Germany
There was one restaurant like that in Dublin and gosh it looks so magnificent!
I wouldn't survive long in those temperatures, it's crazy
In larger stores (such as Tesco or Kaufland) this wouldn't really be that surprising sight.
*its
The most impacted would be Brno which would move maybe like 100km more north
Yep
Home with parents on the countryside - no, only for the night, we were never used to lock otherwise
Contact lenses and beer that doesn't taste like shit
Yeah, I would legalize it but penalize driving high as a kite
And as you said, he was noble
Other countries' short names are more or less similar to their English/native language equivalent, despite of countries such as:
It has it's flaws, but I don't have to pay anything so I am happy.
* Phillip II of Spain = Filip II
They're due to a public drinking ban that was issued by him as a measure against covid
(...) Do not request of me ornamental expressions
It was basically a play about automatons talking over society
Overally I often choose flying as I can't afford any other option
Just wanted to say that I love your cheese and envy you the easy access to the Alp mountains
I know a gay guy, who when he was young, worked as a prostitute in Prague and he told me that Klaus was a frequent client of the place where he worked.
On Czech television they even show all the memes before the match :D
Very stupidly
It is ment to refer black people being slaves back in a day but 5 y.o. was nowhere neer knowing that
Le Pen even has a "loan" from Russian semi-state bank.
well if you really believe one platform is objectively better than another not considering everyone has his own subjective needs then it is not really surprising people don't want to listen how objective you are :)
Russian furries
I did see it used by pretty ok people who are left leaning but feel alienated by the crazy left extremists, who, as Rubin put it, are kinda like Tea Party of the left.
[Like this
But also about my country, damn, it's ancient goodness that is wonderful both cold and hot, what's not to like?
And chocolate
How would you feel if Italy was a part of "Axis Europe"? I bet that wouldn't be okay with you now, would it
Thanks Obama
Martin goose" and drink young wine called surprisingly "St.
[My colour - red and white]
The only thing I can sort of think is how to serve [dill sauce]
Basically the same situation that occured in the US after Trump was elected.
You get on a road that leads to your desired destination, and you drive
I'll lend you hand if you need an extra for the triple facepalm.
The Dancing House
The Munich conference was the last nail to the coffin
Interesting
That wholesome award
Brexit added speed to that process and included business roles not only technical.
Part of my child's life was in this building.
yeah it means exactly what you write :)
And violence against who
Deux, Rex, Patria
He definitely can get shit done, when other "visionaries" just talk about stuff, he lands his rocket on a fuckin drone ship, gets americans (which usually dont give a single fuck about climate) to buy electric cars en masse and innovates elsewhere (solar roofs, power walls).
I has surprised to discover that the majority of the offices had no windows
Ruling communist party scratched their heads because Soviet Union now wanted them to implement the same reforms they sent tanks to stop 17 year ago
But hey everyone has a different taste
I'm just not respecting it
Pretty briefly but yeah
You can also use czech search engine by Seznam
Hlavně se z toho neposer, normálně to zmínil jako další stereotyp
Hospodarske Noviny have a quality journalism, but controversial owner
My French is much weaker than my English, and while I can tell when someone speaks with a weird accent, I can't say where are they from
I have
I can emphatise with that, the same as I emphatise with the victims of the retaliations and their family members
I know for sure I don't want the Chinese president which we currently have.
Rieti IT
Cheers
Why should Europeans care about the human rights of non-Europeans?
Yep we have a smog situation of various levels in recent days due to the weather.
Quick question, how does a political viewpoint of a dev change a game so much that you cannot like it
What's the last article of your country's constitution?
He was the kind of person who'd always ask questions during tours and play the smartass
Stuff like Cold War or other 20th century conflicts were covered very loosely in the geography classes (only thanks to our great teacher), but that's about it
Yea I share this view with you but in the end if it provides comfort for some people and they are not shoving it anybody's throat I have no issue with that, everyone to it's own.
And another third is Trump/Sanders subs
Most of them are smarter then the average user of Reddit :D
"Sorry, we don't take neither VISA nor MasterCard.
It goes well with Slovakia and it isn't so unnecessarily long
I've never seen it though
Chlupaté knedlíky (lit
I am originaly from Liberec and now i am living in prague and the accent is same
Both of them
I'm sorry to say so, but it looks like it
Racist organization ignoring objective facts and the main issue, which is economic inequality.
Not popular in the Czech Republic.
Obviously, superbugs develop faster in such environments.
Especially regarding mines and tunnels
After the Boii there were also the Germanic Markomani and those seem to have actually moved on further to the west years before the Czechs and Moravians arrived, so the temporal gap between the Boii and our Slavic ancestors is enormous.
In Czech, Belgrade (Bělehlad) means "White Castle"
Maybe in Slovakia
Unlike most national anthems It's not about wars and fights, but It's a song about loving our country
Absolutely
It's not that I'm such a patriot or whatever, it's just that I like the sense of familiarity in the alternate history scenario and have more of an idea what the places that I rule look like
>So in this perspective I'm quite positive about this
No, we say Česko (some people also say Čechy as for the whole republic, but it's just one of the historical countries (Bohemia) and it pisses Moravians and Silesians - pretty rightfully)
You can make a metric, a ratio of active to passive listenings which led to liking a particular song/whatever
I had encountered this with French, which is my third language
He probably never existed, but there's a period of around 150 years in Czech history of which we have no records, so there are famous legends (Staré pověsti české) set in that period, which includes this legend amongst others
It means four-leaf clover
We do lock at night
What about Litle Arsington
The Czech legionnaires fought against the Red Army alongside the remnants of the Russian imperial army
Are you going to tell somewhere if you'll decide to do it
Oh yeah, that's true, this guy is a top class badass.
Are you pro- or anti-gun
Not stupid but a lot of people have problems with this and it's purely grammar:
Felix crusti dies
* Mary of England = Marie Tudorovna
-4 outside, went into office where it was more or less like /u/Graf_lcky wrote.
Come to think of it I don't even know if I could recieve one.
( I count Czechoslovakia as our country being free)
and Cáchy in Czech ['tsa:xi]
Or when you ask "do you have a partner" you don't assume what gender is their partner but in Czech you kinda have to assume to create the sentence cause we don't have a neutral term so that causes that everyone just assumes you're straight
Yeah not really, our dumbass population is nudging towards Czexit whatever thats supposed to do
I present you Hranická propast
We got few years we can blame on Berlin.
You can with minimal to none backslash criticizes your government or politicians
A bycicle was stolen from my friend once, but that's all
until you hear some Cuban *jablar Ejpañol*
Thsi might be a weird question, but I heard few people say how they don't understand that some people eat rabits, deers, ducks And stuff which was a little bit weird for me because in Czechia we eat those normally
Grammar concepts are pretty much the same as in Czech
We have positive migration inflows of circa 20.000 per year according to official statistics.
I'm not a huge fan of potato salad myself, definitely prefer it with regular potatoes.
I got married recently and we got many, many questions when are we gonna have kids
not at all, I have some favourite foreign sportsman and that's all
Basically if you buy stuff like rice, flour, shampoo etc
Rakousko Uhersko
We have both, but just because I don't like the taste of tap water in Prague (we had well water back home, which wasn't chlorinated, or not as much) and the ice is just so convenient
Yeah, yeah, I wasn't really serious
You can mix any two existing swear words together and it sounds awesome
hot 30+
I don't really know about family from Romania except for my grandfathers brother who we found on Facebook
Well I'm mostly talking about the fact that France has the most important European military and it has a lot of geopolitical interests in Africa and elsewhere
Eastern Europe cannot into space
"Deutsche, was haltet ihr von [X]"
It was beautiful
Our teacher used it constantly with the yawning (and it was often, first period and teenagers), so my classmate told her once: Acutally I was, but your shoes would hurt my stomach
Language barier and also we dont have euros, so its another small hinder that you cannot pay anything without card (parking, entrance fees, icecream
And they won't change their opinion, no way
Ok now to be serious, we vote for parties, and the party that won (biggest percent of votes) or the one that forms a coalition, almost always, the leader of winning party becomes the PM
Next time I would recommend to switch the Wikipedia page of the given term into English
I'd make a joke about having a bike being a Dutch citizen's duty but considering what the police is like in my country (yes, i live in eastern europe) this is too wholesome
A large amount of Balkan gypsies abuse your asylum system.
In French there's also cervoise, it's an almost extinct type of beer brewed without hops
Hopefully
It would also be great for us going on summer holidays, so I think there are some strong arguments
Our right wing could be your centrists (based on their views)
It's from the time of Austria-Hungary when there was an eagle on the back side.
I once had to run back home across the street because I forgot my keys and some unfortunate woman happened to be in front of me
And honestly, that's one of the best things they could have done
If you want to build the road, take a loan and pay it back using toll, if you want hospital get insurance, if you want police, just order this service the same way you hire your gas/water piping guy
You need to know the language of the country to work there in healtcare (minus some rare exceptions).
But saying it's *technically* celebrated isn't a falsehood, otherwise we'd all have to go to work
Orbán already said that he would veto it.
Does other people's self-identification often enrage you
It worked during the National Revival
Everywhere else
Slíbil mi návštěvu, a vůbec se tu neukázal
There are simply too many jobs where this isnt easy or even possible to do
It was a boring thing to do, until the middle of the night, when out of nowhere, few soviet tanks with white stripe arrived
It can be fun if you do it occasionally with small amounts
"How horrible, fantastic, incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing"
Nobody cares
Im British originally, when I left ten years ago it just seemed to be young people, over forties and then pensioners
And do whatever you guys want with your country
We're crazy about anything we're good at (mainly Ice hockey)
UnbiasedPashtun above thinks Moravia should be called Eastern Bohemia so most likely not..
^_^ Made my day
I have found this interview from [2012] but I've read some from 2011 as well.
I didn't know that was a thing in Croatia as well.
Which took place after Lithuanians had accepted christianity, no
Be more proud of our country
I know people who still do it here in CZ.
I'm atheist myself (which isn't much surprising here) but I just can't relate to all those posts about finding plotholes in the Bible, sharing quotes of famous atheists, advice about how to avoid religious rituals or which phrases of religious origins not to use, or the general need to bash and debunk religion and "evanglise" other people to be atheist
We wanted to walk him for as long as possible but our latest bus left at 7:32 and it was a close call
With luck, next time they will not make to the parliament
so praise the Omnissiah
There is pretty much zero consistency, which is pretty typical of our language in general
Yes, Czech people stare
It would be a lot better if they just made a law forcing all businesses accept debit cards.
Other things (creationism in some schools, obssesion with fire arms...
We were already crazy, it was bound to happen.
When you speak like that, people think that you're some peasant
He was an SS-Obergruppenführer and General of the Police as well as chief of the Reich Main Security Office (including the Gestapo, Kripo, and SD)
It has animations, an alpha channel, lossy and lossless compression and competes well with other formats.
That's great to hear
From my experience, I am completely able to talk to someone who speaks slovak, unless they start to talk fast, because then I have a little issue to understand everything , but It's still okay
If hey both pull knives, chances are they both bleed to death before any help comes, unless one of them is much more skilled
Sure but that is not the fault of the ECB, is it?
Hey brother Slovakia, we are still normal, right
Its kinda cringy
I'd be surprised if more than a thousand people in the whole country deny it
I remember pretty clearly reading about several cases where the nationality of the victim played a role and it was also reported by BBC, not just by the Guardian or the Independent.
I enjoy these privileges myself :)
Well there were slaves and "prosperous" slave trade, for example during the era of Přemyslovci
Beleive me, I know :) Doesn't mean we're just beer country though
We're stuck with a stupid little baby instead.
Just be aware that people may think that you are Czech if you do :)
Best timing ever too, with brexit going on
Their quality decreased drastically after that
It literally means: "I fuck drugs into the toilet"
I have to admit that I did my Erasmus in Lithuania
I see your chicken ad, and raise you [milk ad from socialist czechoslovakia!]
We are headed there with my family next week
If not, I have something to say about the "hen" pronoun
So nice you dont need to calculate how big extortion you have to pay
Don’t get me wrong, nothing was falling off and there weren’t any foul smells to report, but it was VERY dated
I can respect this
) for the first time
They are really clumsy, they usually fail at first, so they try more and more bizarre approaches
I don't drink beer
It was suggested by his brother Josef
And from what I hear, it's actually not that easy to escape the neo-Nazi community, once you become one
CURVA means in Spanish an italian curve or corner
I feel that
But what he says means for Muslims that they have to accept enlightenment princples as superior to Islam
Do you like names of cities or town in your country
Nowadays, there are many different uses for these parts of landscape including nature preserves amd game enclosures, solar power plants, housing, light industry zones or sporting (e.g. ultralights and similar) airports
Hussites are super badass from military perspective, but from religious side they have been extremely radical in 15th century
Well one of them is moving
Jam or often phonetically *džem* is considered to be just a foreign name for *marmeláda* and most of people don't distinguish it.
Yes, there are parts of the world where women can't vote, where evolution is heresy, where marrying 7 years old girls is common and where female mutilation is still prevalent.
That’s dumb
Simple, because it won't improve people's lives - on the contrary.
No, but the proposal got a lot of attention.
" And wrote "I will be soon" instead
But you know what
oh wait
Yeah we don't need to have passports at all.
If we're talking about our words for cat, don't forget to mention "mačka". It means a cat in Slovak, but in Czech, it means a crampon
Some dude from the US
But since LEGO is internation product i think it sells at relatively same prices everywhere
I'm not disabled but I've got a pram and sometimes it's such a hassle
At 1989 we had 1/3 of wage of germany
We could still opt for České Budějovice and enjoy the show
That's the spirit, you'll fit right in here!
I now have close friends I can visit pretty much all over Europe.
The question is how accessible the birth control is in North Korea?
It is still readable though
Unpopular opinion here, but I actually think that it looks kinda cool
Mohuč = Mainz
But terrorists
6:1 is actually better than what they generally show in stats
Ale nikdo mu nikdy Karel IV
Majority of the people did not vote for him
Even at school, we had to take off shoes and wear slippers
You know not everyone loves travelling as much as you do, right
bad East is anything but an "Eastern" invention, and the Western European insistence that it be used, a generation after the end of the Cold War, does indeed raise some eyebrows over here
In Czech republic, they usually sell fake weed (illegal even when fake but cops can't be bothered when everyone is doing it) or matryoshka dolls
I bough one in college and when I later went home and mentioned it my mom fished out one we had at home even though no one there is a coffe drinker
If I'm wrong, please tell me about your health care, free university education and paid maternity leave.
True, this is more like village-city than culture thing
Yes
"Our immigration policy consists of making sure that Macedonia stays a shitty place to live in so that nobody would want to move here."
(plus some rumors says romans created wineyards at south Moravia but this was debunked both by historians and wine experts)
* Karel Jaromír Erben
Munich real estate prices tho
I'm currently in France on business trip as I've been doing for good part of last year and you definitely can see soldiers on the streets, mostly at popular places.
It sounds cute
It is different if the scale is different, yes.
Blame whoever came up with Benelux
"How horrible, fantastic, incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing"
Have you literally ever not seen a communist era car
All other countries are separated into regions.
Yeah, if they speak slow enough
[This is one would be quite representative I'd say...]
I've avoided Silesia on purpose, as Silesian identity is kinda complicated, considering population transfers and language evolution since the middle ages
Thank you Germans, you're a welcoming and nice bunch.
Well, you have to jump through hoops to get any non-standard names approved at *matriční úřad*, and "incorrect spelling" is specifically listed as something they're not okay with
Why have I never thought about this before
Especially in CZ after we were given away to Nazis at Munich '38 just because the French and British didn't want a war
They made it look all official, with a local cop supervising the exam and all
Slovakia - Koliba (Studio Koliba) near the dominant hill Koliba with a TV transmitter in Bratislava
you mean a jump cock ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I'm not saying it happens often, but I think it's relatively plausible that it could happen several times.
In the Czech Republic, it's called *Tuplák*. Which means literally "double". Although it is not really common
She speaks perfectly normally
Prague for example has dozens
“Well the world after first world war kinda went downhill
Ok that's enough for stereotypes
And yes, Vienna was inside the Bohemian Crown for a little while in the 13th century before the Habsburgs
Who is this clown
But the reigns for Charles IV and Přemysl Otakar II
You don't?
With sleeping it is very individual and depends on how much of your free time are you willing to spend sleeping and when do you need to get up
It's the launching of 11 identical offensives and fail every time that sounds like a mistake
Take this tankie bullshit and shove it where the sun doesn't shine
i = "and also" or "and X as well"
Karel VI
Only Soviet army stayed
Israel is the only one real ally of West in the Midle East and the dangerous radical Islam is by far not limited to ISIS and not issue of last years caused by US interventions.
I see, thanks for the explanation
Yep, [bábovka] Very popular here.
He covers up for his band of criminals in presidents office
indeed we do, and it's whopping **406€**.
Let's hope they'll be able to put their ego aside as well as old grudges between KDU and Kalousek
Current Czech culture is a mix central European Slavic, German and a bit of Jewish legacy I'd say, we even have almost zero Celtic loanwords unlike some other European languages.
Yes
I don't understand, how can somebody advocate for communism these days, when there are several proofs it is not possible to make communism work
You haven’t got a good one then
In nature I agree with you
flaška-Flasche (bottle)
If I am not mistaken Central European countries like Germany have significantly more cases of esophageral, stomach and bowel cancer that say Greece or Italy
If you exclude the period of Czechoslovakia, then you will notice that both countries had a very different history
8% during boom years 2005-2008.
My father in law does like 6 beers a day, I do aswell when there
From Russia with hate
I always thought it was dumb enough how much we had to spend on very specific art class supplies in elementary that ended up being used like twice a year
We cannot assume some moral high ground here, especially after voting another awful regime to power
Fucking refugees, coming here, living with OUR horses, bringing their CAMEL CULTURE into OUR LAND
We are unfortunately part of something which is called post-Soviet bloc (or post-communist country)
I can't comprehend how commies still are able to get about 10+% of vote in most elections.
I have Russian wife
I don't expect to get much here, as I'm more than certain that the people with positive or semi positive opinions about communism will keep to themselves at risk of being torn apart by the anti-communists of their country who have personal anecdotes about how their uncle/sister/grandpa was held hostage for x amount of years because they talked favourably about their pre-communist country.
Low wages and sup chain of Germany thanks to geography.
Looks like [some Romance languages and Basque] as well
Just like Jesus intended
For example Suomenlinna castle is beautiful but you can find dozens of similar castles in Czechia
* Osaka
Other meat however, can be delicious even when mediocry cooked
Our way is "na random"
[Please have a look at our list of rules.]
Plus some obligatory stuff like pyramids
If the EU started a Russian language propaganda channel Putin would shut it off in a few weeks.
It's always a blast going there
It's right in the middle so no one can complain it's too remote
Not surprised in the least, given the terrible smell of smokers and smoking areas.
Such a great detail
About 2/3 of the kids come from the church, the rest are usually their parent’s friend’s kids
or in layers, first garlic is rubbed, then tomato, then couple drops of oil?
As a resident of a beer haven, I applaud thee effort.
I'm not aware why others don't like it as much
Which doesn't make sense at all
Cereal with milk are also awesome
You're part of many jokes in our country - the Czech word "malta" means "cement grout" in English
Someone correct me if you have more fitting translation
I only learned about it yesterday and it kind of blew my mind
If it's been indeed made available now, it makes this double funny
The ancient Slavic religion had a Sun god depicted as masculine (Dazhbog)
Castro also succeeded in his coup, but no-one is under illusions of how he got there and what his relationship to the USSR was afterwards
I present to you [Milos Zeman] the president of the Czech republic!
or /r/JuropijanSpeling/
It's going to be interesting to watch the change.
Nukes are especially useless against Russian-style hybrid warfare.
Also, I would like to point out that in the videos, that I've seen him talk about abolishing the Fed, he only talks about the era up to Volcker and not after, which coincidentally is the period, which probably is still today, of a useful and successful Fed.
Portuguese and German are also somewhat connected
Anyway, most of the unknown words are not words people use in daily casual conversations - often times it's more technical stuff, names of plants etc
Does it include wild animals
I present 3 songs ordered by mainstreamness:
But they don't want to admit that and so they keep on losing.
The directive completely ignored that some countries actually allow carrying for self-defence, or maybe it didnt ignore it
You wouldn't...uhm ... [find it anywhere else, especially in central Europe]
Probably the dark forces
Those are daily life haters, give them something to hate and they will do their thing.
Probably the most down to Earth and cool one
Bad luck for these who are just rolling one...
Can you build one by ours
So for them, the lower the turnout the better.
Not sure if kids do these days
Also as you said too soundtrack was [brilliant]
People are usually asking for our BEER, CARS and MONUMENTS (mainly in Prague) or why are we so atheists
Eggs yes, some can be sold unrefrigerated, but I don't know anyone who'd put them on the counter at home
It’s simple and easily recognisable
That's my experience of ten years consuming english speaking media, take it for what you will.
Sometimes it goes all the way and they're even using Czech spelling (like Schwarz > Švarc), sometimes they keep the original German spelling but they change the pronounciation slightly to make it easier for people (including the owner of the name him/herself) to say (like Müller becomes basically Miller, because we can't wrap our tongues around the ü).
o LEGO vna
Czech, Slovakian, English, French, Spanish, Russian, German
Our prices are about 30% more
1 - a highly skilled software engineer will have easy time getting a job pretty much anywhere in EU.
- Celtic and Germanic people (living in the areas of our country)
I think it was originally taken in CzR because I saw it like more than a year ago on the Czech internet
Those still being published by Talpress, not the new translations
You kind of forgot about like a dozen of Czech kings that were also Roman emperors
No information or anything telling us about this whatsoever
Hi, my name is John
The groom needs to find her quickly because he must pay for alcohol that get drink until the bride is found
Don't let Western leftist brainwash you into accepting their immigration dogmas.
:) Im not a huge fan of Ubisoft tbh
I feel like we could have a better anthem
It's same in czech (obviously) - sýr, which means cheese in english
West sold us to USSR and thrown us into 40 years under Soviet communist dictatorship
to their uploads, in particular where they could benefit from an exception or limitation to
The familiar form of Karel is Kája, the familiar form of Josef is Pepa
Very nice praise the machine spirit bro
And your point is
What is this ? Does they update the list daily and showing it in national TV ? That is weird AF
Good idea
If want(you), reply(you) with a sentence, which would have(i) write next
Prague (1
More like not enough Romanians to actually tak r jerbs
To me, this feels so rude
/ Mrs
On our high school, our class adored this sentence:
Usually big companies produce stuff in multiple factories so they create local variants with slightly different recipes (Coca-Cola US uses corn syrup, Coca-Cola Mex uses sugar) based on local prices of ingredients
I think you droped these ","
In Czech it is "Mňau". Can we into Nordics ?
Škoda Auto Museum in Mladá Boleslav
Either you accept that your country and ancestors did disgusting inhumane things in the past and make sure that it will never happen again (like Germany), or keep denying it, because in your heart you feel it's justified (like literally every 2nd Turk here in comments)
We invented meth
EDIT: I'm talking about speaking, when writing you basically have to use the standard language
but I guess the other meaning makes better sense
Think I read an article on these recycling power plants once
A few years later someone mentioned "kids table" when talking about their Thanksgiving family gathering, so I remembered Florence's song, googled "kids and adults tables" and found out that families actually do have kids dining at a different table or even in a different room
I would like to add, that President is elected for 5 years and can only be elected twice in a row
Is this true
Not that they changed the legal age or anything, it's been 18 as long as I can remember, but the first time I got drunk was when I was 14
I would not say far right, just a fucking moron
And even if it doesn't, it's not really a big deal
And stop fuckin around in Czechia
So your entire view of the US is based on a 2 day old election
Don't know if you follow the recent events about "registr smluv".
After WWI, a bunch of central European countries got independence
You mean people put pasta in the cold water
We've made a mistake by booking a hotel in the Amsterdam city centre
It's an example of [Euro English]
Not a full rent though, it would be weird
I would like to get "conservatives" elected in Czechia, can't be worse than the socialists or autocrats.
Even if I'm not sure if Cyril and Metodej are *that* Chrstian of a holiday
Bohuslav/Bohumil - Bohouš
Of course you wouldn't want to explore it again, you're Polish!
In Easter Sunday, children went to all houses in village, and they received treats and little cash for their ‘service’ in previous days
Czech that doesn't like beer
We have a says here: In a knife fight, the lose dies on the pavement, the winner dies in the ambulance
I don't really have a problem with the text but musically it's very boring and too slow
>worn out
I actually have a proposal
But when you label the graph like this, it's heavily implying that the reason people are voting ANO is Babiš's stance on the EU, and that is not the case.
To be precise, it is inconsistent
I never understood why this is so controversial in Slovakia
Get out of here with communist apologetism
Love that place
It's so hypocritical when alcohol and tobacco are legal and very much socially acceptable, and still so many people (including politicians) act like it's something horrible
I like to think of him as an author of which can be proud both Austria and Bohemia.
There was plan to exempt them from confiscataions and it went almost in force, but communists were taking control already and they overturned the proposal.
Therefore they have a tendency to assume world police role with America
I'm exceptionally patient and tolerant, not a dick, and I like people
It was mostly seen as a just retribution for all the Nazi atrocities and German separatism that was tied to Nazism until the 1990s and is still a popular rallying issue for nationalist and communist parties today
places where the cops wouldn't go?
Another argument is that it sounds a lot like Chechnya, which people could confuse (but some managed to do it anyway after the bombings in Boston).
Definitely not traditional food as it’s presented
dude wtf` otherwise the reddit Markdown will renumber it
They were thinking of dumdum bullets
Depends, if only the empire was reunited, it would not directly affect us, since we weren't a part of it
This went down with each decade as they were asimilated in to the majority.
And we can totally spend an evening together drinking and understanding each other, even if the topic of "what's that word" or "why would you write an i there, it should be a y, it seems wrong" will come up pretty often
According to this I look like Latvian jew
Concealed, of course, open carry is a tactical disadvantage and it might worry tourists and some people too much
Czechia: Oh my god, I really hoped for some beaches
And Lolek is apparently short for Karol
The top 5 you typed is maybe during the WWII, but the medieval history is mostly about Austria and Germany
You know what is the best political joke
That's some WaterWorld shit right there
That's pretty interesting
And I don't even mind men who are slightly shorter or the same height as me, but I never get approached by them (unless it's some weird drunk who tries hitting on every single girl in a bar).
They loved to declare wars, but they were great at losing them.
The way the floral rural patterns are used is often associated with Slavic dresses.
In my household my dad would always buy crate of Pilsner Urquell because it’s considered premium beer and he never bought it to drink at home, if he drank it it was from tap in a pub or restaurant
Because the protests are pro-democracy, which is a Western institution antithetical to the Russian regime, and the main opposition candidate has said that she intends to move away from the Union State treaty between Belarus and Russia
What's the point of having France if nobody in it will be French?
The EU gun ban and the forced migrant quotas mainly
You are right, I misread the title
Equivalent of re-marrying amicable ex
Over my dead body
They had to take plane
I wouldn’t trust the Chinese one tho
Astronomy articles for example tend to be surprisingly good
This is one of the things I like about the way Germans think about politics
Hey guys, it's like sedmdesát and osmdesát, don't overcomplicate
Or at least a memorial
Bother to support that part about legitimization of their actions with some sources
&#x200B;
We don't speak african here
But if it comes to choosing just one person
In case of Turkey it's perhaps something like 13% of the population
American beer is sh*t
Thank you
It’s beautiful
I’m sorry for the horrible shoes some of us wear
Yeah, yeah and it only took a few centuries to implement it.
eA baD
We do have mandatory vaccination
More specifically historic centre one bridge and castle
Oh, well
10\^15 = biliarda
They always seem to come back, no matter the type of government
teacher". You would not address most people with their first name, unless you're quite familiar
Except Italy, Finland, ... doesnt sound retarded
At least there's not much talking
Many popes brought their elections does this null their decision since they weren't voted in best intent of Christianity
That is completely different than a witch hunt.
It gives the impression that we are like North Korea which is named Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Most migrants in Czechia are EU nationals (Slovaks, Poles, Romanians etc
I still don’t why I enjoyed it so much given the fact I was totally lost for 80% of the show
Here they have to do it when they are 65, then 68 and then every two years
I've hopes for the future due to generational change.
I also reported the thread, so it will show up in the moderation queue :)
At least personal ownership isn't.
Typically reporters in public television or radio speak Standard Czech (those in private ones not so much), teachers are sorta supposed to speak it and correct children to use it, and if you want to be polite, you'll use it when contacting authorities, being at a job interview or other formal situations, for example when I consult something with a teacher at university I speak normally in my rather thick Prague accent but when I am examined by the very same teacher I try to speak in Standard Czech though I'm not always successful
Mainly because largest email provider is seznam
I thought, that the forced relocation of German speaking Czechs after WWII or Hilsneriáda were the worst, but this is equally bad or worst
I need at least 40 to be happy
If person is not responsible with their money, they dont deserve the money
Europe now relies on two American mobile operating systems and mostly Chinese-made hardware, when it could have had both natively
the protestors are fast, but the tank is faster
Thus I am not going to visit any cashless Nordic countries :)
Děkujeme
Yes
Some people are irritable whenever Sudeten Germans are brought up, or when they comment on our internal politics or have contact with our politicians, as it is, quote, "not their business anymore". But no, there isn't any public sentiment against Germans anymore outside of that
It's more like people here are just in general quite politically passive.
Isn't that just germanized Czech
more like "huuuh"
WTF, do they still use commie addressing in the army
Because, you know
We have "Středa, je ho tam třeba" (Its wednesday, he is needed over there)- meaning that "your GF needs a dick"
That's horrible
It's always better to have a confirmation than to let wild speculations run rampant.
I've heard it only in movies from the 80s.
Even names like Lenka Láskorádová work really well
Dnešní ryba je Pstruh á la Creme
shut the up prazak
Some people do, some people don't. My nation is good at having fun out of it
What happened thats to be celebreated
Well statisticly we have the biggest alcohol problem
It reminds me some banana republic (even though we are definitely one haha)
The hardest part is spelling and even then
However I would not say any other V4 country is strictly against that.
Around 2:00
When you discover after some time this nonrewarding grind, you either stop playing or take out credit card and realize it few hunred bucks later
You are right, I misread the title
English is kind of taken for granted these days, but not at a very good level (above B1 or so) until you prove it
There are many special cases (e.g. Petrů) but they are relatively rare
It is, but only for the enthusiasts
But my kids will probably not build many snowmen
the bottle said it was from cabbage water?
You tend to forget
Some get stolen and transported to Poland through Czechia
in our tourist traps, you pay, but for fake shit that is nothing like the local culture
Tried watching and reading Polish news and I could understand the general meaning (understanding was higher when written)
If a foreigner gains Czech citizenship, s/he can keep the current name(s) but the limit of 2 still applies
Ah, I remember that
The extremes both on far left and far right also hate Merkel due to the migrant crisis
There are many good people working on the Czech wikipedia
There is an entrance in most of my towns basements including mine
You have one, instead of normal speech you are "singing".
Well, people gotta live somewhere
Yes, that checks out
those double letters...even after years of being fluent in english, I still have to check how to spell words like 'business' or 'accommodation' :D
In 1742 when the perfidious Prussians seized our rightful clay Silesia.
Can we join as well
My country is very atheistic, but we still have Easter and "celebrate" them.
But sea borders are not so easily defensible as land borders.
It's still [functional]
Add "jokingly advocates for killing of his political opposition" to the list (or whatever it was with a machine gun and Sobotka.)
But killing them
Ok, I wanted to add a category for musicians but decided not to
> but I've noticed that I swear more online when writing in English compared to Swedish
We've got to arm Europe with an efficient yet effective force.
There is no "real" map that would be approved by every country
Our fruit dumplings could be also filled with blueberries, strawberries, or plums (my grandma made plum dumplings using potato dough)
And one interesting fact:
Those who voted leave are not likely to sign up to keeping their EU citizenship (they did vote leave after all)
I mean, to be fair, this is what French people tell me all the time, too, and I'm not even an actor
Can they just fuck off
In the eighties:
This makes me angry
It's strange to me why so many people consider learning 'just' a trade to be a bad thing
Totally fits
Well, mission accomplished then, I could offend a Swede (though it would be much easier in person)
So 6 in total
I don't think using "cost of living" is a good measure of how expensive it is to visit as a tourist.
Czech - Michal Tučný; Tam u nebeských bran
This might explain why even after studying German for several years I didn't understand a single word when I was in Tyrol.
Damn those Swedish words sounds similar to exact English translations
Who said it was
Without looking it up, I vaguely remember reading somewhere that they were probably laid down in the early 19th century
Finnish
I think it's because we as a nation don't really like changes that much
Things like empty stores where you bought nothing except hard salami because there just wasn't anything else
You can't survive with 400 per month in Prague.
They have to decide, which goes first and then the kid has only the first surname
Záviš is also a big guilty pleasure since his lyrics are so obscene, but the classical instruments he uses to convey them are really nice
Danny DeVito had few Czech lines in some movie and he learnt it very well that you cannot tell it's not his language
Wow this is good I didn't expect good result or high.
Many Czech redditors are kinder-libertarians
Yes, if it is mean-spirited or just plainly some ignorant incorrect criticism, I have the tendency to get defensive basically about any CEE country
But this is going to be much worse, the temperature will drop to minus 40C°! (Don't know how she got that number, It would be a record)
They will buy what they can to get know-how and then leave us here to rot
The camp in Calais alone was a huge deal.
Another weekend plan ruined
For me, if you added a few black stripes, it would look like a pride flag of some kink.
To je klenot no nebo Praha žije byla jedno dobu celkem hitovka jeste:D
Germany- oh fuck
But great map anyway
Czech Republic rules
Any neighbor that sees me cheerfully ask me "Heeey how you dooiin'" and then go back to doing their own business without even expecting answer
We, Czechs, love making fun of what you did to your word for car
Politicians have no integrity and they deemed that recognizing kosovo would go a long way with EU and NATO
Unfortunately, people understood the EU vote as a punishment of its own elite, but they gave them even more power now.
as you come to this world, you go from) and therefore you hope there is something and it's worth to go through the death.
The Czech English teachers we had usually aimed at British (and also taught the British spelling) but still had a very Czech accent.
I'd really appreciate a good read in form of some statistics, for example, are there official numbers of wanting to leave UK and wanting to stay over the years?
First they proposed an impossible to achieve plan based on beautiful values.
Look at the USA, they are bad in languages and geography
Each country trying to outdrink the other 3
Would like to live there
So Maryland is to Estonia what Georgia is to Georgia!
The joke is funny and sad at the same time because this really is applicable to a lot of people.
Two small typos not changing any meaning
I follow the rule, judge the art, not the artist
The only time salaries are talked about, is ususaly before elections.
Sorry to spoil the idea, but...
But anything to do with history for example is just complete garbage
Because I'm pretty sure I see padrones
There's some serious meme potential with these faces
I think you're confusing terms, they are not talking about communist buildings as a whole
It's really beautiful
We have truly became a thorn in Russia's heel
A spoon full with every cup of tea
Here, Harry Potter translations are mostly praised for being very throughout and creative and yet undisruptive, memorable, and overally good
I seen this horrible thing there.
Prague citizens barely recognize Brno's existence
In case of Turkey it's perhaps something like 13% of the population
The rest are fine and should let you withdraw without a fee
Regardless, when it came down to the coup itself Soviet deputy foreign minister Valerian Zorin *did* offer the support of the Red army, which was stationed on the Borders of the country
> **he said so himself**
Just make sure you don't choose the DCC option, always get charged in Czech Crowns
[This] is the beginning of Velvet revolution on 17th October 1989 - peaceful protest soon to be violently ended by communist regime's forces
If you mean "theoretically, if you are going to meet this animal in a ring", then probably wolves are
Having it is fine I guess, but displaying one in public is odd, unless there's some kind of a major sports championship going on
Same goes for Germany - I literally don't know a single talented guy there without a job, even fresh graduates.
Never seen them
There are bike lanes and shared bike-pedestrian paths virtually everywhere, from the centre to the very suburban outskirts
Yes
Best timing ever too, with brexit going on
Could you tell me something about Krakow
Maybe if they were cremated
And this is about USA, not Europe, but also from TV
The voice acting makes the whole thing completely bizzare.
It also stops every minute or two, in rare cases in three
My grandma always said it like *vrrrrba, vrrrrba* (which means "willow") so I do it this way too but she was a Slovak so I don't know if it's the Czech way or the Slovak way or whether she made it up
Since we had only like 3 in our history if I know right
Prague is apparently a mountainhome
What about governors and state legislatures, does it vary from state to state or are the rules same?
Franchesco Serruti
Nastola IT
EU should ensure free trade and economic cooperation, not become one superstate.
Don't forget Prague, but check that Orloj clock is working because that's definitely a "must see" there
While we're at it, let's get rid of the president and get a cool king
I've heard this term before, but what does that even mean?
Maybe the EU project should stop trying to control everything
27 years ago started "velevet revolution" in Prague, Czecholslovakia by this student protest
Čus
Always play as the king of Georgia in ck2
You also have great spas
So, it was invented by conservatives to prevent masturbation and falsely claimed to cure some diseases :)).
In Czech--Drug
As per your point, making it a Slavic Vs Germanic thing is more of a cultural split than a geographical one
All police handguns are semi-automatic, just saying
And her eyebrows are probably drawn in.
Huh
A sad picture
Also the disproportinally large US defense budget is not as high just because of NATO.
There was/is also Czechoslovak Hussite Church (let's say local version of protestants) which were also widely accepted by commies because hussites itself were sort of commies mostprobably
An escape tunnel going down to the town river was uncovered a few years back going from the Old Castle
Would some Spaniard or Greeks work for 1k€ in factory when you can go to Germany or UK?
Holy crap, this just kept on giving
why are you booing me I'm right
Carrying guns and other means of self-defence is ok in the Czech Republic (no laws to regulate weapons except firearms)
You're absolutely wrong, nobody carries a weapon on themselves here and only few have a gun and gun license
That's the story I always hear when I look it up
I was flying from Spain to Germany yesterday, and there was an older man (60+) in the line of the security checkpoint in front of me.
Yeah Daniel Vavra has the tendency to stick his nose into everything
Or stupid people who refuse leave Midsomer despite it is full of murderers
P. S. With your English, I think a lot of employers would want another Belarusian
I realize that the German and Hungarian minorities living Czechoslovakia were less excited about it, but they had more rights and freedoms ensured than what Czechs and Slovaks had in A-H for most of its history
Needless to say I have never participated in anything that had anything to do with it, except for when I was once tricked to go for trip which turned out to be a bird watching camp
I didn't think a lot of Estonia, Lithuania or Bosnia, before I visited them, but I was always surprised by the interesting things that they have and that I had no idea about
Avoiding the hungarians mostly.
Koprovka is good, but I never ate it at school, only from fresh ingredients, made by my mom
Rarest of the spiciest spices
Just more complicated due to all the wars, envy and disparity
For example when I'm introducing the country to somebody, I firstly say I'm from the Czech Republic and as I further talk about the country in conversation, I use the shorted version - Czechia
I am from Prague
It's fucked up they call themself pro-EU and vote for shit like this
Also "Budiž", although it's pretty uncommon
For people enjoying gameplay its nothing neckbreaking
The pronunciation, the words, the way they construct phrases -- all this is so weird to my ear
LMFAO Czechia
Sure, but first I like to have 8 hour workday, Monday to Friday
Let them stay irrelevant by dealing with the refugees without them, rather than pretending the problem doesn't exist.
Maybe it's not so hard to offend a Swede after all
Hm, we'd get richer if we joined Austria probably on the other hand joining Slovakia would be much easier, practically no language barrier, same culture etc.
Exception should only be monuments dedicated to actual soldiers who died to defeat the German army
Well, yes
If the RWD car is not badly designed it should have at least 50% of weight on rear axles + cars are loaded with lot of electronics these days.
Everything is rubber
* pocketer (kapesník) - handkerchef / tissue
Russian citizen == Soviet communist
[Well there is a park (albeit a poor one) about 200 meters from this spot
Bunch of whiny populists, opportunists and nationalists trying to tear apart a neutral centralised hierarchy, so they could all be their own little kings.
So sad
Exactly it's up to kid's imagination
Would Catalonia agree to allow some of their sub-regions to stay in Spain after the referendum?
Then this seems to be more of a problem of Romanian public healthcare rather than "free" healthcare in general being bad
I'm not a local either, just really enjoyed the city when I was there around July iirc
And finally, Austria
Greece wasn't always like it's been in the past 10 years.
I guess that if you don't care about traveling or the funny looks that they'd probably give you at the student department, it could be a fun way to game the system
2 - we invented sugar cubes
Sure, but they could still refuse to participate, like Ceausescu
Jist curious
If even 1% Chinese gets infected I don't want to see the chaos
same as everywhere, do not eat at restaurants with photo menus, someone trying to show you the menu or "please wait to be seated" or similar signs
If they fail, reduce their money and repeat
This is an American website with majority of users being English native speakers
Prague and North Bohemia, in Prague, it "snowed" for two days but it didn't even get to touch the ground
Things might get heated or rather awkward if the topic gets on the Sudeten Germans though, yeah
It may be not adopted here yet, I don't know.
Especially placement of interpunction and weird rules for capital letters were my favorite
You are the only country that as state makes profit
Europop/dancepop, similar to Abba style but from czech artists
How is the difference so fucking huge
Don't really know what's going on in Scandinavia or the Balkans
And saying the options like "do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend" every time to be inclusive, that's something not many people do or maybe are not willing to do
also there is plot, it means fence
Like irked and miffed both convey annoyance but in ever so slightly different ways
It's not like we don't cook spicy food from other cuisines (not a lot though).
a) yes, of course, that is the whole point.
Sandwich and crisps is not an unusual lunch
These ecological countermeasures could have catastrophic impact on economy and our European standard of living
Here, almost all restaurants stayed open and switched to offering delivery, maybe there would have been a lot more chaos in the last 2 months if that had been forbidden
I like Prague too even though I'm from Brno but the hatred towards the capital is definitely true for most parts of the country
And there’s no way in hell she got only 7 %. Wtf
I briefly follow Slovak's politics (neighbourhoodly feel + my boyfriend is Slovak) and I try to keep some general overview of politics in Hungary, Poland and Germany
I remember when I was a kid and no one could explain to me why they're coming on 5th when St
Because I carry my card in my wallet, which is in my bag.
> Knight ther was, and that a worthy man, and then I don't really get anything, but it still looks like English more or less
or vowels in general
We used to be a part of the HRE, but it would just sound silly otherwise
This one uses the other meaning of the adjective, because you're one level up
Nedziela wieczur
Both are shit
Well from Russian point of view at least, because Russian is one of the languages where работа means regular work, so the word origin might seem kinda innocent for them
That's crazy
well, it may be a problem affecting me too, but not in the sense I can't eat potatoes
When I stayed in Scotland, it took me three days until I started to understand things and I was at C1 level
Rise of NSDAP and Hitler
The club I was member of was founded by former scouts in 1970s when scouting was banned, but we did not rejoin it after 1989 because we developed our own traditions meanwhile
(but it probably really depends on your taste)
I think that this result is probably better for the Republican party
Maybe because I’m blonde
Around 70% of the population is atheist, so
The main problem is that we don't have enough healthcare professionals, I've heard so many stories about nurses having to cover two more shifts just to make everything look good in the papers, I don't really know how to explain it properly
I voted for Franz (tatoos), because I have sense of humor, unfortunately there weremore people with more bizzare sense of humor then mine.
Christmas tree in Prague, Czechia
some died in our own mountains as well.
But I would not consider someone who is interested in a chick with a rack like Alps a pedophile
When our cat was a kitten he learnt to fetch a small jinglebell but somehow managed to forget it.
That's pretty much like our Čechy (pronounced almost the same way), except that is our name for only Bohemia (the historical region) - so only part of Czechia.
nothing
As a freelancer I also probably work more than what is the average, but I love that whenever I feel like it, I can just do all my work for the rest of the week on Wednesday and then slack all I want
* migrants from Africa/Middle East
I'm a little bit confused, we also have [x].
Ukranians are here in Czech Republic well established, welcome and desired workforce.
Or is it Škoda lásky, better known internationally as Beer Barrel Polka
Other Czech or Slovak cities don't come close
so what was better
Austrian problems require Austrian solutions
I do have the need and I am sad it is so expensive to have a sauna
Nah
Same thing whith czechia books were stolen during 30 years war
It's all a random game of genetics though, not all Bernese mountain dogs have the equal size.
The capital city itself or its people
One Slovania renamed to Slovakia, second to Slovenia
People are stupid and vocally opposed to any measures and our prime minister is a coward who overruled a lot of the measures our previous health minister tried to enact
Well, I don't know if it is really genuine Slovak/Hungarian *čabajka* but *čabajka* or *csabai kolbász* is available in Czech groceries.
your potato flatbread looks very much like our Slovak lokša.
Its from Milan, Italy brought to the Vienna by Czech general ;)
The Austro-Turkish wars, or Ottoman wars in Europe
1997,2004,2005,2009,2013  just pick one
Not really, maybe some really ancient ones that only historicians know about
Odcházíme
most of our dishes doesn't have any exotic names so from the English menu you could figure out what are you getting, listing main ingredients so there isn't really any trap here (unless you are vegan or   muslim or similar dietary needs, and picture is not going to help you either)
The verb thus takes the meaning "I name myself". As Czech is pro-drop, there's no pronoun "I" in the sentence
This terminology is a little bit older then human knowledge of tectonic plates.
Conquered the land, and won the western main,
We don't have much in common with Belarus, but a lot with Austria for instance.
/ Mrs
I am very much hoping that things turn for the better for Moldova under her leadership
In US (where a gun violence has always been crazy high), it's probably pretty common for most households to have at least one
Tu penses pouvoir t'en tirer après m'avoir dit cette merde, à moi, sur Internet ?
Also, lot of people want to move there
On the other side "economically well sustainable" Czech Republic is at 78%, between Malta (80%) and Greece (77%).
Fun fact: people sometimes keep live carp in their bathtubs to be killed, fried and eaten on Christmas Day
Examples being [Paris in 1896-1900] [Jerusalem in 1897] [New York in 1911] and [Stockholm in 1913] a lot of them are from the Lumiere bros
Are activities and food pricey?
But getting drunk is (at least in my social circle) okay
I'm pissed, but I'm glad that most of my countries represantatives voted no
Some such as math and physics are actually quite good
USA might be a little on the wrong side now.
Well, four pirates actually sit in that room
this was a giant clown fiesta
can't remember exact words as it is years ago but it was something like Imagine how this place would look if we didn't jumped into war
The guys with their own table are the top tier, a sort of local nobility, they have likely been frequenting the pub for twenty years or more and developed strong bonds between each other and between them and the staff so they don't let anyone easily among them just as you wouldn't really let anyone into your close group of friends
I believe the English (or rather French, but used in English) term is corvée.
Čtvrthrst is longer by one letter
I love it
When written, the limiting factor is the Cyrillic
because MEPs and politicians in general are never influenced by outside sources to go against the general wishes and opinions of their constituents, right?
It's not that much bigger than the Vatican
So WTF
"That's a spanish village for me" means I don't understand that
Because we have a long-standing historical friendship as nations beginning with the alliance between interwar Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia, which was only tarnished when we buckled to political pressure and recognized kosovo
Once again, I am forced to laugh at the Polish language
Sending B-2's are a phenomenal waste.
Or how about Zeman wiping his arse with our constitution
Very nice
In Czech - Štětín, Bydhošť.
Definitely not 50%. I’d say 10-20% and that is in the country known for not caring about nudity
Though I completely forgot how to shift
Little children drill the kinds you can pick and the kinds you can't even touch
Price is an important factor for me
Czech Republic is a Republic afaik.
Genocide:
Thanks
However, I don’t think they’re that unreasonable - e.g. Yes, **large** content providers shall do filtering - but of the kind that is appropriate and reasonable to their technical and organizational means
Brits in my experienc use more words and their pronunciation varies a lot depending on where they come from.
In Czechia I would call a city of 50,000 medium-sized
Same in Slovakia but 20 years ago.
We're still waiting for some kind of fat fine for that
You wouldn't...uhm ... [find it anywhere else, especially in central Europe]
You Finns are hardcore
The man who wifes this one up is a sucker.
Also I'd say a good portion of people still use seznam as their email provider, gmail is not as ubiquitous as it might be elsewhere
Napoleon would be proud
In the past, children did a lot of works around farms just to support family
He invented his own style, baroque gothic, [mixing up] an old gothic architecture with then-modern baroque elements and construction techniques, about 150 years before historicism in art became a widely popular thing
They should make this into an olympic sport.
There are things I dont like about the Czech Republic, sure, but there are a lot more that I do like
Even more hard-headed people with lots of common sense, but unable to change their opinions
Turkey is considered as they would be strategically useful, a foothold to Asia, despite not being European.
> The one we copied from poland
Every member of my family who was alive at the time took some part in the velvet revolution in 1989
I drink a lot of wine from Moravia and eat lots of smažák to make up for it, so yeah, I think I pass
I’d say menus only in English, Chinese or Russian, with no Czech version is even bigger indicator of tourist trap
Hey, out of curiosity, would you say that Norwegian people are similar to Czechs (in terms of how they behave)
Who the fuck wouldn’t put mayo in their potato salad
Mladá Boleslav: A lot of Škodas, Pretty rich, Pretty much just a big Škoda factory
we got Cařihrad :) "tzar's castle"
Because of the checkered bit and what it's supposed to represent
Well, there's like 150 other words in English where "ch" is pronounced as "K", so I guess people just have to add one more to their vocabulary
Schnitzel eaten with sauce like in Germany is scandalous
Small class isn't a win
+ and one more point, a picture or video clearly not from US but there is always some comment like 'there is a lawsuit waiting' or OSHA
Calm down, ei, we wouldnt want to resettle Bavaria and Berlin with some Slavs again, would we?
Nose, boobs, artifical hymen, anything you want.
When it's offered to me and the translation is good (like no problems with diacritics etc.), then it's always nice and refreshing to play games in Czech but I don't actively look for translations.
At our 2 year olds birthday party it was both kids and parents since all of the parents know each other and we've been friends before we had kids
I would add the systemic sterilizarion of gypsies during the communist rule
I’m planning to travel all over Germany during my Erasmus next spring
Valtola FIN
>traditions, culture, food
Vote for the Right Bloc the party for the easy and fast RECALL of politicians and state officials directly by the citizens, for LOW taxes, a BALANCED budget, the MINIMIZATION of bureaucracy, a JUST and UNCORRUPT police force and legal system, PUBLIC REFERENDA and DIRECT democracy WWW
A lot of us are just happy with the way things are, and almost all of us are very unhappy with the way the EU is trying to change things
"*Tramtárie*". It's either a corruption of the word "*Tatárie"*/ "*Tartárie*" ("the land of Tatars") or just a meanigless onomatopoetic word, possibly connected with a sound of a fanfare ("*tramtarará*")
But in the case of men I'd say it's viewed more as a statement, not just fashion
I for one am convinced it was the combination of celibacy and hedonism.
Majority of people voted for him, and even the recent polls show his high popularity
I am from Czech republic
*Abstinent* is a practically a curse word in Czech republic, because going to a pub for a couple beers is basically a part of the culture.
Plausible deniability all the way along, and enough saps will believe it.
I simply think that an adequate punishment should be higher and you're right that I'm not a judge but that doesn't automatically make my opinion wrong.
And one interesting fact:
The Charles University is the most famous one (and definitely the oldest one), I would say
Please do take him back
On any larger level of similarity than any other country in the region
In some cases it doesn't work (it actually backfired hilariously last year when pro-russian trolls tried to convince people to protest again American soldiers going through our territory on their way from the Baltics to Germany, it got a huge media coverage because of these planned protests and in the end it only made thousands of people coming and greeting the soldiers and the protesters were basically not there at all).
The only thing I've noticed is that we like to take advantage of the fact that noone can understand us and say really stupid shit.
For unknown number on my mobile phone only simple "Prosím." (which is literally "please" but it has more meaning, one of it is common response on the phone)
Only better than Albania and Montenegro
"Czechs are laughing beasts
Praha (Prague) and Brno, our two largest cities always fight who is better and rest of the country is on one of the sides or doesn’t give a fuck about it, and as someone from Czech part of Czech Republic we always make fun of Brno and in Moravia it’s the other way around
Although you're most likely right, the fact Babiš said so adds no confirmation to it
How insane you have to be to do this
*Russia enemy gang is expanding*
Our country has been ruled and ordered around by pan-european superstates for decades and I don't like them or trust them
And that's coming from someone who supports space programs.
Let's hope for that
But the packing otherwise looks the same
At least the beer is good and cheap
“Natáhnout bačkory” I’d say is a lot more frequently used, meaning to “stretch slippers”
" "Poopin
I know a guy who is about 23 years old and is named Adolf
Massive fiasco on the side of the US
Käse = Cheese
This reminds of this riddle: how many ends does [jitrnice] have
But recent events should turn the meaning completely around
(It is largely regarded as an internal issue of Spain
Haha that’s my grandma’s favorite
You mean former Holy Roman Empire?
You missed ňó.
Edit: respective strain names may vary
Yes, I use Czech QWERTY so I get to keep the special characters and don't have to switch my brain to QWERTZ and back all the time
It doesn't sound too bad but there are way more beautiful languages
Why
Basically along the lines of historical Austria Hungary + parts of eastern Germany
Worse than that I live in the far east, beyond the land of the barbarians.
a thing i also find irritating, its September 10th and i already see Christmas shit in supermarkets, not even to October,
For example if I need to buy something I would rather withdraw from the ATM and use cash instead card itself.
I've never been to an especially dangerous country, but most stories that I hear or read about tourists getting robbed and killed are about people who were clearly rich (in comparison with the standard of the given country) and looked like it
Try some 80s porn, it was also dubbed this way
Vietkong
Why should they
Yes sometimes it looks strange, but most of the time it makes sense and it is shown like that from a reason
oPpOrTuNitY, sTaBiLiTy
I traveled daily in regional bus and two city buses and
The absolute minimum in Czechia, required by law, is 1,4M€.
You just need to stab randomly
In Czechia we call it Německo
I actually study at the CU (or UK, as in Univerzita Karlova)
That's so fucking cringe I'm not sure if I should laugh or cry lol
I am quite sure common examples in other languages can be found
That's kinda sad
You know we do something right when all the old scum, left to right, criticize these protests
Sure, you can follow faithfully texts written in cave in the Middle East two thousand years ago, but you will stagnate and fail in the future.
It all seems like precedent for Erdogan's games
Yeah the '94 World Cup squad
All i am saying is that even if 20 % of Minsk went to protest, this means nothing
>Where is the big difference
...into worthless currency
It was already beyond the Limes
Come on now Britain, considering all that strong talk against Poland, you could do better.
Try to connect to the western world
Oh boy
Thats great
Extra vacation above the state minimum
Czech:
Before we split, we was Czechoslovakia
Looks like there are more versions
That isn't really better is it
Has the efficiency of the burning any significant influence on this
Watching Grease as a small child, watching all the old actors and the completely different school system with different steps I believed people study about 10 years of highschool in USA (since they talked about 10th grade and such) and that's why they are way older than people from our regular highschool I saw
would you mind linking the source then?
It seems to be true at least where I live though, that out of all our neighbours, we hang out with you the least
We're not as similar as you might assume based on the fact that we shared a country together.
I personally don't know many people who know about it, but some places I discover through the word of mouth, some are hinted at on the internet
why are you proud of the stereotype of czechs being pornstars
The item itself isn't really cheaper.
On one hand I understand that, since being considered Eastern European automatically means that you have to be poor and corrupt based on stupid stereotypes
Castles are everywhere
(non-native here)
Lybia - Gadaffi, civil war, ISIS strongholds, sub-Saharan migrant smugglers
Well Czechia became the official short form because before we only had the long form (Czech Republic) which was sometimes awkwardly shortened to "Czech" which didn't make sense
Learning Latvian is absolutely useless unless you plan to live there for the rest of your life.
Also some consonants are palatalized before i    but that could be solved making palatalization explicit - e.g. writing *ťi* instead of *ti*.
) wear
We usually put butter on bread, so it feels more "kosher" to stick cheese on butter (both milk products) than to put ham on butter
Some generation ago it was even common because they had only 8 years of "základní škola" (elementary + middle school), but we have 9 for some time now
And what about euro countries that do have euro but they don't want to further integration?
His deputy, Timmermans, is from Netherlands, that's also in the Western Europe.
But they buy our stuff
Thousands of people stand in queue for hours to see our coronation jewels for few seconds
Toj cělj može byti različny: na priklad, medžunarodna komunikacija, tajna komunikacija s inymi, prijemnosť samogo avtora, ilustracija někojej fiktivnoj kultury ili realizacija někakogo lingvističnogo pomysla
Not sure, probably neutral
Eurostat's newest stats are from 2014, so are the stats from the UN or World Bank, so how can you possible know that you have lower crime index in 2016?
Why does Europe give a shit about Palestine?
One of a few middle east guys i really have a respect for.
I mean, the stone ceiling does have some substantial holes in it right now
Winter time is the original, so winter time
Not that much methinks
I have been learning european languages, history, culture, cuisine, geography, and politics since kindergarden
Germans buy new cars
Companies don't create their kindergartens, except few.
And Scots can be understood but I have to fill in some words that I cannot make out and hope I got the context right
I am not afraid of the current situation, but I doubt my abilities will be the same as 6 months ago
**Třeboň:** fish farming
In October 2016 Czech Parliament passed a motion condemning a UNESCO resolution on Palestine which omitted reference to the Jewish heritage of the Western Wall and other historical sites in Jerusalem, with deputies accusing UNESCO of antisemitism and describing the resolution as "hateful" during the parliamentary discussion
No, I think window fans are not common in most of Europe either
Damn it feels good to be a European
Other than that, don't you think that following the law is simply enough (like for example treating women equals etc...)
No Southern Czechia or Western Hungary
We used to do the same when I was in the TA twenty odd years ago
That's the most American thing a tourist can ask
2) Has a huge medical potential
I personally don't know anyone who even goes to the church mass at midnight
I've read the lyrics
Or did I mistaken it for Sweden, where it's illegal
Looks  sort of pretty (the dress)
In the last 10 years, I don't think it ever got over 0
Czech Republic used to be more green
But what does it mean
The leading theory among many doctors now is that China fucked around with Sars in Wuhan laboratories and it leaked
Scratch ticket and elk = los
WHEN THE CRUSADES COME
That one is a proper hinterland nowadays
Unfortunately more and more banks are using this trick to rob tourists and more and more terminals offer DCC to confuse you and trick you into using unfavorable conversion rate
Where have I ever mentioned Bush?
Also 'luna' - feminine is sometimes used in poems and stuff (not really in normal speech)
If they have fewer jihadis than Sweden, then they ARE objectively better.
It has to be Kofola for the Czech Republic for sure
It had plenty of wars with France, for example.
Getting up to 51 km/h is an achievement for something like a Trabant or a Polski Fiat
Respirator can be a breathing filter + a better mask, or an oxygene supply
It doesn't effect only eastern non-euro countries, but also Sweden and partly Denmark.
Private Facebook groups are the shit you want to look into
We're the best in the whole EU
He was corrupt as fuck, and unlike other politicians he was to inept to keep his bribery hidden
And I agree with this
For example in English female and male students are all student but in Czech we use often masculine terms as neutral to refer to people even if it might be a woman, like when you say "go to the doctor" you don't know if the doctor is male or female but in Czech you say "jdi k doktorovi" for male doctor and "jdi k doktorce" for female doctor, so the problem is that if you just don't know the gender of the refered person or just don't wana assume people say just the masculine term, so people often imagine the male right
I kind of took it for eastern Germany cause it borders us (mostly to differentiate it from like Nordrhein-Westfalia
Started as Czech Protestants were fighting against Catholics and ended as Czech Protestants were defending Prague against Sweedish Protestants
The only real solution is a one state solution where all Palestinians become citizens of Jordan and get deported there, while Israel builds a huge wall with a minefield on the Jordan-Israeli border.
Been to Vienna during Christmas holidays 4 years ago and seen plenty of police walking around with assault rifles
Sorry about that, probably messed it up with the french translation
The usual argument "because they can move away and thus don't have the interests of the country at heart" doesn't stand the criticism: any citizen can easily move to other region at any moment, yet local elections being held
Well, "Čechy" means Bohemia
Better than Czech for most stuff, at least for me
Edit: I forgot Ó and Á as interjecton (surprise, aha moment, wonder or scream), it's counted among word class too
There are so many dumb and dangerous people spreading misinformation around
No worrying about gas prices, about rent prices, about buying things to school for kids, to pay for sports classes, no worrying about job security, no bullshit shark-loans, no rural depopulation, no drugs on the streets - that is my understanding of "relatively good life".
Theyve put up cameras to get some evidence in case robbers return
The exact location is never published, because I suppose the people who know about them want to keep it free of the homeless, taggers, drug addicts etc
Also ČVUT for STEM subject and AMU for arts
Ironically, nation who suffered the most under Stalin is full of his apologists
Overall, easiest semester ever
are adoptions, surrogate mothers or sperm donors unchristian?
It sounds like a mixture of Swedish, British, German, American an maybe a bit of Australian
You guys in Greece wear socks in sandals
And finally, the distinction of good West vs
It's about 25 degrees here (77° F) and sunny but last weeks thunderstorms caused some flash floods in some places, the Vltava cascade is full of water and still the weather is really volatile
Feel free to
easily, public transport is perfect here, it costs around 15EUR to cross whole city with taxi..
I mean, we already have enough problems with everyone putting their interests first in the EU now
>I've been reading so many comments in this thread and nobody seems to try to understand or to explain why a "farther right than far right" misogynistic fascist goes to geeky events and picks up femboys
Is there a slavic language that doesn't think we sound child-like?
I also remember seeing him and Krnáčová on Staromák giving out soups.
I have Walther PPQ (M2 NAVY) and I would like to get a rifle and a shotgun too (when the money allows for it).
Oh, and Spain and Portugal, as I’ve mentioned elsewhere
according to [this wiki article] there has already been over 100 lawsuits worldwide between Budwar (the Czech brewery) and its American competitors.
If it was widely accepted, I’d state my “nationality” as european
Well if a single small car Škoda Fabia eliminate FOUR APC Pandur II 8x8 with single hit and repair of APCs took 3 years
I think it's awesome but probably slower than just speaking English
Not in that sense
I wonder what the Estonian jews would have thought of this statement
My nephew's name is Jonáš Jan (surname) but I don't think that there will be 2 names in his OP
I speak English fluently, which opens many doors already
why are you proud of the industry exploiting vulnerable people who are desperate for money
The first sentence of your response might be a bit confusing because Bohemian and Czech are (or at least used to be for centuries) synonyms
So it's not the 'Arab' look that is the problem
So those two words have nothing in common.
The thing is that the average Prague citizen has absolutely no control over what Czech Tourism does.
I saw a ventilator once and the person was in induced coma so as not to fight the ventilator
I would rather expect celebrations
And it's the perfect combination of a rough consonant grouping and a soft deminutive
The husband and wife, side by side, share one bib around their necks and then eat one meal together (usually soup) where they take turn in feeding the other
But I guess it is the same everywhere
> which means forced labour
For some reason, the taste is just strange and I generally prefer regular pasteurized milk
Maybe try german next time
We have always been the most euro-sceptic nation among the new members, but in the past few years it got even worse with the financial crisis in Southern Europe (the vast majority of Czechs now refuse euro) and with the migrant crisis (overwhelming majority of Czechs reject common asylum or migration policy).
Budapešť, with SH
Turkeys have also made their way into Czech cuisine as well but nowhere near as common as chicken or duck
Went there and passed out unconscious, woke up soon enough in my shower cabin and thanked God I was sitting
Czech:
Some wars in Middle ages or early modern age wars
Crazy, how the capital regions collect all the wealth (especially in the south and east EU).
Yeah, let's also blame the Mongols for Chinghiz Khan or blame the Italians for the Roman Empire.
Because their design is fucking lit
Here and there I *feel* like I understand the grammatical construction, but words
Resistance, sabotage, maybe something to do with the Czechoslovak foreign legions in Russia or UK
I'm just mad because people always corrected me thinking i lived in Průhonice when I lived in Úhonice
I always knew you were important
I think one of the tasks was also a piece of writing
The shadows seem to be coming from southwest
4 gang bakelite socket of the type CEE 7/1 or ГОСТ 7396, I guess.
You think redditors accusing random people of being killers is the same as police withholding the identity of a known suspect who has killed?
The further right you go the more polish it sounds so yeah, anything past essentially Brno is just unintelligible
We're crazy about anything we're good at (mainly Ice hockey)
The good news is that you can still watch it on [Youtube] No need to be afraid of language barrier, since the characters don't speak at all ;)
It can be used for any rural area and the city of Brno :))
Cities without advertisements look really sad
European countries (like France or Sweden) are perfectly capable of developing complex fighters.
They didn't manage to wake up two brazilian girls that were sleeping drunk out of their skulls so they left them be.
In Czechia, I'd say abbreviation ISIL (Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant) used to be more common.
Users should be allowed to upload and make available content generated by users for the specific purposes of quotation, criticism, review, caricature, parody or pastiche
Most of central/eastern Europe united by kurva
Traditional lunch is [*vánoční kuba*] (baked groats with mushrooms).
Emperors may come and Emperors may fall, but we shall stand defiant to the very end
Poor Ireland (96% vs 177%), I feel ya.
"Beauty is to save the nature together
So if they spend this much, its your fault and you have to pay for it
The Sudetes look great as well
I am student myself but I look closely on economic situations and politics in world
We wouldn't exist as a nation if we weren't like this and thus these knee-jerk reactions are strongly rooted in our mentality
cz ;) Google maps look terrible, they are only good for driving or finding reviews on restaurants
Needless to say that I had trouble getting up the second day
wat
It's more about big city/countryside difference
Why can't the EU generate a tech corporation like Google, Apple, Uber, Amazon
for example
Our society is still in learning process about the dynamics and realations between voters and decision makers and about the responsibilities which goes with that.
The shoehorning in of the American gung ho pilots and scientists took a bit away from the mystery of the Norwegian base from the original Thing
This really doesn't need major designation like, east, west, central.
Do you have any data for that
Because lot of Brits are extremely xenophobic toward everyone from country eastern then Berlin
But you still didn't leave it.
They need someone to be the strong authority (dictator) who is going to maintain order and who is to be feared.
As long as they are anti-putin, I am happy
It depends on your threshold in a differentiation, isn't it?
That's the whole point of stealth.
But the possibilities are almost endless
My mom still has few years till retirement and it sucks with our 1 year old
So the only way of changing the regime is through changing the opinions of Russian people.
I would say [Krok's] daughters Kazi, Teta and [Libuše]
I feel like I should go out now
I don't think so
Reflex is vulgar right wing journal opposed to government
southern Slavic - I have experience only with Croatian, and it gets somewhat tricky (maybe 45 % of the words I somewhat recognize, but the meanings can be jumbled), but the pronunciantion is pretty good and close to Slovak in a way, so one can get by
In Czech Republic there also [tramps] \- loosely connected to scouting - they were called wild scouts and I've read that they are scout punks
That's the case in any democratic society; boundaries exist and must exist
I can understand english, german and french, they are important(even official languages) in a lot of european organisations, but spanish is not nearly as important on european level as it is on world level.
People in Central Bohemian region would still live in Central Bohemian region, Ostrava would be at roughly the same place too
No, our cells can not reproduce till infinity because of [Hayflick limit]
That comment probably sounded worse that it would be.
It is a bit more poor and there isn't a single large city, so the only Czechs who go there are usually married to Slovaks.
Or "Jak myslíš" (As you think), which has the feel of I don't agree, but won't argue anymore - but also doesn't indicate that I at least accept
Yes, he shouldn’t have accepted Faktýnek’s invitation to come
I’m generally disinterested in the Balkan countries save for the food and pictures of lanscapes etc
Weak
It is a popular misconception
It's pity, that even today, Russia is going down the path.
Sounds like "hospodář" which means householder or someone who takes care of property
". The pronunciation is very similar to fuck you
You can even get some nonstandard procedures for free if your doctor and the insurance company agree (e.g. breast enlargement if your psychologist agrees that it would help with your low self-esteem and the insurance company's expert agrees, too)
For example, gold is zlato in Czech, but it's Au, but Wolfram is W, like in latin
Some people keep going there as workers once the turn 18, so you can keep in contact
It's kinda weird for them, because we have accent on the first syllable, so when we are talking faster it sounds like machine gun fire
>how how robust is your air defense
The net itself would be for 22 without cable etc,..
Even if it hits over 3.5 and truck licence would be mandatory (like 1gen Hummer) no one will call it truck.
*At least, we don't get beaten up by the police*
And in the Western Europe the situation is obviously different, they don't feel as much threatened by Russia, so naturelly they don't feel the need to have US troops in their countries.
Still, using "žárlivost" in a non-romantic context kind of gives the statement a bit of a subtle romantic undertone, in my opinion, so it can come out wrong in certain situations
Plus it's harder for their elite to attempt to seriously damage the EU as all of their funds are here.
At the same time, I realize that these things are simply difficult to achieve in our current conditions.
Everybody in Austrian army spoke German
The train had three squeaky carriages with no sound insulation and uncomfortable faux leather seats which have seen the previous regime
He's very entertaining to watch
Either the person only understands phone apps and that's about it, or sits at their pc all day and can troubleshoot most problems
Plus Škoda makes pretty good cars for their price.
Pretty hard to do that technically (if you mean tax rate dependent on environmental impact of a product).
and also [This] good example
Otherwise it has no real value, except for museum fees and sentimental pride.
It's not like you look at that list and say "well, there's no Italy there, so it's pointless!"
And sadly these days many try to minimize the suffering of those times and turn to Putin as white knight protector against Muslims
^^^^^/s
Občas vidím na Internetu polštinu a je mi trochu divné odpovídat anglicky, když tomu rozumím.
exact same here, but that's not a surprise
Well, B-P H-Ch V-F K-G letters can soud the same, depending on letters next to them
But once you have a licence, you can buy as many as you have safe storage for (if you have more than 2 guns you need a safe)
4 million), Ostrava (0
I wanted to go with Karel Gott and his Vcelka Mája or just generally with him, but I believe yours is WAY more famous
WHAT THE FUCK
Why are there so many voices suddenly shouting EU is the devilspawn?
She told us she was born near Chernobyl, and when we asked if she is irradiated, she answered that ‘near’ means 200 km
Weren't the Balkans better for a while
We used to shake hands as first thing at work everyday
While the citizens of the big countries are afraid that they'd have to help the smaller countries, they so happen to be, mostly, the citizens of countries that received outside help in the form of the Marshall plan during their post-war reconstruction, something that most of the "smaller countries", which also so happen to mostly be from the ex-socialist bloc, had no actual possibility of using those funds for their own reconstruction at the time due to political reasons
No doubt
lmao that's just a normal ass window bruh
One example of the campaign in Africka with Czech YouTuber shopaholic Nicole
Gotta check more sources
On one side, people say that they helped liberate Prague
and when you get caught and punished, it is not your fault but failure of your lawyer :)
It doesn't have to necessarily be someone I agree with politically
(plus many more in tourist locations, plus a few kfcs on highways)
This just perfectly exemplifies the absolute lack of class this guy has
Holy fuck
And those boomers gotten their Prague spring hopes crushed by Soviet tanks)
++ fight with rest of hobo group about who is the owner of the empty bottle for free
* - "I've got it on a thin cooked sausage
Very historic
I live in a relatively flat city yet there is absolutely no cycling infrastructure here and it drives me crazy
It’s regarding weed, the law says that a person can legally carry an amount that’s "smaller than small". No grams defined, nothing, just this
Rightfully deserved, because we have incompetent morons who lead.
twins = "parchanti duplowańi"
If there would be a tiny fiat in backround it would be perfect.
all in English
april 1968 to 28
I don't recall any EU member state ever triggering article 50 and dragging other NATO states into a war.
:-)
you need to pass language test, both written and spoken + test from Czech things, all the shit is for whole day
Džon mejd his vej tů e tevern frů d dark forest, only tů fajnd aut dat hí forgot d many
So, since I was planning to travel pretty much all around the country, when I was packing, I was considering taking my winter clothes
English has been mandatory starting 3rd year of elementary I think.
In the protectorate the only higher ranked nazi was Hitler, so it was a big deal
" (Kind of outdated variant: Do you have a black servant behind you
We have an idiot Russophile president
Jaromir Jagr & Karel Gott
Russian extremists ,,attacked'' our embassy in Moscow
I honestly like LEGO, one of the best toys kids can get these days
I was like: finally, hello germans welcome to 21st century
Maybe to the annual red tape bullshit competition
Nice tune
Since then, Moravia has always been more Catholic than rest of the lands of the Czech crown.
twins = "parchanti duplowańi"
southern Slavic - I have experience only with Croatian, and it gets somewhat tricky (maybe 45 % of the words I somewhat recognize, but the meanings can be jumbled), but the pronunciantion is pretty good and close to Slovak in a way, so one can get by
However I have yet to see the statistics behind the claims that hate-crimes have significantly increased since Brexit.
The communists - directly transformed from the Czechoslovak communist party - have 8 % in the parliament and many of them are mayors in small towns and villages due to old people being a large part of the electorate
Yep, just call everyone who doesn't share your view an eastern retard, that will for sure change people's minds.
It wasn't the only massacre done as a retaliations of Heydrich's assasination, there was also the village Ležáky where all adults and 11 children were killed
Clearly not much has changed there mentality wise
Artificially undervalued koruna against euro.
And the point is, while it's a great feat being/becoming the embodiment of the contemporary taste/fad, it's only that
That's impossible because you need unanimous decision for that.
The causes of the explosions are related to the increasing demands of ammunition supplies before and during World War
But those are small individual issues and not reflective of the whole development
You have to take physical cash to the bus driver for him to charge the card for you and then sell you a ticket by deducting the money from the card
Now if Britain, with its centuries of history as a global trading power is in such a mess, what do people think would happen in Czechia
Lithuanian and Latvian are Baltic language group.
I have never sat in a car with automatic transmission.
Some lines are for other actors
If you'd like to save money, you can buy only consonants for your typing machine and get by with sentences such as "[Strč prst skrz krk
Babiš came from Slovakia to Czechia, after he finishes with us he's obviously coming to Germany, continuing west until he destroys whole world
How often do you switch between them
Can't be stressing our lil' bro
Also serious Czech newspapers never mentioned their ethnicity.
Sure it's not as rich as Denmark, but it's above average in Europe, and and absolute paradise when compared to the world's average living standards
" (Kind of outdated variant: Do you have a black servant behind you
Meanwhile Žižkov tower has been built and people just got used to it
Nah, I'd rather replaced Mississippi with Alabama, Tennessee with Kentucky and Massachusetts with Rhode Island.
Those sound too normal
Also [Puzata Hata] from Ukraine
"Šli jsme k horským jezerům a potom lovili ryby
So far, we have lost Thailand, Vietnam, and the Phillipines to China.
I see, thanks for the explanation
This distinction does not exist in Czech but it does in other languages
Nevím jak to číst  :D
Only truly free system is individualism
all over Europe was apparently exaggerated
Many people don’t know it
> Putting aside how rarely people actually go to butchers here, no
China man bad
Odcházíme
I feel like i’m the only person who actually likes carp
And also gets actual international tourism.
You would have to revamp social dynamics to be like this
And secondly, as the other poster said, automated filters won't care
I am not "a concerned citizen" as it is generally understood, so I can't speak for those.
Just in time to be piled on by both sides during WW2.
Divine herring, a fish I'd kill for
For example USSR allowed the training of German tank and air forces on it's territory, because Versailles Treaty prohibited such things in Germany
I would also choose Modlitba pro Martu for the important role in our modern history
Maybe it's this entitled thinking
look at the restaurant fronts, think why they are offering sicilian dishes
I have no clue about these religious things as well but it makes a sense
The first will be Slovenia, then the Baltic countries and we will be right after them.
[driving his car on road]
It was shocking enough for Czechs to have no draft beer for so long
But in France, they have German as dead language
In one scene, he was standing in unfinished building, and he was saying that he will have a good view on Prague castle from his office
Usually, there are lots of concerts in the centre of Prague, processions, exhibitions, all in streets where normally cars ride
English has a very good autocorrect, so I don't have to watch each letter I type
I now prefer to discuss topics in English instead of Czech
Padva IT
East Slavic languages are hard to understand when spoken due to their heavy use of palatalization
This is not freedom, this is copyright tyranny
Nationalist obsessions and living in the past makes Hungary to lag behind its neighbours.
wait, this is Europe
**Liberal parties** - **Pirate Party** and **STAN**. These are liberal parties, Pirates being by far the most socially progressive party
Well since the only reason to do that would be to finally get sea access the only logical choices would be Poland and Germany
It's like climate change, who does not want to see, does not
We are among the safest countries in Europe so I guess it works just fine
Fake news
Radetzky was Czech
Host - guest in czech
Not that he's actually a socialist, he's barely even a social democrat.
I read the same many times as a kid.
Cereal is a thing, but it doesn't have monopoly in breakfasts.
Came here to say this, it definitely has to be the 2002 floods for us
I'd say that the city has a rugged charm.
I guess breakfast is between 6:30 and 8:00, lunch is between 12:00 and 13:00 and dinner is between 17:00 and 18:00
Technically there was an independent Welsh Principality for several centuries, so if we assume that the Kingdom of England and Principality of Wales titles are the same tier, then does Prince Charles automatically get independence once Queen Elizabeth's empire-tier "United Kingdom" title gets revoked
There is one sense in which I consider Brno a village though - and that it is that everyone seems to know each other
I remember Raiders of the Lost Ark (I've seen it at least ten times), Alien, Beverly Hills Cop, Jaws,  Grease, Papillon, Fort Apache the Bronx
I don't care
lol :D gib me some of these aryan looks plox
WTH is TV licence inspector
Did it look this uniform originally
-4/5c cold
If you don't agree with that, that's your opinion, you can use whatever term you want, but I don't see why you should tell other people what term to use.
Also, there is a movement towards nature, pre-christian traditions, neo-paganism.
In Czech, grasshopper is little mare, kobylka
our language love these complex sentences, basically mastering a writing skill is just mastering these complex sentences
> The museum is run by one of Orbán's most outspoken supporters
But then again, new shiny trucks are beautiful and who doesn't love a bit of fiscally stupid amortization rush
Most people unforunately dont know the difference between ours and american country, so they probably know some american songs from radio, but that is about it.
Yes, I was also considering the clock, but the castle's history is over half of millennia longer
At least there are options in male names
40 years of terror, hundreds of thousands of victims and they have never even apologised, still clinging to the belief that they were right and utterly justified in everything they did.
Thats great
As far as laws for actual self defence (and use of aforementioned firearms in our case), it is similar to other countries in Europe
Zero fucks given, they didn't want to save europe from war, they wanted to save their asses from war
As for the filtering pitchers, that's also not very common
but how much effort does Russia make to understand others?
The PM has the true power
Still wonder, why wasn't Kaliningrad area granted to Poland after WII and port of Stettin to Eastern Germany.
But it is everyones choice
Museum Of Public Transport
For the other regulars, when you start recognising their faces and they seemingly recognise yours, you may do a nod of acknowledgement when entering the pub, later even directly greet them
We are not in danger of being invaded, but their sponsorship of extremist groups directly threatens stability and democracy of EU states.
Is this done because of capacity issues
I thought England was a city
That "the west" was organizing a revolution here to weaken the eastern bloc
Well, time to play Battlefield now.
Anywas, wishing you luck
But then again, it makes sense that you test less with less suspected infections
Certainly wish I would get to read some good literature from the region
They made a switch with the Julian calendar due to the arrival of Saints Cyril and Methodius^[1]
Ah, the French empty diagonal, we meet again
Majority of shelters are results of cold war.
It might help
It would be ride to get some food or other stuff
Where I come from, vehicles need to yield for pedestrians
As a result, the government invested millions in school security
We only have one major airport in the country, and the only options for getting there are bus and taxi
But hey thats just the opinion of a češkko
However as far as I'm aware there isn't much of an issue with recent immigration waves (90% are Ukrainians, Vietnamese or Russians).
But you’re right that every time I start getting too
For the Czech PM, it was South Moravia - it is a region located in the [Southern-eastern part of the Czech republic]
And they all lead to Rome
Lot's of propaganda in elementary school - we read stories about heroic Soviet soldiers protecting us against imperialists
We have a law here that every supermarket with at least 400m2 area has to donate such food to food banks or charities
[Metal cover] from Germans
And I also prefer green olives over the black ones
You can call him Bohemian but not Czech
(blue-eyed girl don't sit there
Also in the city centre there were more homeless beggars on 20 meters than I've ever seen in my life
There's also some good indian, chinese and thai stuff
You mean former Holy Roman Empire
I have a Revolut card with a Brittish BIN, I have tried to withdraw money many times
If you're given laptops to work on, it's not a benefit, it's a work tool
Well it's said our beer is the best
That's why I said what the set phrase is
This
But in an ideal world, it would be a wonderful setting for an Assassin's Creed game
A few scenes later, he complains that he can’t see anything because of that plastic wrap
Meanwhile, the fact that we ran the Lety concentration camp so brutally it shocked even the Nazis, and the population invented reasons to get their Roma neighbours willy nilly into it had no justification other than that we really, really, really didn't want any filthy gypsies around
With sleeping it is very individual and depends on how much of your free time are you willing to spend sleeping and when do you need to get up
I don't have problem with that, but after that, KSČ did what Mother Russia said
Just FTR, the original Comme d'habitude is by Claude Francois and English lyrics are by Paul Anka
My phone is always in my pocket and can be password/fingerprint/iris protected.
You know we're already in some deep shit when they close the pubs, the next step after that is probably cutting the food supply chain
But this thing is not against any law as far as I know but might be and probably is against policies of airlines.
Today I was reading [čsfd
If I recall correctly he also caused his employer to go bankrupt because the damage(cca 8 mil €) was way higher than the insurance limit
Hence I don't understand why Slovakia is a new country while Czech Republic is not.
He screamed "Allahu Akbar". Truly such a religion of peace
Many words sound strange, if you try to take them literally
Also we are the biggest producers of meth in Europe
We're all fully aware the KSČ caused the coup
You take off your shoes once you get home and either put on slippers or go around barefoot/in socks.
>Maybe no smell at all is it most significant trait, just fresh mountain air
Getting invaded
I feel Czech first and European second.
Is it
The only tourist site here I visited is probably Budvar many years ago (and I don't even like beer)
Like in the English word huh
Drunk Zeman looking at Crown Jewels was bigger embarrassment
They'll move it to somewhere else how?
It’s not technically grammatical, but here it goes:
..and Polish are nothing more than ethnic continuity of the Silesians, I mean North-Eastern Bohemians, and a lot of Bohemians used to be Germans so Germany, Austria and German Switzerland are Bohemia as well.
I only wish you exported some of that situation
Fixed price, mileage negotiable
KGB units were present during 1946-48 and they murdered or abducted multiple people opposing the communist party
Like, I get it, you are from this country
I'd like to laugh at this stereotype, but then I looked down and found out I'm wearing adidas sweatpants.
After all Senegal and other countries were your colonies, etc
*sips beer*
His ideas would not make him particularly interesting in Europe, since most European countries already have the stuff he's campaigning on (universal health care, free university education etc.), but I like what he represents.
Certain sounds are just difficult to do properly when you're not used to them.
It's boring
Our Social Democrats wanted the same, but it would be hard to implement it here.
In return for Hohenzollern assistance in the War of the Spanish Succession and support for the Habsburg candidate in the subsequent election, Emperor Leopold I allowed Frederick to crown himself "King in Prussia".
So what's your conclusion so far?
That's interesting, because I actually am not able to assess if fails _to fit as close **as it can** to European cities and **possibly** as far **as it can** to non-European cities
This is first part of the first song:
I think there is quite a big leap from not liking someone to systemic extermination
I'm from Brno and I can confirm
Best bro countries forever
You're definitely not matching them on literal meaning and it seems the usage is also different between different countries
I blame Alan Moore for this
I know that French one is war march song and that's all
I don't see it as forcing other countries then.
Enter address, get closest schools.
Czech, Slovakian, English, French, Spanish, Russian, German
, we use them slightly differently:
Anything by Karel Čapek
A Baltic folk in canoe with germanflag in Budapest....
Here's [a relevant short] story for this.
Also, many local politicians play the national card.
How many millions of non-european Russians?
5) Paris, France
We can rely only on ourselves in the end.
I hate the whole traditional family thing that's connected to it, and my boyfriend doesn't like the idea either.
People have family and emotional ties to their own country, some just simply don't want to move elsewhere, even when they can't find a job.
Immortal turk and his partner Don't get too attached
And I don't even get why you have such a negative attitude towards Poland in the first place.
Ah yes, the good old days
* por qué? == why
If you are an American tourist visiting Europe, Prague is definitely where you want to go in 99% cases (but even then there are people who would prefer the less touristy spots)
Everything in shops cost less than in spain (which doesn't looks to me as expensive anyway) due to low taxes in Andorra.
EDIT: above is the 'best' you could get in cities
Here in Czechia we are using [German deck] and French too
All my USA visits were for business purpose so I can only tell how insanely toxic is US working environment
I just want a stable 10-25 C temperature range and an oceanic breeze, that would be perfect, even without being directly at the sea
Bulgaria: Crossing Rila and Pirin with friends
Yes, this law is more than necessary here.
Indeed, there are two countries in EU currently with opt-out on Euro and that's Denmark and UK.
Sure
She got killed just as he walked out of his shop
I'd translate it as "pussy land" tho it could be probably translated better
Though don't quote me on that
I visited Finland in 2013 (absolutely loved it) and back then I thought that Finland was one of those utopian countries with pretty much no problems
As many said before : Dont be upset, man
Never gotten to this point but I'm literally bilingual now
Is Madrid and Barcelona that expensive?
Still a thing here
You're moving goal posts again
Cross the border from western/north-western Slovakia into eastern Moravia and tell me where Slovak language ends and Czech one starts
The cultures are similar to mine, the language isn't that hard, living standards are higher according to some lists
*Almost* nobody voted for brutal Stalinism, purges and fake trials, class warfare, abolition of private property, censorship, violent collectivization etc
Do you think you know more about our history than we do
Can confirm
Why do you Poles always think we are envy of your sea
Too bad that plenty of EU politicians would like to do the same
All what I can see from here are some statistics,  like your officials sayings you are arresting more than 10 millions people every year and till around year 2010 it was close to 15m. With the population a bit above 300milions people it is completely insane number
It's like a secret passageway that almost nobody knows about and makes me feel like I know something special, even though their practical usability as a shortcut is probably close to zero
Oh yeah, april is coming
I commonly get told that Czech sounds either like a machinegun, when I speak normally, or like Russian, when I try to sound good
However I was kinda trying to imitate and make fun of the rhetorics of some of the Western media, who used different terms during 2015 when the quotas were a hot topic.
Poland is really nice too
Almost like seeing Tom Cruise in Prague while watching Mission Impossible
cold - up to 13
>Nakovalo is an Anvil
They have the most support among the elderly
This might not be the greatest country on Earth, but I am pretty happy to live here
The whole city of Prague
That’s not really correct though
How would giving organs to the older conservatives make them look less untidy
One of the reasons I can think of is that some people might cut several trees down and sell them for profit
Nordic countries frequently top the rankings in ease of doing business, they are very capitalist albeit with high levels of redistribution and strong welfare state
Did something change
Little has changed since the 14th century
Austria: yes please do it
No, that's Aldel
You shouldn't forget the effect of reddit on the gender balance^[1] ^[2] .
In a parliamentary republic (which is what most European republics are, as opposed to your presidential republic), the president is pretty much a ceremonial role
Why Poland
That's historically where the wealthiest industrialists or movie stars of Czechia used to live (many still do)
And after that you pay VAT and other "consumption taxes)" on gas, so you get ripped off twice or three times
Returning them wouldn't really achieve anything if your goal is to preserve and celebrate ancient cultural heritage
Ah thanks
People understimate how deadly knives are
Yeah once certain subs get too big, the mods lose control of it and that's good bye to relevant content
Probably not even one 45 minute lesson in high school is spend on it.
In the second part I said even if you were talking about bottled, Pilsner is more than 35 c. Which it is
Quite the opposite, my friend
If that photo included Charles Bridge, I would agree 100%
it hasn't been active in any of the major US-led wars
Plus the Brita really helps keep limescale down to a minimum
Perfection
Oh we're *no data*, whoa, I was scared for a second
Vltava flows into Labe, which continues into germany as Elbe.
Supposedly multiple fatalities according to early sources.
Wouldn't be so sure about that.
I would choose symphonic poem Vltava (Moldau) by Bedřich Smetana
I'm really not vibing with the Czech mentality, especially in the 2010s...
an alarm "call" done by 7kg British blue male at around 7:45, feed him, open the balcony door so he can stop screaming, obviously it is a cat, he is not interested to go there any longer.
There Is only two types of czechs
Did you forget where you're from my dude
[Very relevant piece of knowledge from japanese text book]
That’s it
Aaaaaaaaand he's lost the election.
Babiš is our prime minister and has a LOOOOOOT of controversies around him - investigated by the police for stealing 2 million euros, his past in STB(Czechoslovak KGB) and other stuff
In Futurama, French is a dead language like latin
You narrowed the discussion down to languages, and apparently you think others don't know there are language groups
But army is unnecesary when we have NATO
Not sure this meaning survived communism
I hope you guys have a good time!
Yeah it's basically a costume party where the graduating students make the entire school smell like vinegar and then walk around their town, making a lot of noise and asking people for money
If they don't comply throw them to jail.
Also because there is a chance of KDU, TOP or STAN not being able to get into the next Parliament since they might not pass the 5% threshold
You are right, I have no idea where some Manětínsko is
I expected a different clause at the end of the title
OK I am able to understand tipping culture because:
Our president, when asked if he is pro-west or pro-east, answered that he is pro-north
I get the same in Czechia for 12
Guys, we have an election next year!
Isn't he like a cartoonist or some shit?
Lots of what what we get sold here is waste from western countries.
But IT in Prague tend to get 2-3 times as much.
Thats unimaginable
I think we call them skřítek domovník or domácí skřítek
I was talking about old politicians like Klaus, Zeman etc
Actually, no, Falcon 9 had one partial failure and one failure in its 28 launches so far.
With their efficiency they will never pay for their costs
So basically they steal 33% and you dont know about it
Same here
* Phillip II of Spain = Filip II
It would be interesting to know how many people in Czechia and Slovakia have mixed ancestry (parents or grandparents from both countries)
Český Těšín (Czech) as opposed to Těšín (in Poland)
(70) The steps taken by online content-sharing service providers in cooperation with rightholders should be without prejudice to the application of exceptions or limitations to copyright, including, in particular, those which guarantee the freedom of expression of users
Candle and spark plug = svíčka
The Song Dynasty then: We will wage war with the Mongol invaders for 70 years
It’s possible but honestly most of the times I ride a train it’s quiet
Do they really say that
Yeah, I feel like it's a conspiracy
Not a big fan of this country but nice to see a different perspective
So they will understand
" - Jan Masaryk
| Always causes a bit of headache when cooking Hungarian style abroad.
Russia
Local craft breweries all the way
I know there used to be 15% VAT for food given to charity in Czechia.
Yes, like this
Why
People aren't usually very angry when you call it that, but they might consider it a bit rude
You're right, but tbh I think I would prefer a humble, down to earth, mingle-with-the-locals type of politician for president.
Exactly 0,000000000000000000 times periodical
Most of people actually support our PM (not me tho)
I lived for some time really close to a WW II concentration camp.
France and its over subsidised agriculture
Home with just myself in the city - yes
Nice idea tho
He's banned from college
to clarify, [Czech media] cite sources saying that the "foreign state" is actually Russia.
I mean third time's the charm, isn't it
hOLY SHIT IS THAT SNOW
That is ODS
That looks like lots of fun, I'm jelly
There is also a lot of detective films (Rex and Alarm für Kobra 11 are VERY popular)
At least there are not getting diabetes from chocolatte
Before the communist regime fell, street names were like: Missile street, Artillery street, Gunner street , Army street
That does not make them socialist by any stretch of the imagination
Austrians did cut all trees to fight bark-beetle.
It was a militant power-grab backed by stalinist Soviet Union
Might be an interesting story to track it back to the source
I agree with the last one
Kinda controversial generally speaking, but a Slovak could be accepted (our prime minister is already Slovak)
[Prague Castle] comes to mind first
Pinkat
So not sure she is good benchmark for this
There was this one map in the old Transport Tycoon - it was a big island with all land on sea level except on the shore that was a 1 square wide dyke all around
Germany or Ireland don't even come close
Also expensive to visit
Fake monks
But people here live in fantasy world
It is
You can mix any two existing swear words together and it sounds awesome
Aaaw thats sounds so cute
I have a friend who had to do required continuing education, and she has to pay for it
We cannot agree whether communism was good or bad so anyone from this era kinda fails
not the commie mommie
And Mc Bucek (Mc Bacon) which was basically a cheeseburger with piece of bacon.
I'm supposed to pay a fee for this to the government, but fuck them.
The same, or garbage man or "You'll be digging holes".
Though I completely forgot how to shift
I do speak both languages (although my Greek is getting a bit rusty)
10% have not heard of Belarus
Comments expressing scepticism of immigration also do get downvoted quite often even when they are not expressing any openly racist/xenophobic views.
they're classified as sect/religion, and as such balance on the verge of a legal ban.
Least interesting
On elementary school we had fenced [cages] on every hallway
But I still hear people say "skype" (skypovat) for video calls in general, even though Skype isn't really popular anymore, right
My uncle owned one when I was a kid
can you explain more about how these shifts work
Can we keep refering to you as Upper Hungary
I was showing around a friend from Japan recently and haven't been to the center myself, since like high school and I was flabbergasted
But nationalism means putting your country's interests above the interests of other countries
Nobody speaks Latin as a native language but you cannot say it "disappeared".
for example
I can’t decide between the liberation of Prague, February 1948, and 1968
The picture goes well with anthropologic studies.
It's like ants thinking they are rivals with humans because they stepped on an anthill once
The country, at least for a tourist, looks awesome, clean
First is Slovenia, one step behind is Czech republic, one step behind is Estonia.
Bread had to be ordered, and 3 hour long lines for ham or chicken were the standard shopping experience
The first and last one are the same, it seems to me
From my very limited experience it seems 50/50.
Sastamala FIN
Probably not, I hope you enjoy the trip
and I found none
We are very dependant on trade with other countries in EU and if that stopped, we would become a 3rd world country
You know, people think it's only EE thing, but few years back when I was in Ireland (Cork and surrounding area), literally every single teenager was running around in some sort of tracksuit.
Palermo, no discussion
I fadely remember this
I mean, realistically it would be absolutely total chaos in every country
Facebook)
It started to stagnate when it was heavily fortified, meanwhile the inhabited right turn before Vienna (Brno) was free to grow
Don’t give in
Perhaps i/y in some names because surnames don't have to nevessarily follow the grammar rules
They came from South America
Are you trolling
And what exactly should more cooperation in defense mean?
After a cue do not repeat everything
We just wanna sit in our little valley and have everyone leave us alone cause when they try to 'help' we always get screwed.
Slovakia was under the Kingdom of Hungary for almost one millennium.
With current labor shortage, it's quite mindblowing why they don't exploit this potential of people who need to and would like to work part-time or 60%, 80%.
Sick days and food coupons are nice tho
I am student myself but I look closely on economic situations and politics in world
I don't think Orbán gives a crap about EPP to be honest.
Hypocrite
"Host" in czech also means Guesst :D
There is a quickly growing number of western foreigners in Prague, about 40 000 Americans in Prague alone.
“, or „nicméně“ and „buďme“ are pronounced „nidzméně“ and „buďme“ instead of „nicméně“ and „buťme“.
On monday we should get help from med students in last year of their studies
Usually I have around 300 czk which is about 10 €
It already melted :((
Desktop: stock windows 10 background
Any complaint filed under such mechanisms should be processed without undue delay and be
It will fall once the strong population groups move beyond fertile age
And literary every year are people complaining that Christmas shopping starts at late September/October
It feels extremely cramped and there's nowhere to move
You won´t find clear correlation.
Bohemia is very famous in games
Small irrelevant countries stay independent while the big players slowly unite.
I usually go straight to English and maybe check the Czech version for terminology or something like that
I go over there every year for a vacation
Eating too late
It is a small part of big [neogothic kitsch]
> The American Civil War was not about slavery
Oh I remember this one time I got invited to a "Russia-themed" party by a girl from Scotland
Or maybe just more concerned with hiding it Id say
Remember when this was the biggest embarasment of Czechia back then
I see
Yup, drak for both
Also, we had heated argument in Italian
Hopefully it will be stripped down back to only economic union
I for one am going to take the giant leap of suggesting the US and Germany should be friends
You basically need to have a relative there or find someone to live with you and share the cost, otherwise you won't be able to afford it as a student or someone without large savings
And my history teacher was wrong :) Still iconic tho, for both countries
I had a massive headache about 3 hours into my time there because I just had to be on high alert 100% of the time in case an idiot on a bike came flying down my way at speed
It's stranger
Until recently, this shorter version had not have an offical English translation.
They are without ideology, they scan public opinion and target voters not covered by other parties and then they target them with marketing tools
Or so the Party claims)))
Don't worry about it, it is a clusterfuck for us too
Their main thing is being socially conservative and appealing to their dedicated old christian voter base, which has been shrinking so they get around 5% of the vote these days
There is very low number of poor economic migrants or refugees.
Oh man, thats cool
Most of them returned within a year.
They had to prove, that they were anti-nazi.
It is, but never saw someone enforcing it
Btw, our gun laws arent really lenient, theyre just well made and balanced
> First of all,do you believe that this actually exists and do you believe also that it is possible in the future that this common identity could be the basis of a hypothetical "European state/federation" ?
Yes, Pálení čarodějnic
Don't tell others what they should or shouldn't do
To be honest, during the war many church leaders showed a great courage and were on a way to regain the trust of the nation
Well another Austrian or German guy would probably come and try to conquer half of Europe anyway, because of the situation Germamy found itself in
The former, I suppose
I didn't like when English speakers would shorten the name to just "Czech". And I kinda like annoying other Czechs by saying Czechia/Česko all the time, TBH
The absolute minimum in Czechia, required by law, is 1,4M€.
It is mandatory in school (plus one additional language - most schools offer German, Russian and Spanish or French).
Probably simply gulaschsuppe in Austria.
I haven't saw it anywhere, I should look around
Anyway, most of the unknown words are not words people use in daily casual conversations - often times it's more technical stuff, names of plants etc
And Kristina (or rather Kristýna) is pretty common too.
He covers up for his band of criminals in presidents office
If you wanna know more about situation before and after, search "Prague spring" and "normalization in Czechoslovakia".
>you're jealous of the sea
Teenagers here drink something that is called cider quite often, but it has nothing to do with actual cider/cidre/sidra that is popular in Britain/northern France/northern Spain, it's just a super sweet beverage for those who want to drink something soft but don't fancy beer or wine for some reason.
Well, we did give the world the words pistol and howitzer
Same in Czechia, goose with wine is the best thing about my nameday
And I thought we have premature Christmas when all shops start selling decorations in November
Not just if YOU got the most of it
// update, over 11k yesterday, we are fucked
The difference here is that this is the coat of arms of a family, not a town or region.
Hrochův Týnec (hippo's town - not sure how to translate Týnec),
It's very rare, I don't think I know a single person who has one
Similar question was asked recently.
You can hear British laughing to memes in distance
I like the language, and the cars they used to make
" haha
Have taxpayers paid for the hotel and 44 apartments as well?
It was the capital of HRE for 9 months, whenthe emperor Rudolph II moved there because of plague
Same with "mess" being one of the reasons :D My mother luckily didn't blame teenage me for it, she just considered cooking fails a natural part of college life/early 20s, she'd joke about stuff like "don't worry, when I first invited your father for dinner, I made him spaghetti with ketchup and I thought that was so impressive"... My grandparents would ask if I went to the mensa regularly, so that "I'd have at least one hot meal a day", the idea of cooking as a student didn't exist to them I guess
Most of them have been removed, and the rest should be torn down with haste
So the actual number of people who died is lower
alza.cz for online shopping, mostly electronics
You'd think Melania has taught Trump Slovene at least.
"When you forget how many beers you have had, So you ask the bartender… 12, that's cool"
- but even with many other REASONS why we should ALL go to vote this time, but - unless we want to be deceived, cheated and robbed AGAIN - DON'T VOTE for any of the ruling parliamentary parties of this (post)-Communist criminal "cop"-ocracy
Czech wikipedia seems only good for stuff relating to Czech Republic and I do not look that up often
This reminds me of Ukrainian friend
Eurostat doesn´t have your data from year 2008.
Now people finally got the memo that both the Sun and tanning beds give you cancer, or worse, make your skin age, so the only young people with a tan are gonna be Instagram models with a regular self-tanner regime
After so many years of wars, the population is starting to question our aggressive foreign policy, and this is part of that conversation.
The question is whether you include these three countries as well
Probably Switzerland
Stůl (pronounced stool) is table in Czech :-----(
Don't judge the whole Poland based on the current government's actions.
This goes with political participation.
The rest of the world
They should be moved to very rural areas.
Tokyo, Osaka, Yokohama, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Kyoto, Sapporo, Kawasaki, Nagoya, Fukushima and Kokura if that counts
I think he knows what he’s talking about
Anyone who thinks this has clearly never been to the UK, Germany or Belgium.
I live in a town with population about 50,000 people so I was very surprised
Normal people don't care about that kind of thing that much
Maybe pivo doesn't mean "drinkable thing" today, but it did maybe several hundreds years ago
At the same time, he for example thinks that an EU army would be a good thing.
... And yeah, few years after that, Czechoslovakia was no more
Thanks to our brothers and sisters from Slovakia for Korbáčiky
The votes look pretty scattered, are people scattered there or are their views unaligned
The "sono cieco / ceco" joke still hasn't been done to death
And that is basically it
100 CZK - ten cheapest beers including bottle deposit, from this deposit you can buy additional three beers including deposit, and from deposit of these three you can buy one more beer but it is not enough for deposit so you have to drink it at the shop
Well slovak, it sounds way more fluent than czech
That's like a trivial solution and thus it's uninteresting.
Yes, they were really extraordinary men
If there was a referendum in the nineties, the split would probably not have happened.
Here I am, drinking water from the tap like a peasant...
A perfectly valid sentence
An escape tunnel going down to the town river was uncovered a few years back going from the Old Castle
memorials of soldiers who died on your soil are OK in my book
I understand the anger they have, but they should direct it towards Westminster.
I's in stark contrast with China
Slovakia - Slovaks live in their lands probably since 7-8th century, but history of their independent state starts in 1939 with collaboration with Nazis
why doesnt Lidl just use German in all of its advertising?
I have a Germanic surname and English first name yet I am generic Czech
There's a pretty big difference in at what age the kids are first divided into those schools, though, in Czechia it's around age 15 and Germany typically does it much earlier
If a country is invaded, we have no choice but to respond or else all our other defense commitments are questioned.
There is also no guarantee that we would not end up behind the Curtain
Read the document, it's just whinge over anything changing.
Western Digital made some decent caviar once
Well
The closest thing to chavs here are probably gypsies or the people in cities that stick around them
But the people's estimate is also more [ill conditioned] for places where the actual ratio is small.
Haha, i feel this
It was literally after the 9/11, it might be a different world back then, but the fear was still there.
Vepřová (pork),
za dvacku pívo, co víc bys chtěl prosimtě?
Just before covid, I made a three-day trip to Krakow and Birkenau with a friend, and I want to go back so bad, then continue to more cities
_Kolonizace_ is a modern word, while _kolonisace_ is archaic
Very hard, no soft sounds
The economic growth comes in waves, so while I agree that we could really have many more immigrants right now, the situation might be very different 5 years later.
If sanctions, then on the ruling members.
When I was around 9-10 years old I regularly visited collectors exchanges with my Dad who used to collect plastic model kits and I sold there Kinder Surprise toys and Matchbox cars.
I don't think so
V BOJI MEZI DOBREM A ZLEM, PRAVDOU A LŽÍ, NELZE BÝT NEUTRÁLNÍ A PŘESTO ZŮSTAT SLUŠNÝ!!! Proto děkujeme za Vaši podporu
Never heard that one
There is also ČVUT, which is mostly tech oriented
(from Wikipedia)*
As long as it is possible to export the goods, local buyers have to remain competitive with external offers.
Czech Republic here, also my vote goes to the pirate party,  and many friends and acquaintances also will vote for them
I think this is some leftover from ages we really didn't have in europe.
I mean it's choose your poison type of deal so might as well try the option you haven't tried yet.
Not a weapon, just trying stuff
Ideally, pretty much any of the  "dark green" countries would be great (Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, France, possibly northern Germany, New Zealand, Canada,...), I'm not too attached to any particular place
There is a yt channel which documents good and bad places here in the czech republic - [
Sometimes there were misunderstandings, sometimes they needed to repeat themselves slower or explain certain expressions but it was possible and it offered them a unique insight to each others' culture and their relatedness
Then probably the St
* **Jižní město (The Southern City):** A grey, graffitti and crime infested hellhole where pensioners slowly crawl around old communist high-rise high-capacity buildings and further into oblivion
As well as Constitutional Court and Supreme Administrative Court
However, I prefer more health than money
It was a religious uprising that happened after Jan Hus was executed
What about Litle Arsington
You should be able to point exactly at the nationality that is stealing most of your jobs /s.
>is their relation with religion
Some retail workers would gladly get more money from weekend shifts however a lot of retail employers would often bully employees into taking weekends and late nights while forcing contractor agreements on them so they wouldn’t have to pay weekend and night shift bonuses
*"Haló?"*, *"Ano?"* (Yes?) or *"Prosím?"* (Please?), eventually *"Slyším."* (I'm listening) but it's almost a bit rude.
IMDB: [
It goes both ways, you start using less formal language when talking to the staff, talk about various things and maybe joke around as well a bit too and being generally more comfortable around them
I feel like most people figured it out themselves
I mean
How do you view Gypsies and Muslims?
My experience is that they learn our language very quickly and are educated, or come here to study.
Also the commie hungarians and nationalistic poles got their heads kicked in but we didn't manage to get all the territory we wanted to 'reclaim'.
> Don't you hate Youtube auto title & description translations to your local language
Not sure, probably neutral
In addition, their beer consumption and porn production would have also increased.
Only 49 out of more than 4000 elementary schools in this country are religious
That many
The only option I see, is the way of "finlandization" - getting closer to west, but keeping open relation with Russia.
I was like: finally, hello germans welcome to 21st century
Well youre right but when you learn about this part of Czech history the schools will probably just tell you that Czechoslovakian legions were good and that they were "our" freedom fighters and that the Austrian Germans were terrible oppressors
We need to get Pirates and Greens to parliament.
Choking on his porridge :-) this is much better article than I expected
about 2EUR daily contribution to meal vouchers
Rudolph II, Joseph II, Maria Theresa
Just more complicated due to all the wars, envy and disparity
You can't deny that a certain amount of people in the UK really strongly dislike EEs and that perhaps some of these people feel encouraged by Brexit to show their hatred.
Lots of it depends on the train availability
we have word host, that means guest
stupid lol
I've always held ths profession in high regard
Some of the names in Harry Potter are translated too, but mostly in a really clever way that is helpful for younger readers and keeps with the meaning
Then it's the same as in my mother tongue _kohout_:
And even this is one of the remotest places to ski in Europe from Czech republic it took us less time to get there than almost everything in Alps.
Tss, they don't even have Metro
Now no fortress against him doth remain,
In Czech otrok means slave
Felix crusti dies
Just no, especially not to mass murderers like Stalin and Lenin
UK is like a man standing on a bridge.
What's more badass than completely blind king of Bohemia charging on his horse against enemies in first line with two long swords tied to his hands
Sex trafficking
A real Islam believer or any person born in a society dominated by Islam?
- etc
Our ministers meet more or less before every summit and try work out a common stance, they don't always succeed, but that doesn't mean V4 is a joke.
Did you not hear about the angry parents who named their daughters Daenerys
* PT: Obrigado
Máj is lyric-epic composition written by Karel Hynek Mácha
However I have never met anyone whose native language wasn't Slavic who would pass for native Czech
so you know it's not intended as second-class product.
>And some people want it abolished
He did lead the biggest movement for freedom after fall of communism in Czechoslovakia, but right now he's a retired politician who just tweets antilgbt lowkey racist stuff
The creator holds conversations between different Slavic people, transcribing everything what is said including translation to English
It seems France just has a massive population of people living in it that hates the country
Which was really expectable, but the Lockdown crowd just ignored the warnings
In case you really need to convey the idea of *this* object, you use a demonstrative pronoun
Instead, all he sees are 20-something member states, each with their own military and policies.
So is average of ~1
Press "G" to gentrify
Could you elaborate on what you think about the work culture?
Alternatively, you can use any other OSM renderer, like osm
We don't like being considered Western European either or yes, we are impressed when somebody calls us Western European but it's not that we would actually feel a part of it
Even though Germans knew what crimes their SS and Nazi officials did after war ended
I'm learning German but you know through one ear and out the other one.
Bordel, co
happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear /u/RafaRealness, happy birthday to you!
Your posts in this thread indicate to me that you personally have some issue with this and you are projecting it onto the whole country
Czech Republic > Czechia, it just IS better
Do you even know what was Molotov-Ribbentrop about
the same in Prague, one of the reasons why it is disliked is that the average wage in Prague is 30% higher than in the country
Do you want to know whether Russian government attempts to pressure Czech government or are you asking how they ordinary Czechs feel about the potentional threat from Russia?
25 000 people dead from crashes, 400 000 from pollution in the EU every year, totally not a death pit
It's nonsensical to worry about naturally limited spots
I mean the bible is quite against homosexuals, so by the same logic we should ban it.
it has also interesting [interior] from the [60s] So, it can give you villain movie vibe from 60s and 70s.
* SK: Ďakujem
As you can see from the poll result, he's way on pace to being the next prime minister.
I have personal experience with British tourists in many countries I was to and the drinking problem is very prevalent
It shows that our people are eager to fight together
How mean of a fun is it, if yes?
but please keep your mozartkugeln
There are some bonuses attached to it like discounts on electronics, but the point is data are expensive if you don't care about the other stuff
Just a note, October 28th 1918 is the date Czechoslovak Republic got independent after the breakup of Austia-Hungary
But saying it's *technically* celebrated isn't a falsehood, otherwise we'd all have to go to work
Or Serbia or Lithuania
a language which is almost completely distinct from any other in Europe and that has been spoken since at least the bronze age in Ireland and the 4th century (conservative estimate) in Scotland should be allowed - or even encouraged - to die out through inaction.
the Czech mountains are really softcore.
For example, are you, the Baltics, ok with deeper fiscal integration with the Southern Europe.
We are out of options then
Okonomyaki is thankfully not terribly difficult to make
You wish for Eastern Europeans to team up with Western European centrists, but at the same time, you (as a centrist) would not risk your life for them and say they backstabbed Western Europe.
5%.]
It's okay mate, we all make mistakes
Same here
* Vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč.
Late in Hussite wars they split up into several groups, and there was a battle where both sides built fortresses and waited for the other side to attack
We won’t have questions like “what do you think of America/Americans” anymore
Scandinavian school systems are used as examples of successful non-discriminatory school systems here, exactly because there is no way to separate the smarter kids from the rest
Since 1901, there has been a test range of cannons assembled in Skoda in the center of Pilsen, and even before the First World War, ammunition was also produced here
I force Youtube to use English locale, so that likely disables the feature
Crassus
You'll need to elaborate a tad, I don't really understand what you mean.
Can confirm, girl from a class is using it as filler word and I always stop for a sec when I overhear her saying it
LOL
Now I can see that we're not only dangerously close to Germany in terms of geographical distance but also in terms of edit* distance.
2 Not applicable as long as Italy & EU are signatories to laws of the seas
- million = milión (the same)
Karlovarské knedlíky (bread-and-herbs-enhanced d.)
Who the fuck is that woman googled at Czechia?
Still enough to cause the ski-hungry Pragueners wreck their cars though
Such description (blazon) enables to create (paint) a coat of arms without seeing it before.
Cursive first
I think Germany is exporting weapons to so many countries all around the world and I mean to countries that really just want them for protection
I don't know how it will go in Slovakia in that case with its nationalism.
The point is, we were persuading the US, not the other way around.
The whole area of Prague's old town as the playground, wouldn't even need to "shrink it" like they do with the rest of the cities
Many sketches and catchphrases became popular and are still used and remembered.
Considering the low unemployment, finding a job shouldn't be too difficult for those people
Doesn't even have to be that
If it had fewer meanings, how would one alphabet be enough for them
yearly production is around 2 millions barrels
Controversial opinion incoming: While is is sad that so many africans were killed because of him, he was a good ruler for Belgium so his statues should be left alone
That's interesting, what's your language
This isn't a freedom of the speech issue.
I guess **kinda sort of center-left** is the best way to describe it.
Then in high school, only like half the lessons needed books that were actually useful and I started combining notebooks to fit more than one lesson
We can say "Je mi to u prdele" which means "That's by my ass". Otherswise and worse "Mám to v píči" - "I have it in my cunt". Otherwise and more civil, "Je mi to jedno/egal/fuk" - "That's no matter to me
Thats why they did their best to keep the Democrats from taking their posts in Slovakia, through any emans necessary (harassment, illegal arrests through the StB, trying to associate them with the L'udova strana that was active during WW2)
But Finish nature is awsome and you can have some untouched places, unlike middle europe where you will find village every 5km
And good for them, probably
Nope
Well
I think this year was politically bizzare enough already.
His parents have also been very chill with me, I expected to be judged for some things about myself, but not at all
Went there over 10 years ago as a kid (I was 10 at the time) so I don't remember most of the details, but I remember loving the nature and some of the cities and stuff.
Budějovice  are 8
Give Crimea back to Greeks or Turks, who had the peninsula way earlier than you.
Charles University
what the parents want or what they know from their immediate community
I think that this result is probably better for the Republican party
But since "eastern" mindset calls for highest profit margins in shortest ammount of time locally produced big brands just cut corners where they can
Romanian
It was last year, my parents got those electing bicycles and I wanted to try it
I've always thought it's made of rats...
There's a reason Czechs were nicknamed "Laughing Beasts" by Nazi occupants
Is there an evidence that Russia rigged referendum in Crimea?
I read somewhere that there are two types of poles - those born with a bottle in their hand who drink all their life and die of lung cancer and those born with cigarette in their hand who smoke all their life and die of liver cirrhosis
The pro-EU propaganda circlejerk on this sub is real
It's like 3 times cheaper than here
Or even sooner, there are some programs for only 2 years but that's mostly for people who really can't manage more education
Chile
That being sad, it usually doesn’t really have negative connotations
It is an honor to be on this list
Velkopolska
I hope Russia can change its stance on LGBT
>Listening to Austrian radio was illegal,
If the laws are bad, EU politicians will blame the national politicians
*This info might be unreliable as all the websites talking about surnames can't actually access up-to-date info from our government and they state that there are only two thousands of people with this surname while 7 years ago there were above twenty thousands
Just use Uber
Submisive society is not teached to make decisions or to be active but to keep pre-designed order and to expect punishment if not.
I get that we were all part of Austria empire, but yk I think he is not austrian 'national here'. Sadly he is not national hero of Czech Republic either
It's not gonna replace Finnish or any other language
\- "Basically Russia"
Fuck censorship, even if it is for the "greater good".
I think Ö3 was the main one
Prague is the most important city of the Balkans and also its center
Both nations experienced different turbulences and hights during their long history.
P.S.: We can understand Poland little bit, but Slovak language is like Czech language and conversely
...you know I go on reddit to ESCAPE depression right
There was only one class that used Teams for lectures and the internal school system for exercises on a regular basis, even the final exam was online
"Malovat čerta na zeď" - to paint a demon on the wall, meaning being too pessimistic
The definition of paper is rather clear, and it's definitely not a thing from Egypt
Ariane 6 is basically an Ariane 5 ME with some spit and polish.
If they wore jeans in public the might get kicked out of school
Is [this] best clothing against drop bear
Not so long ago Prague public transport rules said front doors are just for exiting the bus and boarding just in case you are elderly, disabled etc
But it has enough muscle to send TAF back to stone age
Imagine being born into a place your parents call Macedonia and calling you a Macedonian when suddenly some foreign guy start telling you that you cannot just because they have the same name for one of their own regions.
Surname is mostly inherited from father (if married)
When we Czechs surely are at least low level racist, jumping to racism because girls were cold to you in bar is hilarious in its megalomania
Yep :D
You said that
If you’re really brave and would like to try to say it, this could help you: [ˈtr̝̊ɪsta ˈtr̝̊ɪt͡sɛt ˈtr̝̊ɪ ˈstr̝̊iːbr̩niːx ˈstr̝̊iːkat͡ʃɛk ˈstr̝̊iːkalo pr̝̊ɛs ˈtr̝̊ɪsta ˈtr̝̊ɪt͡sɛt ˈtr̝̊ɪ ˈstr̝̊iːbr̩niːx ˈstr̝̊ɛx]
Bottled water is the most sold thing in my local Tesco, but many people do drink tap water
He would keep them in small porcelain cup
Same
My mum and her friend returned their cards right on Monday after the events of the 17th November
A [generic sunset] from The Witcher 3
Or do you seriously think that the Favorit, Felicia and 1st gen Fabias and Octavias were the pinnacle of Czech automaking
Also if you wanted to exit through first door and not being from these groups you would got first some death stare from driver saying "you want to use THESE doors
Too many idiots think that the economy is somehow supposed to grow (and pensions along with it) during a global recession
Serbia: Just passed through Beograd when travelling from Bulgaria and woke up for a while
Well, Czechs do that locally, too
Probably much older
We have male and female surnames here
Sharing this experience
Pretty much anything prescribed is either free or really cheap
Plus we got the akward backward number telling 26 = 6 and 20, which I personally find slightly unpleasant
It is 100% correct description of Czechs in general
That's definitely not the case in the Czech Republic, at least not yet - we as a company use approx.
Well, you have to jump through hoops to get any non-standard names approved at *matriční úřad*, and "incorrect spelling" is specifically listed as something they're not okay with
Is it normal to eat rabits in your country ?
Two French (20c, 1c) and one Greek (20c).
Maláka malákia malaká malakía.
They can't accept enlightenment princples and stay  faithful Muslims
If that were true, we would not have sold the F-35 to Turkey...
You're definitely not the number 1 in all of these.
Though we do have a *lot* of words we took from German
Boggles my mind
They are dying in Idlib
Except a bit differently - drevokocúr.
Not me but I know a kid and one his parents is Spanish and the other one is Czech and his parents use German when they talk to each other
Are you trolling
This is our home after all
That's completely different
If this is avarage Erdogan supporter, I feel really sorry for Turkey.
Both are thumbs but the toe is called feet thumb
Ostrava - pollution, everyone speaks super fast, with Polish like accent, poor
I think it's an Anglosphere thing too.
at least
And the fact that the massacres agains the Germans are probably more recognized than the ones against Roma people tells a pretty bleak picture about our own awareness of our history
Calling everybody Austrian in the whole empire would be very bold anyway
Not only r but l as well
But Moravia would create ugly eastern protrusion.
) we know it as Ostřihom, the one on the Danube across the bridge to Štúrovo, Slovakia
It's not very uncommon but depends on your financial status too
I do very much prefer trains as opposed to any other means of transport, even the way the are now
Yeah, I definitely wrote that in the most optimistic voice I could muster
yeah...I don't get it either...
I love it
Was this the case of a good intention that got hijacked by corporate interests or Art
This is not brutalism
More like "is forming dialectal continuum with the western Ukrainian dialects".
Why would that make any difference
Many single 25 year olds still live with the families, or on a property they inhereted or got from their family, and with how much rents are increasing in cities, we're only gonna go back towards less independence
How difficult was it in the 90s to speak with locals in German/English
we say he smokes like plaster hedgehog
What is the population of the European Union?
Trus in Czech means excrement
I used to think Czech politics are boring af, but after Babis took office, it got much more interesting
the fellowship
Digging in our backyard will not reveal some fascinating artifacts (unless you are superlucky, but in general these areas are elsewhere) but just some abandoned cemetery or some abandoned stuff dated up  to 15th -16th century (or older if you are lucky)
Czechs rightfully believe their manufacturing and agriculture are extremely well developed, only to forget how tightly those things are integrated into the EU single market...
As for the Kurds, I fear that it's too late for them too
First gay couple cleared to adopt in Czechia
They often won't be particularly nice to you and you often wait for a long time in a waiting room
Most of people actually support our PM (not me tho)
Yeah, it is the main reason for sure.
And recycle all plastic instead of putting it in rubbish (trash) bins
People will either bring their own food from home or will go to a canteen or restaurant
Economy says that climate change is the biggest business opportunity, dont worry, everyone want´s to have their piece of pie
Such as our prime minister kidnapping his son who was involved with him stealing 2 million euro from the EU to Crimea so he couldn't testify against him
Here's probably his most famous works, [St Barbara Church] in Kutná hora and [Pilgrimage Church of St John of Nepomuk]
I wouldn't call anything further than 1
Given how often I see Lauterbrunnen on Reddit, I'm surprised it's not overcrowded with Redditors
Czech media help this a lot
I'll take her, send me pics and then mail her here.
Some countries, Czech Republic included, have discounted fares for students and the elderly
As a good ol' bitter Czech I have noone to thank cuz everyone sucks/sucked
The club I was member of was founded by former scouts in 1970s when scouting was banned, but we did not rejoin it after 1989 because we developed our own traditions meanwhile
Well if someone doesn't accept a multi-speed europe, that amounts to forcing other countries to maintain the situation as is.
I think only positive thing is we can work together and help each other to provide protective equipment for everyone if state was not able to
This photo has a high meme potential
Russia will never allow it to align with the West, even if preventing that requires a direct military intervention
I'd be very pleased, it's one of the things locals very appreciate, especially since our language isn't a foreign language people usually learn at school.
That said, the Czech national TV can be horribly biased, but they produce some nice documentaries
But this is problem in every EU country i guess
I don't really understand americans that they have no problem with only 2 major parties.
As a white european woman I'm way more likely to be attacked by someone I know instead of a random refugee/migrant.
Sure, that's a necessary condition
Most European countries have a lot of similarities to their neighbours, or at least neighbouring areas of those neighbours
> "одеть Надежду, надеть одежду"
Dad is dyslexic and one language is apparently enough for him
complaint and redress mechanisms allowing users to complain about the steps taken with regard
"Private gun ownership is not allowed in Europe"
2 of them are on opposite sides of Prague, 1 in Brno and 1 in Ostrava
Negative concord
and when I hear about good old times, yes people were young and their boners solid but you were fine if you didn't object to what bad things were happening around you, weren't religious, your parents had good records and much more (greatparents not landowners, siblings/uncles not ran to the West) so you were permitted to study, didn't mind your income being 10-20%? of the same person behind line (not sure, but if you tried to cross that line, good chance is that you'd be killed)
You can't seriously expect to solve a complex issue with a simple solution
You actually care about Eurovision
The thread failed to answer why supporting refugees is better for the economy than digging holes and filling them back up.
That's the reason I'm more in favor of Schulz than Merkel.
Though in my family, much to my friends' amusement, we use the word "fakan" neutrally to mean just "child".
Another limitation are working hours.
*Moravák detected*
Mentality back in the day makes me shudder.
He isn’t a communist, nor are his buddies from STB, they are just cronies - oligarch wannabes - with enough power and dirt to push his agenda
A lot of people say they do it "for kids to have fun" (and usually just torture the carps, my little brother once straight up poisoned them - he poured them the washing powder to "eat") and it is terrible, especially if they keep the carps for like day or even more
based on the map I am not sure if we should learn german or you czech :D
unlimited bandwidth plan at $120
Thanks, nice
Thanks Romania, Albania and (Yugoslavia) for refusing to take part in the invasion of Czechoslovakia by the Warsaw Pact troops in 1968
They as indeed delicious
Yes, and its crazy
He should've congratulated Joe Biden too, just for the memes
Sometimes we're too rebels, but usually it's very useful
But once I got on, the muscle memory kicked in and I was going somewhat fine
Yeah, it pops up from time to time, especially among people with strong "slavic nations unite" or "fuck EU" mentality
You just need to build more bunkers.
So many people are misinformed by this.
I think we're just superior
(That mess in Hong Kong is them btw)
000 e-mails about this topic"
Host in Czech means guest, so i get that mixed up quite often
The only person who I've ever met that does that would be my Czech grandmother, maybe twice a year
I see, because one of the two comentators spoke Slovak in Czech dubbing
A souhlas
"Kokoko" is sound hens make in czech, so these sentences sound bit like chicken in a coop to me.
we had Mc Smazak (Mc Fried Cheese) something like Mc Fish but with Fried Cheese instead of fish.
I saw another one in thread below.
The temperature was around 25°C. But tomorrow
In Prague, Latvia, and Estonia, even Russian was often enough.
Here's a real [example]
Since, you know, why would you ever need to spell something, unless it is maybe a foreign name/place
Hungary: Maďarsko (because of Magyars, but older name Uhry related to Hungary was also used
I thought Fidesz is populist, it seems that this would hurt their voters the most
Well, I want to keep our currency just from patriotic point of view.
Or we could build [the tunnel] under Austria [we planned]
I think it makes no sense for English to not have a shortened version when it has one for almost any other country
But your affection to M-B looks to me far beyond...
Lonja de la seda hands down
Swimming classes at elementary school are not mandatory here but strongly encouraged by the Ministry of Education and have a long tradition since 60's.
No idea why it's missing from the map
There is and thank god for that, but the brain drain is very much real.
We get to use in many cases decade old books (that will likely be used for another decade).
Lot of Czech people are not really fond of it but I personally like it, even though it sounds a bit dorky (I've heard several times that Czechia sounds like a fictional country from a Wes Anderson movie).
It has much more interesting history than Brno, and it used to be capital of Moravia
Everybody in higher tiers will look down on you
Also - Populists (30 percents here) and Stalinists
News articles comment sections and the comments under Facebook posts are prime examples
They will forget you as soon as they get off the metro
They are also unfortunately the worst Tom & Jerry episodes by far.
> basically the kind of handwritting most people came to on their own anyway
Which like that looks (with different pronunciation) like Czechs using English word (ostrov in Czech)  for Czech name of non-Czech and non-English country
I think he argued that if you consider the failures of the US central bank, there would be less harm done if you would just dish out x% inflation every year.
I don't know
Totally fits
End ajem very hepy ded tudej aur juropyjen femyly is sou stonk end junajtyd
Ah, ok, that clears it up
The soundtrack was good, but other than that it's nothing we haven't seen many times before
OP didnt say it is wrong, he is just shocked.
Prague (1
The varieties are Golden Delicious, Granny Smith, Idared, Red Chief, Pinova, Red Prince, and then some just labeled as "red" and "organic apples, mix".
But the man luring people into the water, drowning them and storing their souls is more known
Litter, drunk tourists vomiting in the streets and ugly advertising are indeed just minor symptoms of what happened to the whole area's property structure
Personally it sounds a little too close to "Чехия" which is the Russian name for Czech Republic, and this brings up rather unfortunate associations
It has been for us for decades haha
I was primarily interested in sex when I was 16, not planning bomb attacks.
Also I've heard, that they once wrote "...toilet will be constipated
-Kery (Comedy)
Some English words are just plain weird, whereas German is mostly consistent
And you don't want an angry person sticking steel instruments into your mouth
Nice to know that Italian mountains are eco-friendly
>Beneš tried to coup the government in 1948, the takeover by the KSČ was in some form a "counter-coup"
I see, because one of the two comentators spoke Slovak in Czech dubbing
Almost everyone picked Spanish because "German was the language of the Nazis and Spanish is spoken by maaany more people".
I wouldn’t say Czech law is similar as American one
It was kind of a fancy thing, not that many Czech schools had lockers at the time, but I think they're quite common nowadays
It's horror poem about a girl not being careful enough, being kidnapped by vodník into the lake, him marrying her and having child with her
Okay, 30-Years War and the Hussites have both been mentioned, so I'll go for the less obvious choice - **the Protectorate**.
r/badparenting
and for some reason just diameter, when need tyres, width is in millimeters, diameter in inches...
Lot of people still don't take it very seriously
why would you do that
([not just] On November 16, 2019, 300000 people [demonstrated] for his resignation, and he still did not resign
None of these parties appeal to me in any way, shape or form.
I had trouble even getting on it and getting going
Your post history isn't exactly stellar either
I'll keep that in mind
Hmm no, it slowly grows since year 2000
Their capitals create huge agglomerations.
If the quality of food they serve is there is anywhere near the stuff they gave me in the local hospital, the spoon is well placed
The benefits are the same as they were since the beginning.
Some discounts here and there, list is quite huge from theaters to coffee places, including access to Makro (known as Metro Cash & Carry elsewhere)
There are exceptions of course, every city usually has on average 2 gypsies who have a job and are reasonable
What's up with the map projection
It doesn't really matter whether the house has carpets or not.
It's almost like there's a need among certain WE circles to have a handy term to designate a place "the Other Europe".
€23 monthly = 4GB data + unlimited calls and SMS
[that's where you're wrong freunde]
If they meet with a bigger group, they say like "hi, how are you
We have a game called dostihy a sázky (horse races And bets) And its like monopoly But with horses
English is such a boring and barebones language
It kind of reminds me of the "Hyphen War" (a very serious debate over the spelling of Czechoslovakia vs
blue notebook - blank pages (without lines or squares)
> Username czech_your_republic
Safe to say English wouldn't be taught on European schools :D
The next large-ish interaction between our nations was during the 1840s as Pan-Slavism gained its brief popularity, though that was an interaction in a much broader scale and not limited to just Czechs and Slovaks alone
It took Monopoly, simplified it a bit (not that much diversity in horse racing) and made it acceptable for a population living in a planned economy
4) Brugges, Belgium
Before that, beer was usually literally cheaper than a glass of (sparkling) water
Angela, I'm so disappointed in you (I think, it's mostly because of her conservative party members).
I'd also like to see the answers to:
Ok, in this scenario I find the fully globalized world as a prerequisite, at least very important.
^Yes, ^I ^am ^a ^bit ^salty ^about ^it
Napoleon would be proud
What is a dark fact about your country not many people know about
People don't realise it, but the stylistics between the two languages is very different, not to mention Czech grammar which for Slovaks seems to be quite difficult to master (they make tons of mistakes which make them look like someone who failed primary school, it's that bad)
I think that's the motto of our current goverment.
Standardized mail-in or electronic voting for citizens living in other EU countries
The fleur de lys is such a nice symbol, why'd the state stop using it
I was pretty shocked that what sounds like Yennü is actually Jenny
I understand I'm in a minority, but I find the quite literal obsession with cannabis that some people have unhealthy and quite honestly pathetic (for the record, same goes for all drugs)
Maybe because majority of Czechs in WWI died fighting for "wrong" side
Večerníček
Otrok in Czech means slave too
They tried to introduce the same stupid stuff like in the US by banning guns based on their looks
Tick-borne diseases kill about 6 a year
During the crisis it grew up to 45%.
Big part about those elections was that communists actually went around houses where people didn't vote in previous elections and threatened in certain ways to force people into voting for communist party next time.
hahaha, the Chinese are very much like Americans.
Couldn't find anything from international sources, but [here] is the Ukrainian source.
Best car on the normal market
Simply happening to fall in love with (or being attracted to) adolescent while still being into "adults" is not Ephebophilia
Best beer in the world, And all those sausages
> The thing is, even without Masaryk, we would be autonomous or independent today
I have endured Brexit and Trump but this is just too much
It took until 2009 for the countries to exchange diplomatic notes
That's why I found it weird when the OP was saying that it's just the Polish who get the negative attention, when in fact Brits don't really make any difference between Poles and the other EE nations.
In Czech Latvia is Lotyšsko and Lithuania is Litva, its confusing af
And second, I feel like Eastern Europe lacks a very strong voice in EU matters and we feel kinda left out of the european politics.
LMFAO Czechia
I planned on going there (the Alta Via 2 trail, around 150km and approx
I remember the episode a bit differently.
Do we even have any statues of Stalin left
The bigger sets range from 1000 - 3000 Kč (40€ - 120€)
Czech country, which is softer than the american one, has some popularity.
That means we have won 100% of naval battles in Czechoslovak history
And also there was/is US navy, which is really close to Russia's naval base in annexed Crimea.
That may be a little long stretch from times of Czechoslovakia where TV had almost half Czech half Slovak hosts
Half of those Daesh fighters won't be able to point out Israel on the map.
Does your country have some kind of maps, that people use outside of Google maps/Bing maps
Only Bratislava
I am geniunely curious ... Like to me this thing just lacks any sort of decency or *nuance*. I can just imagine the architect told the builders to just slap random vaguely fantasy looking things on the house everywhere they could ... I think this is just another piece of highly kitschy bussiness baroque
Funniest thing is that we export more into Taiwan or Russia than to China
In czech it ist a toast And not anything liek thank you
French, because omelette du fromage
Why
Latin, Greek, French, German, Russian, Spanish (Mandarin
From a cost perspective, buying a small trailer is the best
/r/the_donald and other scum decided that they need to "red-pill" Europe.
The guys with their own table are the top tier, a sort of local nobility, they have likely been frequenting the pub for twenty years or more and developed strong bonds between each other and between them and the staff so they don't let anyone easily among them just as you wouldn't really let anyone into your close group of friends
And less weird shit added to food in Austria
No job
who the fuck calls Austria Balkan?
Thats thin ice for Germans
Yeah, dedication, it takes some dedication here to get a licence but then youre almost free to buy w/e. I think the main difference is that the Czech Republic still isnt exactly rich country and guns were almost impossible to get for most people some 30 years ago
(Found a translated text of one of the previous versions
And concerning the awards you're wrong, I assume that you've probably used machine translation and it might be confusing.
It’s a beautiful day
It was a bit embarassing honestly
(staring at Hungary)
Some people here actually still keep their own .
In the play, "robots" was a name given to the artificial workers
What are you talking about
Otherwise I'm not aware of any specialty shop in my vicinity
Like who speaks Irish
Danish beer isn't bad at all
surprised, that this is coming from Erdogan
We will all be dead in a few years
My boyfriend is from Slovakia so we just trash our countries for fun all the time lol
&#x200B;
That fear of being ordered around once again will always be there and it will always be the biggest argument against it
I would call them hmmm - technocratic marketing populists
Im not sure that would solve the problem, we would just call them something else, warlords perhaps
Czech:
Other countries don't have rohlíky, therefore other countries shouldn't exist
Basically you need to go to see a doctor (a gynecologist) and he/she gives you perscription and then you can go to any pharmacy to pick up the pills (it's usually around 25-40 EUR for three months here, but the prices probably differ in each country).
They have an online dictionary and a website where people can send their questions, and we use their resources in academia all the time
in the former Sudetenland areas, this was further amplified by fearmongering about the deported Germans coming back and "taking your houses"... We didn't have any insight into changes that were going on in the West German and western European societies for 40 years
All 4 stores, with 3 more on their way, will give us meatballs and hours of pain
Younger people go to bigger cities to study or work, while older people either stay or get tired of the city hustle and move to a nicer house in the countryside
Personally I dont think it matters
Greece is a semi-dysfunctional state.
Also, please, don't call it Bohemia, you may piss off many Czechs from Moravia/Silesia, that's like saying "United States of America is too long, I'll just call it Texas"
Please do not attempt to spread this thinly veiled Communist propaganda
They also closed the pubs here
It is also scary
1st republic
I have such fond memories of hookah and backgammon in Turkey :)
It's the republican party
In my case it was Terezin, but I think there were two smaller ones as well, although I'm not quite sure if they've been kept around after the war.
What can you do
I've only seen one dog roaming around without its owner and it was 13 years ago, but I'm not sure if it was stray or just got lost
62.1% of Russian economy is services.
I can't imagine living without it
Is it good pizza
Mostly the a,o,u and just the letters with the double dots on top (I don't have an German keyboard on mobile sorry)
Russian is very useful in Eastern Europe, and anywhere else where the Russians has been historically
The Sudetes were not "given" to Czechoslovakia.
As was previously mentioned, there used to be a difference in how you pronounce those words but not anymore
Seen any map made after you fucked up the war in 1918
It's a bit hard to imagine with a fish, but it's interesting idea
The deal they have with his boss is that when he works overtime a lot, he can take that time off when hes waiting for others to do their part
Just wanted to say that I love your cheese and envy you the easy access to the Alp mountains
In reality, this is going to save money for established media corporations, because they won't have to track as much IP infringements, but won't matter for the little guys
You mean calqued
People think that lots of laws from European parliament are very "stupid" - so do I because sometimes when I heard about what they are voting about I am very amused.
No offense to your parents, but they seem to be pretty Čecháček/SPD kind of people in this story
) And stand in front of some school and spray vinegar and paint stuffs on kids' faces (appropriate stuffs like the name of your class, hearts, etc
Not really, here president is more of representative role, no real power, and especially no buttons for atomic warfare.
Imagine if every single immigrant in the West had to go through a vote before being allowed citizenship or permanent residence.
Also, in the broadest sense when a student steps onto campus they're consenting to the school's conduct policies, which typically include the right for police to search anyone at anytime.
The kaiser Sigismund of Luxembourg is considered a huge villain in Czech republic
They have more contact with Slovak than I had in the 90s.
You learn only a couple of words and suddenly you understand a lot more
English only, I have self-preservation instincts and don't want to deal with code commented in Hindi
Good idea
Holy shit dude put some NSFW tag on it.
I think they are quite cool, was on a long holiday in Lapland once and they had a shop selling wooden carved stuff, cups, knives, bottle openers etc
You guys had it available
When I was in Netherlands the train was precise to the minute.
I don't see buying Samsung as being somehow „tech savvy“ because you are also paying for a brand with Samsung and Google phones
To spis v Brne
I've heard people call it non existent etc
And they also alienated the Japan
We have four combinations
Probably through Russian латышский (latyshskiy), except the "a" got switched for "o".
Ariane 5 solid boosters, Ariane 6 Solid boosters, and the Vega 1st solid stage is based on the french SLBM and built by the same company.
Estonia and Switzerland ? Iceland and Finland ? Greece and Moldova ? Northern Spain and Malta ? Crimea and Karelia ? etc etc
Not really, we just laugh at dumb americans doing that
I don't think there was actually any bigger city anytime
sailors
Yes, it's obviously just my opinion.
Men get higher up, because they don't face such "obstacles" in their carreers.
We have 4, two of which are in Prague
It wasn't 1000 pilots, but 1000 air crews
When you add up _Very important_ and _Somewhat important_ it doesn't look that appalling.
Tangentially I recently came across an awesome [youtube channel] which features some really early street videos remastered with speed correction and some ambient sound to make them more immersive
Ok, so the comment was about not going to sauna at all
I hate them
I guess the joke is on them, though
We're glad our roads are not destroyed enough for us to drive cars on them let alone a ride bike lol
It would be nice to send all this politics bullshit somewhere else
*mě* vs *mně*
You can hear them reee-ing in a distance
But normal everyday people dont know this
(Paradox: I stayed in let’s say very alternative life-style family that lived in semi-squat with many pets and dogs living in the house as well)
Water retention, people
So you dont even see this money
What is the broadcasting technology?
Great, fuck Apple
\*all Czech political climates
Why is Těšín gone
Russian can help in some countries of Eastern Europe
I'm gonna
I doubt they'll ever fully accept her - not because her German is bad, but cause "she ain't from 'round 'ere".
Lack of indication whe does accent/emphasis go.
What does your society go through?
It's the last country I can think of and I can't even try to find something interesting about it
Most French accepted the guilt already
That's how it startér, but then there were more than enough opportunities to make it 'normal' again
It's also rather interesting that you claim this is a matter of geography while dragging political history and culture into it and preventing "technicalities" (?) from having a role, despite Central Europe being an officially recognized concept, historically, politically, and culturally
Because I have hard time believing this.
"Máj juropijn drým das not inklut d stejk in d centr of juropijn komišn vič luks lajk e bablbam end tejsts lajk e bablbam"
You should personally see the Chinese built infrasctructure in Africa
And even an idiot can pull a trigger and kill a terrorist
I find especially funny that it's cheaper for me to visit my sister who lives 20km from me than to visit my grandparents (by city transport) who live on the other side of my hometown
Edit: For anyone interested:
Overall, you're right that we don't think of Russia as negatively as the Baltic countries or Poland, we're also not very friendly towards them though.
But you can take the test for all the classes there are at the same time, you just have to pay a fee for each class you want to get.
Edit: fixed position in the cabinet
Lollygagging
The Germans our ancestors met came from mountains, s kopce=from the hill, can be offensive
What does Mafra has to do with press freedom
Whether Czechia is a legitimate name or not, at least on the internet
Iran and Iraq are very close allies supporting each other against ISIS
what is the shortest joke in the world?
So far so good
Fried cheese is my choice when I dont know what to order in restaurant
Pičín, Řitka, Kozodírky, so beautiful names
Youre right, but it seems its almost impossible to get a licence for an ordinary person
He was lurking in sweet water waiting to drown people and steal their soul
where did I say I think anime is for kids?
No, it's around 149 kilometers away from Znojmo
I think there's a noticeable difference
that's great, shows it is doable.
After you sign it, they will point on other signatures (which are fake) and 30€ written next to it, as if someone before you donated 30€ and try to convince you to donate them money.
Once he was speaking with some Hungarian guy and for 30 minutes
En ce moment même, je suis en train de contacter mon réseau secret d'espions à travers les États-Unis d'Amérique et ton adresse IP est en train d'être tracée tout de suite, alors tu ferais mieux de te préparer pour la tempête, petit asticot.
Also list - leaf in Czech
If by some virtue it is, then it's simply because the grocery chain employs people at lower salaries than their Western counterparts and can make decent profit margins without higher mark ups.
Remove the gate and add the heat generator and Paris is good to go for some Ice age
In general, middle ground will always make most people least unhappy
Oh, yes, the amount of brown fat start declining relatively early in life
We have even song about him:
Jewelry - I just cant say it
It is often referred to as a defining/formative moment for the modern Czech national mentality.
It's interesting to compare different perspectives, and if there is contention, you'd just agree to disagree, since different things are important to others and that's cool
And I always laugh at the "small town" - have you ever been in a "small town"? A few tens of thousands inhabitants
But since LEGO is internation product i think it sells at relatively same prices everywhere
;-) In fact, most people here simply don't care about it
In my city I have an annual ticket that I buy online
Yet we had snow and minus ten at night a few days ago
We are absolutely dependent economically on complete free trade with Germany, allowing for vertical integration between German and Czech businesses
You can carry a firearm in Czech Republic but I've never met anyone with a gun besides the police
Big states and many can go their lives without crossing a border.
Hopefully, it'll catch on
Germans didn't do anything deserving that kind of punishment in WW1, they merely lost a war.
The whole world was focused on grabbing as much territory as possible right until World War 2.
I used to have long hair for a long time and I there weren't a lot of times people gave me shit because of it, but it happened a handful of times
I'm not talking about "sanity", I'm talking about wealth, economy and infrastructure.
They hurt
Anyways, Pérák would fit really well into AC
5 million), Brno (0
I've seen this happen before, it seems to be a village mentality issue.
Both my parents have engineering degree, a lifetime of experiences and both struggled with high school level newspaper article analysis
This is just how I feel about it, it's not necessarily representative of all Czechs, so if anyone from the Czech republic disagrees with me, feel free to share your opinion.
It's [not safe]#CEE_7.2F1_unearthed_socket_and_CEE_7.2F2_unearthed_plug), because you could plug [CEE 7/7] into it, which is intended to be plugged into earthed [Schuko and French sockets]
Keep fighting the good fight dude
And their food is delicious
Is it true that in marriage Hungarian women often take not just husband's last name, but also his first name
I saw Polish school where kids around 16 learned how to shoot and repair Beryl, learned tactics and teamwork
I’d avoid Brno, it’s one of the better cities, but there are plenty of more exciting places in our country
No, surely not the underground groups
[Párek v rohlíku] would be the most iconic one
That caused massive German colonisation and ups; Sudetenland -> WWII
100 square meters houses just outside the city (both Pilsen and Prague, with Prague ones being a bit smaller and having significantly smaller ground around
Nothing like a little bit of money for free, eh
This
"When you forget how many beers you have had, So you ask the bartender… 12, that's cool"
Yes, two Czech citizens are detained in Turkey, but those two dumbasses actually were kind of asking for it, because they went to Syrian Kurdistan to do humanitarian work (or so they say, the Turks accuse them of doing logistics and recruiting for YPG), posted all over their social media about it, including pics with YPG fighters which Turkey considers to be a terrorist organization and then had the 'great' idea to return home through Turkey
Yes
I don't know how to properly describe this in english, but I like that the R in scottish is harder than in irish
That’s why I’m sure we’re fucked
I didn't know that this is how the Franco-German proposal is called, now it makes sense.
/II
Hvala sound like chvála - praise
Personally anything from [Miro Žbirka]
The would be translated as thirteen hundred twenty six
But I must say, they have its beauty
Czech people love being grammar snobs, I don't think descriptivism is very accepted among the general public at this point
English is kind of taken for granted these days, but not at a very good level (above B1 or so) until you prove it
right bad, left good
Now I am pretty happy that I learned Russian times ago and I don't have to fit any of these because:
Makes a perfect sense to me
Czech lost its dual in the high middle ages, retaining only a few forms of "irregular plural" for eyes, hands, legs, breasts etc
Did you get really get that from Austria
However, there were also separate lessons on history of literature that complemented the history lessons, especially in culturally important periods
Does that mean USA is occupied by Germany since Germany has a military base there?
You mean LANDS
Or how many Czech freelance visa were snaped by Ukrainains?
Brno dialect is similar to german
Well it's said our beer is the best
In that case he wouldn't become a leader of the Party's reform wing
Prague is pretty awful regarding housing prices
(Kundera was devout communist at that time)
Despite the media outrage he really is not way worse than many other politicians.
There's a pretty big difference in at what age the kids are first divided into those schools, though, in Czechia it's around age 15 and Germany typically does it much earlier
Yeah, it's proven that climate change is happening
Yep
We were always rebel nation
Prievidza je slovenský Bruntál?
50,39°. Existence is a fucking pain, the Sun sets at 15:52
I think I had it only once in my life and I don't even remember when
No, we don't.
Adjusting to home traffic after returning was worse
2-3 minutes by car, depending on traffic, weather and direction
in ideal world
The city I live in is lucky as we get our tap water from a water reservoir in the mountains - the quality is great
Bottled water here is 3 crowns a litre (cheap basic water, there might be cheaper alternatives even) and the cheapest beer (Which is undrinkable shit that I would not touch with a pole, you are italian so think cheap carton vine) is like 7 CzK a bottle, you get 3 Czk for returning the bottle so its 4 crowns for half a litre, so its 8 crowns a litre
It doesn't make sense, but that's because in Czech "hunger" and "rub" rhyme
Is Sanders clear left by European standards, though?
As for myself, nothing
Mysterious "diarrhea" every easter monday locking me on the toilet until noon for several years until my parents gave up forcing me to open the door just because boys and men from our village were dickheads
Damn
> faux wood finishing
sorry I missed that completely, not being native english speaker I can't read "between the lines" all the time
Around 147 liters per year
Anyone who claims that Slovenia and CZ are more similar to Russia and Ukraine rather than they are to Austria and Eastern Germany they are our of their mind
A Czech writer, philologist, historian and Bohemian revivalist, Vaclav Hanka, falsified medieval manuscripts to support the idea of independent Bohemia (by enriching our literary history)
> See that red light
It seems that standard comfortable division Right-Left is dead.
No mayo, nothing but cold potatoes, vinegar and oil
Dad was speaking Czech, guy was speaking Hungarian and none of them cared, mostly, because they were both superdrunk
Smith will remain Smith and not Smithová.
In my defense, I have to say that I speak Russian with my wife and mostly English at work
China used their embassy and our president to not allow it but Vystrčil went anyway
German economy
Haha, got me
For example, in Czech, *sprostý* means "vulgar" while in Slovak, it means "stupid". A friend of mine once almost got into a trouble when he with his other friends met a group of Slovaks somewhere and they talked and the Slovaks spoke in a very vulgar manner, cursed all the time etc
We literally have 14 °C right now here
8-1 euro in stores and up to 2 euros in restaurants
Knew I'd find it here
So even normal beer
Fifty years of communism preceded by being bombed to shit tends to do that.
Thanks
Národní museum (national museum) in Prague is the best and the biggest, but I really love Prácheňské museum in city Písek (Sand)
China was pissed and threatened entirity of my country, but when they tried to take away economical benefits from us, they discovered they could only cancel order on few hundred pianos
And, using subtitles more instead of dubbing movies would be a great idea to borrow from all of Northern Europe
Well yes
like USA but nicer, colder and with less savior syndrome.
Well I had the current US military in mind.
x % of 0 is still 0
If anyone wants to contribute anything you could just ...
Arizona, Azerbaijan, Russian diplomatic plates (wouldn't be so foreign in center of Prague, but in my neighborhood it's pretty exotic sight)
It has been for us for decades haha
Especially with such group
People say "mejl" or just "e-mail".
If they really wanted to change something and do it more sustainable, they could lover the tax on books and culture for instance.
Please make it a national holiday too ;-)
Can someone explain WTF is going on in Spain
Hladna pića = cool drink on croatian And hungry pussy in czech
In an ideal world the war should not have escalated or even started to begin with
On the other side, Prague has one of the lowest concentration of Roma people.
But if the total level of nasranost reaches threshold, I'll leave.
Then there's [Český Krumlov] which is a small town in Southern Bohemia but the centre is almost as crowded as Prague
I thought Fidesz is populist, it seems that this would hurt their voters the most
However the average Brit doesn't really make that much difference between all the EE nationalities so I don't see how is the situation for the average Slovak/Lithuanian/Bulgarian etc.
Then probably the St
Yeah I was wrong about that, our guy just added to the research with the AB group
True, occasionaly someone (usually a friend or a relative) enters the house itself uninvited when looking for one of us (like if they are not sure that the doorbell works) but they usually just open the door into the entry hall, shouting "is anybody home
Also feminine in Czech
After personal experience of miltiple times, I'm not sure I would regard Brussels as a contribution hehe
If your administration lasts more than 4 years, consult a democracy specialist
Around 2:00
Do not drink for courage
With courts, if you can't afford a lawyer, one will be provided (although I am not sure if these lawyers are worse then others and I am unsure of how long it takes to get one)
but sadly mainly in border areas.
even the linked article above is from 6 months ago and it is about a recent journalist trip to see what is happening in Russia over years
Our language survived germanisation under Austria-Hungary, I am not concerned that it will disappear anytime soon
Fake "rum" made from potatoes
We have the same game here, it's just called "don't be upset, man" (člověče nezlob se), this really brings back memories
Morocco - touristy, lots of exotic spices, bazaars
Re-clicked, got Israel, first paragraph is clear
Also world's top source of disappointed tourists
For example in English female and male students are all student but in Czech we use often masculine terms as neutral to refer to people even if it might be a woman, like when you say "go to the doctor" you don't know if the doctor is male or female but in Czech you say "jdi k doktorovi" for male doctor and "jdi k doktorce" for female doctor, so the problem is that if you just don't know the gender of the refered person or just don't wana assume people say just the masculine term, so people often imagine the male right
Excuse me, what the fuck
After 1812 Napole and France had not army strong enough.
I enjoyed my 2 hours in the center of Pisa
you can always try but i wont garentee you will succeed
And if you try to whip some girl after noon, you will end up with a bucket full of cold water on your head.
Which is fucking hillarious
o.O
Yes, they were "considered" german and their property confiscated after the war.
Horrible
It’s quote from documentary, it was told by pedophile commenting on age that actress told him she was
So if I understand it correctly there is another chart only for microbreweries, but this chart also includes them.
A Czech writer, philologist, historian and Bohemian revivalist, Vaclav Hanka, falsified medieval manuscripts to support the idea of independent Bohemia (by enriching our literary history)
Everybody in Austrian army spoke German
power over immigration, but still single market rights) and for that we'll be so generous to allow you to keep the conditions that you already have".
Thanks for this sub, I didn't know it.
Queen runs the show since my parents were born.
President is voted, from 2013, by "popular vote". President than elects prime minister
Here are some of my favorite Czech songs
Czechoslovakia made its stance to the very last second until the real bloodshed would come, which in a way is very noble, considering all neighbouring countries slowly eroded away into authoritatian or totalitarian regimes; and it's also true that the Munich conference was a stab in the back, but being realistic, the writing on the wall that Czechoslovakia was utterly fucked was there since at least 1934 when the two leading proponent diplomats for the Little Entente (and therefore the entirety of French security in Central Europe) were assasinated
I'm gonna go with these guys for worst:
Many good stuff, but the most important worldwide are: Contact lenses, modern-ish propeller (first one, that was better than paddle wheel), Silon, and others
Okonomyaki is thankfully not terribly difficult to make
the top 1-10% here are mostly former communists with connections
Now no fortress against him doth remain,
Yeah I came across that a couple of times on askreddit and asked American workmates too as I just dont get it
Czechs and Germans choosed different approach.
But I later learned that this isn't the norm in public schooling, my school was just an exception
Tři sta třicet tři stříbrných stříkaček stříkalo přes tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech
It was a horrid time to be alive overall
There are about 300 000 such permits and under some estimates, even up to 7% of households have a self defence gun permit
As someone who knows three+ slavic languages, i absolutely HATE english pronounciation
It depends, usually there are 3 or 4 red and 1 or 2 green
In most cases there is a waiting line of locals with good credit who'll want to stay for years.
you can lay the cable (položit kabel), you can throw a poop (hodit bobek), jump away (odskočit si), or go for the big one (jít na velkou)
He always seemed like a Great leader that was just trying his best to make a more democratic system work while failing miserably
Nazarbajev did resign
That is why
Semmel is a small round bread
Long hair is pretty much accepted
and that is why there is no place for Turkey in the west.
If Merkel and Tusk want to continue having Trump as an ally then maybe they should not declare him an enemy and treat him as bad or worse than Putin.
And travel insurance when you're traveling.
They are talking about concrete blocks of flats - like [this] not apartment buildings - like [this]
(The water spins in the brook, it'll grind your eyes,)
Definitely the era of Charles IV king of Bohemia (1346 - 1378) and Holy Roman Emperor
To be honest, Amsterdam city centre is not that far off
The longest word without wovel is "čtvrtsmršť" with 10 letters
Well the land will be used not for food but for bio diesels etc.
* Edinburk
Ight, I’ll send you a dm
This argument is always going to be there when you only have a binary choice
It might cause a massive unemployment problem
She is a bit too liberal for me
I’m planning to travel all over Germany during my Erasmus next spring
Ever seen Pilsen on winter morning
It's a parody of a political party "ANO 2011" that is currently in charge of the government
I visited Prague three years ago
Czexit, meaning simply leaving EU, won't work for us very well
Where am I going: His opinions are very inconsistent
I'd never had kfc in my life up to that point
Scissors are a great tool, much more convenient to cut many things with them rather than with a knife
Members of the community have written in to comment on the quality of submissions and some of the less respectful debate that has been hosted on the subreddit
Iceland banks fucked up even more.
The good old kurva belt, also known as V4
So I don't quite understand when they get enough sleep
OMG, up until right now I thought my family was weird, that's exactly how I grew up down to the you'd-make-a-mess part
Armaments Since The Cold War Arrives In Europe - footage of the vehicles at the port
Are you saying that organized terrorist murders are actually not a big deal and we should all just chill out?
What
Czech elites held a frustration for a long time - basically ever since Hungarians managed to get a better status within the empire, but when we wanted the same thing, we were told to fuck off despite the fact that Bohemia and Moravia were (at that point) among the most developed and industrious areas in the empire
Maybe there's some relation
It is impossible in Prague
We were teaching a bit about Mesopotamia, Hittites, more about Egypt, even more about Greece and Rome and also something about Germans and Celts, because they lived here
It's not like it's easy to get a illegal firearm.
I have a story from my grandfather
Does he want to become next Ceausescu or what
je jako císař Svaté říše římské.
That would explain why no one can understand them
Also, Italy and Spain, you had substantially more time to develop and yet you still suck with us /s.
They are usually sort of separated though.
How very generous of you
It was done in a retaliation for the assasination of the third highest ranked Nazi Reinhard Heydrich, who was also in charge of the Protektorat
They do but you have the little dip line at the top saying you it's pronounced sch and there are words where you don't pronounce it as sch at the beginning of a syllable for example Štvát (means irritate someone or be make someone angry) is pronounced schtvat with the a being kinda long
The average life expectancy is that low because children's death were very common
Some arguments against the "café" are valid I'd say, as they often seem like arrogant moralizers who are too distant from everyday problems of ordinary citizens, but then again, Zeman does exactly nothing to ease the tension, he viewes it as an opportunity to strenghten his position.
Munich real estate prices tho
Always gives me a little chuckle imagining that frustrated person saying fuck it, where's my normal keyboard
Outside of that, mostly extremists.
Take a trip to the center of Brussels if you'd like to see the future of any city with unlimited immigration.
1918 - 1939 ( thanks Allies )
The same [question] was asked cca a month ago.
But I'm really surprised by the negativity towards both Vietnamese and Jewish people
Safety and security are both bezpečnost
Of course, USA knew perfectly well they didn't have any chance if they were to land in Japan and defeat them completely.
There were so many shootings in last few years I can't recall the last one
That works for certain positions, but I would not promote anyone who is gone 3*12= 36 days + normal holiday per year.
But pre 2010
No, he's right, this is borderline /r/shittyHDR
I wish we could make a Kalasatama in Prague but building here takes so fucking long
"Hey, do you know how do you say 'mother-in-law' in Polish
Now is the dominant party populist ANO (support ~30%) followed by Civic Democrats and Pirates (both ~15%)
Across Europe, from Poland to Austria, from Italy to Sweden, parliaments have been adopting expansive domestic and foreign surveillance legislation in recent months and years.
Definitely
I think I'll disagree on that one
* jmenuju: 1st person singular "to name, to appoint"
Good:
bra = "śprajc podpierowy kozactva ochablego"
Why aren't they arresting double citizens voting at the Turkish embassies though?
Many popes brought their elections does this null their decision since they weren't voted in best intent of Christianity
Rozjedou druhej krizovej štáb.
It doesn't matter if it's done by private or by public companies, it's happening and that's the problem
When I was choosing my Erasmus program, I saw that there was a Slovakian university in Nitra on our list
Can't speak for Germans, but given we drink the most beer per capita, we can trow Czechs into the mix
It is mostly dut to the fact that the Czech Government is extremely incompetent and corrupt
Lol
probably some kind of alcohol and some kind of narcotics
A [vozembouch] (literally ground smasher, it's a rod with a bunch of jingle bells, tambourines and such),
On the other hand, I can't imagine the point of a joke a person who would use it ironically would be trying to make.
Also unlike the US or France, other countries have limited military funds and lives just to play world police
In the second part I said even if you were talking about bottled, Pilsner is more than 35 c. Which it is
Then we do some "folk divination" like cutting an apple in half and [putting nutshell candles in water] A lot of people visit Midnight Mass, not necessarily for religious reasons but rather as a matter of tradition.
Nice
See
Je mi to u prdele ( It's by an ass)
It was all much more complicated game than it is now described
It all feels like we’re a nation of snickering kids
For lunch 30 minute break is mandatory, but many people will take more time, often over an hour, if their employer allows it
they totally stare, but they call it something like "inquisitive look".
[Map link]
We go to cinema together
Still, people need to realise, that nothing won't change if they won't vote.
This invasion was to reinstate full blown communism
Droga
Not so long ago I found this [beautifly bittersweet video] and it makes me sad for what my grandparents and parents had to go through but also happy that we got out if without bloodshed
Wait, Sweden used to drive on the left or what
and I know people who have been deported from countries exactly for that reason.
Lol, as an American you should know some countries cannot be helped no matter how hard you try.
Wow, look at all those colors
Personally, I rather believe politicians push for international connections of any way more than necessary
And because of that particular thought is creeping around
With exceptions, of course
Give it 50 years and you will get all the perks of canadian weather.
How dare you, Greta
Sorry
Their Czech pronunciation isn't too bad, cool
Tolve IT
For example the famous polish word "szukat" :)
But no, they live in their informational bubble and looking just for this kind of info which fits into their beliefs
Cáchy = Aachen
I find it hard to blame those who actually went through the occupation as small children (and thus weren't collaborators) for not wanting to accept the guilt for what happened after WW2
D vyn vy mast mejk nou empty promysis, nou empty slougns
Is it
I would love to play the remaster of the first three Killzone games on PS5
I had flights to northern Italy, and I got my full refund PLUS 75€ from collibra
Because it is
We tend to be more conservative I guess
it won't find everything but for 90~95% of your searches, it will be good
Also the sch at the front of the word is sometimes pronounced as sch and stuff
Licor 43 has very fond university memories attached to it
It is a cheapo communist try to fake a cola.
The guy who is always drunk
Everyone knows it and it is very symbolic of our nation
if you mean the crispy salty tv snack then salt only or million disgusting chemical flavors
What is definition of "Europe" in this guys speech ?
And I work for a big international corporation outside of Prague
Because planes fly the globe and use a GLOBAL positioning satellite?
Surprisingly legends about White Ladies (especially foretelling death) are really, really old
They are so ridiculous, that it generated meme creativity.
Former allies started showing tendencies to swap sides and be friends with NATO/EU instead.
Pretty much all Africa and most of the Asia
It used to be unofficial hussite "anthem".
I can't see any basis of it as a conspiracy theory.
Haha
When it's been invented, there were a lot of german-speaking people at the time, we were a part of Austria-Hungary so hantec is a mix between Czech and German
I wonder whether he actually said what I quoted and if yes, then what language he spoke it in
Seriously, though
* Karel Čapek
You could try not reproducing, cause having a child leaves a big carbon footprint and as others said, change of diet, limiting the use of transportation by car and going on foot, bike or public transportation, second hand clothes ect
Both i and y are nowadays pronounced the same in Standard Czech: i/y - /ɪ/, í/ý -
The two fighting were drunk, but the two placing bagels on that guy's head, didn't seem very drunk.
The spanish civil war(s) is the main theme of one of the most popular books of all time, I wouldn't say it's that unknown to people
Pepa for Josef is apparently from Italian Giuseppe, where it was shortened to Beppe
Fun fact: Lauterbrunnen is right next to Grindelwald
also: how does he like current US regime
I didn't detect any change in quality of submissions during last days.
nah, I left permanently, got married here too, but still I do love my home country and I visit many times a year.
I understand protests against government and politics, because they are dependent on their people
commenting only so I can come back when rested and think if there is a hidden analogy with a penis or something else in play here
they have no average looking women, only above average!
No, we usually took them when we went to buy there something
Rambo (and many other movies and porn) was available on black market VHS tapes, dubbed (horribly) by a one guy
most of our dishes doesn't have any exotic names so from the English menu you could figure out what are you getting, listing main ingredients so there isn't really any trap here (unless you are vegan or   muslim or similar dietary needs, and picture is not going to help you either)
If only Europe had less political correctness and more balls...
Edit: fixed position in the cabinet
On our way there we didn't stop at all.
They are mostly from Germany, the UK and Sweden
Its direct translation from my language and I didnt even realize it
I mean, how would you even pronounce it.
I guess our restaurants have milk for cooking too, but it is not on the drinks menu, so no one ever orders it
Any chance they can stop this madness?
Because pretty much every country has a different center for the political compass
50 total gets rounded up to 200 for cash payments, but 199
Those works of art were taken during WWII, which was merely 70 years ago.
However the absolute numbers are still quite low and there seems to be downward trend.
Hitler attacked USSR later on to wipe out Bolsheviks
However the cases are all tied to one region and I'm not living in that region.
I am glad it passed, I am glad that companies have hands a little bit more tied with using my personal data
Spain, I think the size, location, structure, shape, islands,... just everything is geographically perfect for Spain imo
Tiny spoon
Vltava = Moldau
"zavináč" - impossible to translate literally really, but the meaning is a "roll". There is also a dish named "zavináč", and it is a sour fish rolled with onions and sauerkraut
Did you help defeat the Nazis, but with the British
On elementary school we had fenced [cages] on every hallway
What's wrong with Czech Republic
It's like 3 times cheaper than here
There were dead and injured, many people were arrested and faced brutal treatment by the police and militias
You make good friends there which are usually scattered across the republic so you meet people from different towns etc
/r/Prague is "shit expat says" from time to time, it is quite interesting to see in how big bubble they are living
It's like a plague, I've been also offered DCC few times when paying contactless, which is pure evil
" then like German, but not only accent would be much worse
Unless you would want to teach languages of course,
Users should be allowed to upload and make available content generated by users for the
" and that friend was like How dare you
That's weird, the link works for me.
We would have sandpeople like germany, britain, france and sweden
Oh boy, this won't be a popular post looking at other answers in this thread.
Now now, don't be so mean
No one
This summer in Switzerland, I paid for a room with bed and shower (not even a chair or a nightstand) in Jugendherberge what would get me five star hotel in parts of western Europe.
"You have this money for whole week" If they spend it, they will not have a sweets for the rest of the week
Karaiskakis was regular on /b/.
He is hanged and the girlfriend commits suicide by drowning herself
why do you dislike them more than far right
It's common to make bike trip to pub/restaurant and have a Beer or two
You raised them wrong
Ahh yes the "costumers", a dress up party is always nice
* Tokyo
Pičín is probably the most famous one amongst the czechs
Knife into the chest where your heart is should be pretty effective shouldn't it?
How big of a deal is the fact that he owns businesses that take huge amounts of EU subsidies while being the finance minister.
What does Babiš has to do with that
What do you know
The general attitute of homeopathy users is something like "I know its sugar water, but what if ...?"
or probably something from Lucie
Oh thats what I have in smaller version just on the other side
It does not
Thank you Croatia for being such a great vacation destination and being welcoming and all
[Yup] The one I bought on jarmark, but because they were cheap , and my head huge, it looks like Baret.
While studying abroad in rural France I was asked whether we have cars and electricity in the Czech republic.
Full disclosure my mom is Slovakian and father Czech, I have no horse in this race
Nejsem ve sví kůži (i'm not in my own skin) - you are sucking at something you are usually very good at
V is the only correct way to pronounce it as V (same in english), W looks so damn aggressive and wrong and it is almost silent.
I'm suffering from Stockholm syndrome 12 years later
I sometimes feel that there is a no way to make country democratic
NO WAAAAY
I'm sure I'm missing some :)
Carbonara is American then, as it was invented by American soldiers
Eh, not trying to sound like a douche, but they'll repair it, even if it takes a couple of years
77 out of 78 ANO politicians were for it
Great start
There was only one class that used Teams for lectures and the internal school system for exercises on a regular basis, even the final exam was online
* Hiroshima
Lovely, do you find the ř sound difficult
50 USD, but also for 6 USD
We are mainly doing it for health reasons so the decision which time to keep should be up to specialists not common people
It's good idea fo US
Our eastern little brother Slovakia.
Shy FX - Original Nuttah
>how how robust is your air defense
They'd probably drink beer
It just gets kinda tiring, if it's always the one thing, that's all
* motherland — matčina
My numbers are from Eurostat and they show a percentage of unemployed people compared to available total workforce.
Lol and we were scared somebody will call the cops
Jeseníky mountains is a hidden gem that nobody outside of Czechia and maybe few Poles really know about
You may most commonly encounter it when speaking with others in a normal setting or in media (films, series, etc
Be quick and invest in /r/metalmemes now
Anything involving high speed chases
Maybe sexual revolution of the 60's?
You are digging basement for you new family house and boom, bronze-age graveyard
The best way to refer to the country is just "ČR" but that doesn't really work in English
How it would look like if the project Helsinki-Tallinn tunnel was finished?
My dad told me in the 80s there were actually some American films playing in cinemas
[BPG] ([animations] would be nice too if it took off.
Everyone was more scared of the Red Army back then, even Russians
We were almost self-sustainable in our needs
Serbians had no right to say anything on the matter and UN Security Council that should be the ultimate judge in such situations, was as usual rendered worthless by petty selfishness of its members.
And then proceed to preach the rest of Europe about solidarity and the need to share the burden and so on.
United States of Europe) but rather the integration will gradually continue to the point where there will be no factual difference between a federation and EU with most of people not even noticing.
Prague itself has +15 % of foreigners, and 30% of appartments are sold to foreigners.
Congratulation to Duda
Tame spiders only, like [cross spider] or [domestic house spider]
"Také je pro mě zajímavé", here there is no need for a comma
It's a famous story in the Czech Republic although it's presented as a heroic decision:
Well, the worst possible scenario looks like this
[their channel]
Here is a definition of necessary defence according to the Czech criminal law code:
My teacher often talked about her visit there
We went on a trip and there's an unexpected AC yaaay
I mean, its fine to be proud of something but you have to accept the bad things that might go with it, not ignore them or try to make them disappear
Bigos looks a lot like some types of *Zelňačka* (sauerkraut so up) and that's reasonably common here, same with Koblížky (pac,zky)
Just because for example North Korea oppress its people
I'm aware and should indeed be called on this for accuracy's sake
And yes - every once in a while something happens related to earlier history in my tiny town of 8
I believe you if we talk about Moscow and St
It's for poreprint identification
Way too often and it's so damn frustrating
[Well, it belonged to Kingdom of Bohemia for more than 400 years.
Quails and pigeons aren't that common these days, I've never had either, but I think they used to be eaten more commonly
I knew I had to vote for the lesser evil, this is just how it is.
May and June have been quite rainy as well, which has helped a lot with the drought that we've had since 2015
We do this as well
Thanks
For the average consumer, not so much
Change my mind
Indýd.
V seznamu chybí Jan (Lucemburský) a Ludvík (Jagellonský)
But I hate when I look at my rear mirror and can't tell if that car is parked or driving
Or they could just declare new currency: euro 1:1 and stiff you anyway.
(70) The steps taken by online content-sharing service providers in cooperation with
This would include so many harmless guns and waste time of so many people.
I think he knows what he’s talking about
Surprisingly many people thought that i am from Germany based on my accent :-D
Estonia: Long summer evenings in the old Tallinn
EU laws apply only to other members.
The damage to the environment will kill us even if the radiation does not manage.
Yep, with Gaddafi in power this would never have happened.
My teacher said it is because peasants rised cows and nobles ate beef
Thank you for this, I and my friends have wanted to go to Kotipizza for quite some time and one of them is Italian
>afternoon visit which they will drink slivovica during
they have the realistic assessment of the situation, not the shit they talk about and make people believe.
And they won't change their opinion, no way
Not only was he drivig crazy fast through mountains, he was also high
Worse, it is likely that new consumer technology will be built on the existing platforms (think VR/AR, AI), and Europe again will play sidekick here
Studénka 2008
Sure, it's not necessarily about the number of days, but I think it's a good idea to gradually reduce full-time working hours
Nothing more or nothing less to tell the government to be careful what they are doing or people are ready to make a change.
Not all of them but we have Saint Wenceslas (who technically wasn’t a king) on the 20 Czech crown coin and on the 100 banknote is Charles’s the IV (or I) and in the past there were more of them
France arrogance during the Versailles peace conference on the other caused the rise of Fascism in both Germany and Italy
Where am I going: His opinions are very inconsistent
I know just one
Full ban on any payments of any kind, full deportation of all citizens and refusal of future visa issuance, full ban on any kind of business interacting with those countries.
I went west and saw „ein zwei“ written on a billboard
**Czechia** is colored grey for no data
I am sure a contemporary designer would tell you the flag is fresh, sharp and modern and perfect for you business
Another Israeli - Czech
&#x200B;
Raw protocols are [here]
What do you mean by true intelligence equivalence
A lot of the rip-off stores in the centre arent owned by czechs
Nope, there's no one here anymore, nothing to see here Germany.
Actualy, we just see more stupid people now because we share the same platforms with them and the opinions stay there to be read even though the idiots are already gone (twitter comments, youtube comments and, ofcourse, the worse of them all
Stop ittt
We are obligated to eventually adopt euro once we meet those conditions, but are we gonna
If the rest of Europe was restored to the 1812 conditions as well, then we would be back under the rule of the Habsburg monarchy, so I guess we would have our own issues to worry about
Sounds gross to me
Its like Prague but better in nearly every way
Central, but a lot of people, mostly from over the pond, are saying Eastern, which is wrong
The city transport is fine
Just say NO
Are saunas popular in Russia
"Robot" - this Czech word it's quite used here
No doubt
In Czech, Belgrade (Bělehlad) means "White Castle"
The true is there is really no socialist country in Europe
Never seen one
If you can, use public transport instead of going by car
It feels extremely cramped and there's nowhere to move
Nato is the guarantee of security for many countries in the region.
Also rozmazlený - overcuddled
It's our national embarrassment that we try to keep secret
Republican, not a big fan of them but the democrats are Nanny Statelers to the max
Fuck communists
18 is on the low end of "room temperature", so probably not a good idea to leave them out if you don't have a chilly pantry or basement
Crassus
19h from Rome to Prague killed me (broke down twice) and I assumed there would be a cafe on board so was starving, I settled for a can of coke and a bag of crisps from a stop in Vienna (this is not good food at 7am
Western Europe (France, Benelux, west Germany, possibly Denmark if it's not North, British isles and Switzerland)
Yeah, I think we hated them more mainly because the German thing was a thing everyone knew of but no one could anything about
That was the one suburb of Ústí I was thinking of
[Coombal] Fest, the moustacheiest (is that even a word?) music festival in the world.
So how is milk in Japan
Also i want czexit
And since then I've been confused about people who have an English sounding name, but are not English speaking natives
It's an amazing city in terms of things to see and do, but I found the spatial planning horrendous
No, we say "mail", so "gmail" would just make it longer
We have truly became a thorn in Russia's heel
I'm sure linguists have a more specialized term for that sub-category
Well, at least they got the "praying man" part right
You can not be loyal to two countries at the same time.
Switzerland - Geneva
Wtf, I didn't know it was this bad.
Its most basic and cheapest furniture you can buy NEW for that price
European economy is fully depending on German economy
Problem with refugees is that some of them have problem to integrate so we should check them and leave only those which will say that they will integrate into European society.
He voluntarily exchanged Czechoslovak citizenship for German one, voluntarily joined NSDAP and SS and actively aided German war effort
Its stolen directly from employer hand before it reaches you
The small numbers of good gypsies only confirm that majority are thieves and leeches with shitton of kids
Holka modrooká nesedávej u potoka,
However, it is OP's right to leave, just as it is any other country's to not let him in if he does not fulfill their requirements.
Vikendy map literally means "weekends" in czech
"**
Crazy swedes travel; whats amazing about your european country?
Yeah, this is totally just Belgium and the Balkans
I am talking about architecture, culture, etc
And in times of high emergency, tension or just important diplomatic event, police in vital checkpoints carry heavy firepower
Most Slavic and Germanic and Romance languages have a continuum of dialects that makes them intertwined, but Hungarian stands out
It was in 19th century and some of the words replacing loanwords stuck, some of them definitely not
If you have an EU passport, which I suppose you have, then not having a degree isn't such a huge obstacle, as long as you have relevant experience/portfolio.
Our immigration is almost purely work-motivated, since we're simply not rich enough to attract any welfare tourists.
Sometimes there were misunderstandings, sometimes they needed to repeat themselves slower or explain certain expressions but it was possible and it offered them a unique insight to each others' culture and their relatedness
So much this
Me and my friends never used it, although I know it from english shows.
Examples:
10 CZK can get you a croissant or 0,5 liters of juice
This photo reminds me so much of Frostpunk
If they point the turbines in the right direction, they could speed or slow down the Earths rotation.
It gives it such depth of flavour!
That's really sad :(, but thanks for answering :)
But those are only my impressions from history lessons
This is one hell of a good analysis
Lech then went to east and founded Poland
Duck is a staple of Czech cuisine and is very common at home and in restaurants
There really isn't a good way to explain it.
That's my experience as well
Ah, a vegan soldier, then
Foreign politicians know themselves about the US or British politics, unlike the other way.
More like a inspiration
However if you hypothetically were to move here, you'd be welcome, specially in the big cities.
Slovakia has more Czech state
Yep, Slavs also assimilated some [iranian tribes] Proto-Slavs and Proto-Iranians lived close to each other, and close to the indoeuropean homeland - [pontic spteppes]
I'm half Czech, quarter Slovak and Romanian
It is just not the Baltic sea we are jealous of (and yours North sea doesn't really makes any difference, Rügen island wasn't a dream destination not even during socialistic times) So the question "how is our acces to the sea doing" from Poland have only answer "yeah, it is better than yours because we have it closer" :)
Or you can buy bitcoin
He doesn't speak any other language than Czech, so I have no idea, how they were communicating, but my grandpa was always saying, that alcohol connects people
Czech elites held a frustration for a long time - basically ever since Hungarians managed to get a better status within the empire, but when we wanted the same thing, we were told to fuck off despite the fact that Bohemia and Moravia were (at that point) among the most developed and industrious areas in the empire
Are they adding rail/bus/tram service to compensate for the destroyed roads?
Well as a Czech I'm disappointed
Tunnels in my city are also connected, although I doubt they were used for storage, since everyone has a basement
His net worth is about $2.6 billion.
I genuinely mistyped
In case someone isn't sure what I'm referring to (or has different term for it) - I mean voluntary military force.
However, in English, it's used as female
When spoken, the understanding gets lower
That and the horrors of seeing your friends die one by one, combined with thorough propaganda on both sides, made soldier hate the other side too much to make this happen again.
From what I've seen in documentaries, the budget was essentially one of a Hollywood movie.
We already have it bad enough with the Danes that come to raid our capital every year
I store them in the fridge just as anyone I know
Not really, maybe some really ancient ones that only historicians know about
Travel programme "Objektiv" still has some Slovak hosts
It literally means "Religious Cricket" (or also Religious Mantis, but that's lame)
But we still have one
Not the nation you mentioned, maybe still worth a bit: thing to bear in mind in Czech surnames: they differ for men and for women
though I only know Germany and Austria well enough to actually consider moving there
They alredy have the Germans for the beer trope
Since most household appliances are made for the North American market, where US customers prevail, you operate your oven and thermometers in °F, but use Celsius for weather
I hope my comment made sense lol
crickets
People at my work stay calm and we are all tired of all-going news with nonsense numbers
Breakfast, dinner, little children or elderly, everyone drinks beer all the time...
I'm just mad because people always corrected me thinking i lived in Průhonice when I lived in Úhonice
Even basic skins are better for hiding that expensive ones
The big firework is meant to celebrate it, ever since it was moved from midnight to 6 pm
The only reason they are now celebrated is because communist regime glorified them a lot (because they fought against catholics) and used them for propaganda
Czechoslovakia: Am I a joke to you
Only during hot summer for eggs
Of the 690,000 men that invaded Russia, only 93,000 returned.
How does the waiting time compare to psychical profiling tests, knowledge exams (+study time) and competency exams?
Am I Wrong by the standards of your country and social circle?
However it's much harder to find suitable parents who aren't that picky and are willing to take a child who is either older or has a slight physical/mental disposition or is of a different race/ethnicity.
The only Austrian citizen that has a fan club in Czechia.
It’s a shame that I never was a scout (even when I really wanted to)
No, but he literaly said that in an interview with czech press like a few months ago.
I think the bitter feeling some Eastern Europeans have towards Western Europeans has more to do with how Western Europe, specially France and the UK acted before the WW2 not after it.
Beer, chocolate, Hercule Poirot
TV news is probably the worst channel for information next to tabloids, but what they did still sounds underhanded.
Otherwise, she doesn't know what to say at all, and if you ask ger something in english, she just runs away
Taking the revolution further would hurt Germany quite a lot
It's a miracle for what they are paid.
If they meet with a bigger group, they say like "hi, how are you
Honest Guide
Chomutov and Jirkov most likely
If anyone is interested in other animals, they can compare it on this comprehensive wikipedia [article]#Animal_sounds).
German Draht (wire) is Drát in Czech, the pronunciation is exact same..
It HaS nEveR BeEn AppLiED
(That it's more consistent and in the beginning it had fewer features, but it's not the case now.)
Morocco - touristy, lots of exotic spices, bazaars
most of them are Syrian (they're not), most are educated (they're not), many are children (85% are adult men), they will integrate (previous efforts have failed), etc.
> EU Nations Are predominantly Christian
That is also reality, like it or not :-)
Pretty much everyone agrees that we are in Central Europe
Nobody really holds Munich against today's ordinary French people.
or western/coastal Turkey on the right and eastern/southeastern Turkey on the left
I have a feeling this graph is trying to communicate that the lower the number of children in the classroom the better
Not /r/Europe anymore
If you don't care about it then the government doesn't need to protect you.
No idea if it was Czech or foreign girl but it was really butchered - and they should keep English
Ok, so the comment was about not going to sauna at all
) accent and it sounds very funny
IF there is one
[Slunce, seno, jahody] - a humorous take on life under communism (not really political).
Cursive, that is mandatory
The actual fuck-up was them not keeping a safe distance when traveling on a public road and of course the way the repairs were handled
Although I did know Arma was
It's complicated
This sounds very bad without context
The other side of the coin didn't actually put up much of an argument, has she
Trůnit - sitting on the throne, literally "throning".
It is not about dreams of world domination.
I find it heartwarming that we share these embarassing, notorious habits like socks in sandals and hogging the beach with your towels
I use cans handful of times a year, and at least half of them have pull tabs anyway
Uberto Decembrio, an Italian humanist, in Prague on March 12, 1399
totally no idea, all options looks exact same shitty for me here.
maybe it was someone else, or it is still somewhere around and I cant just find it again in this thread.
An absence of rent controls and tenant rights do the *exact* opposite.
I don't exactly like it as I find the sound of it somewhat *artificial* for lack of better words
Stupid people think they can get away with a lot of stuff and they possibly can in France or the UK
In EU for 15 years and EU don't really care, because there were written like "eventually" so we didn't do anything wrong yet
the father of the boys (an imam) came to Switzerland in 2001, having 15 years to adapt to local customs and culture.
I was thinking that you are going there fully clothed (or with swimsuits which is even worse)
I've learned about main religions and some most famous cults -> basic info about them
Without them the Seljuks crush you
I see you have never tried learning any language east of Germany.
I see, I suppose when somebody says baltic in my mind it is primarily geographical term, rather than ethnical.
All my USA visits were for business purpose so I can only tell how insanely toxic is US working environment
Mountains, money, cheese, sense of humor
For anyone wondering, OP is talking about [this division of Europe]
Are air corridors a real concept?
They're there to play football, not to make political moves
Sadly, it only enjoys and maximizes its former glory
Little pricey with worthless drachma.
Nope, not by a long shot
Praha being the only blue in whole Czechia is hilarious
Al dente is the only way to pasta
I can recommend that one of course, but just skip Bucharest unless you really want to visit a post-communist reality in its prime.
Like postcommunist and those "born in the previous regime". Of course the elderly, but that's pretty much the extent of it
It caused a lot of backlash here as well and for what?
They started to run, and he fired with crossbow, killed one of them, and got to jail
You can find on the internet that we have **0
It's great, this old quarter is especially nice
[Půlitr] stolen from the pub
It's such a good idea, right next to a dryer
Minimum wage is 11000CZK -425USD per month (66CZK per hour -2.55USD ) but ithis is minimum minimum as we have 8 classes of minimum wages.
We call it „světadíl“ also means „world part“.
Czech immigration office, possibly
Maybe I'm naive but I hope the party that wins the next parliamentary election could bring some change to this
I have to recommend [Kolya] - it won Oscar for international picture in 1997.
If 40 % of the country supported the crap above, Poland would be in a much, much worse state than it is now
We're earlier gen Z, and my schoolmates get wasted weekly
Hungarians didn't like Habsburgs and there were revolts against Austrian rule, Czechoslovaks were so fed up with Austrians, that big chunk of our units just switched sides and went fighting for allies as Legionaries (really Interesting stories actually
Lol I guess it's basically the same and everything is possible now,
We have the biggest beer consumption per person in the whole world, even though you won't usually see drunk people if you're not out really late
Coincidentally, they both make content in English (though Plasmo used to make them in Czech)
I was in the care of NHS
Dont tell me theres a river there
Also 2 new builds on the family field
teacher". You would not address most people with their first name, unless you're quite familiar
TIL Greeks are dwarves
He was a  Bohemian German
That's probably because in other languages, it is
Half italian, so I get what it means
Monte Carlo
It seems odd to me to see the massive disconnect between social conservatism and religion since that is essentially the entire basis of the argument over here.
and you just think that you don't, but you drive them too :)) Source: VW dieselgate :)
China man bad
If you don't close door - Do we have a black guy here
Me, I don't complain that much, since otherwise I'd catch my regular cold again
"Can I get Czech citizenship if my great grandmother was born in Czechoslovakia
It was my first choice, until I found out about how much it costs to live there, lol
The same goes for the printing press
8, sweet nineties
Defenestration - The act of throwing someone out the window.
No way
Other meat however, can be delicious even when mediocry cooked
This whole "thing" was based on one facebook page and some rednecks calling to Lidl.
not good for Catholics, since schism started in 16th century
why all those far-righters love Russia so much?
We have a bit of oil here so I guess your country
Not denying the importance of EU funding, but the 4% figure encompassess all the funds received from the EU.
And I genuinly don't know what the "right" response should be at this point, kicking Turkey out of NATO
You just think about the sentence in your language and then translate it word from word
I don't think many countries in the EU are ready for it yet
According to foreign movies and TV shows, there is a big shootout between CIA and FSB (aka KGB) agents every night in Prague
Huge Asian community, many strange and unique fusion foods, you can catch theme parks there if you haven't been to one yet.
Goriffee from Bratislava has been my favourite lately
it's subjunctive of "hacer". Here subjunctive expresses desire
It was a commercial for a new edition of Bible that was special in some way
For my family, Christmas movie is also S čerty nejsou žerty, I wonder if it's usual or only my family thing
Lidl does "[Retro weeks]" from time to time and sells some goods in retro packages, including bagged milk.
There are some minor cases - I believe beer is not allowed to be the cheapest drink in restaurants, but maybe it"s not true
Szczecin right
5) It's about damn time we stop this stupid war on drugs shenanigans
I mentioned it as an example of how politically active he still is
literally only in Germany, doesn't matter if I cross to Bavaria or Saxony, this is something I will encounter on first 10-20 kilometers
Seriously, Mate, are you not aware we are not all from Scotland here
Manmade: Coal mining in the Ústecký region (viz Starý Most)
Is it
I'd say they are, because only a few words are different
Mattine IT
Pirates are doing a fine job, but they are not too fond of populist bullshit which limits their reach
"*Tramtárie*". It's either a corruption of the word "*Tatárie"*/ "*Tartárie*" ("the land of Tatars") or just a meanigless onomatopoetic word, possibly connected with a sound of a fanfare ("*tramtarará*")
Like 100 billions euro per year
I heard that from NFKRZ I don't speak Russian but I was just curious
You can find on the internet that we have **0
I thought that was Balthazar
No, no no no no no NO NO NO NOOOoooooooOOOooo
Good point
Definitly didn't expect us to be that high, but interesting on how that correlates with the recent crackdown by the police on PublicAgent porn
Also fun fact I have Habsburg genes
Battle for france was almost 7 weeks, not 5
See how long it lasts before becoming a totalitarian hellhole
Meh:
Once you have a family, you can't just decide for yourself that you want to move, you have to take other people's wishes into consideration.
And we have one of the lowest homicide rates in Europe btw
Weed is not physically addictive and has less harmful effects than alcohol and cigarettes, plus it can be used to treat some mental illnesses for example
Thus by definition not a pedo
Same goes for food
I too, curse your bloodline
yeah, I would like an explanation why the terminal is on an island, it feels counterintuitive to have to cross the see again with pipes...
Now there are two of you
I guess never
Numbeo sets Berlin rent prices at cca 38% higher than in Prague.
I was only there as a tourist with a group a few years ago, so I don't remember that much but it was interesting
It was mostly about our history, HRE, Habsburgs and modern age
The state of affairs today in Czech republic - Prime minister - ex communist secret police agent (StB) and normalization communist
Can you see how it's different?
**Zlín:** shoe making, being called Gottwaldov during communist times (after the first communist president)
By the time of the Russians were seizing Crimea me and my friends, classmates at university and plenty of other people I know, we all did voice our protests to our politicians (we e-mailed people we voted for in our elections and/or in EU elections) to express we stand against this aggression and demand to take actions against it ASAP
A billion people would never risk the odds on trying to outsmart European guns.
It probably depends on the age of the kids and the social group in question
"(Die) Kurve" sound like "Kurva"
Wouldn't like to commute by it though
It is even worse
Remove the blue part (It was the representation of Slovaks anyway) So that people would have no chance to tell if it is Polish or Czech and the best part is that we wouldn't get confused with Philippines anymore
My friend has his Sa 58 (a former local assault rifle reworked into a semi-auto) registered for hunting, sport, and self-defence
More specifically, "oj" is the pole that connects cart with a cargo
I thought you get used to weird time
I remember being served this abomination in Austria
It is great how emotion inducing this is.
Czechia, but I really hate European climate and I'm trying to be at some warmer place whenever possible
The blame for the current situation can mostly be laid at Stalin, IMO.
Why do you delete your posts
you are already practising at a one of deadly sins, good job!
Seeing a sea is much more intense experience.
My country is 27 years old and it was founded in 1993
It doesnt have the means to force EU member states yet, except economic means or taking away their voting rights, their tried that with either Poland or Hungary, but luckily, that needs to be unanimous
5, slightly more great than not great, slightly less terrible than not terrible
The west could just buy mushrooms
Ours
I thought this was r/historymemes at first
(Do you have a black man behind your butt
Meanwhile the democrats use every chance they can get to provoke russia, want to disarm their own people and want to get rid of the 1 amendment and have hate speech laws.
We had a subject called 'rodinná výchova' which in english would be something like family education, where we were sopussed to also have sexual education, but the teachers usually don't do it anyway because they feel too akward
Million- milion or milión (both are grammatically correct)
I specifically said it's pragmatism from our side.
I would say the city of Brno
a thing i also find irritating, its September 10th and i already see Christmas shit in supermarkets, not even to October,
You can choose now
Prague is like a different world haha
What does one use in Polish then
It was such a tragedy
This gives "watching football from your own livingroom" a whole new context
We are headed there with my family next week
When I got to the last part of the title, I was really horrified for a moment
Best ones were my country and France and thinking about it
My family has been playing this game with me my whole life
we have to beat them to it with a referendum about the west of the country joining Bavaria
The bigger problem here is the delivery itself, it's pretty common they don't even try to deliver it, leave notice you weren't home although you did wait specifically for the package and you have to go to the post office (meaning official post service, private comapnies usually call you before the delivery and you can arrange what to do)
get a "Voditelj brodice kategorija B" in day or two and be a sea master :)
And Czech beer
and they say state companies cannot be efficient.
We haven't decided yet
After that it will be even harder to find a deal
The ~~pneumatics~~^(is this Euro English
Terrorists also usually have a criminal record of some sorts that would automatically disqualify them from owning a gun
Apparently if a film was deemed to be critical of the US, it would get a pass
[Hi materunchained.] Your [submission] was removed because it broke a rule.
On a more serious note, there is a good Czech documentary about the life of a neo-Nazi
There was a similar campaign in Germany in 1941
But to add some of them and not all doesn't make sense if you talk about all changes
Not sure if it's worth it though, you would utilize the AC only 2, maybe 3 months a year
But Czechoslovakia was independent only formally (1968 invasion and 20 years of occupation)
From the comments here one would think that Poland is gonna be a new North Korea
I'm not following it that much but it's mainly referred to as Pfizer
Using i/y is much more (lucky you you don't have the same shit in past tense as we do)
It must be because they are idiots, there's no other explanation
Communism isn't threat to the rich, but to the able.
We played this exactly once
This is funny to me that "Láska" means love in Czech
Czechoslovakia's separation was decided on a country-wide vote, actually.
One example of the campaign in Africka with Czech YouTuber shopaholic Nicole
Keen to explain what is behind that Mercedes thing?
People who wanted a higher education or applied for a leading position at work were often pressured to become members of the Party, this practice allowed the Party to have these people under control and also it discredited them in the eyes of political opponents
That's why when there's a group of men giving a woman unwanted attention, she's likely going to have all her internal alarms telling her to gtfo from that situation, because she can't see in their heads and know what they're capable of.
In the capital you would get by, outside you would have problems.
They made roman armies more efficient, but also were primary cause for the fall of the roman republic and the rise of the roman empire.
It's mostly things you don't think about
So as long as Slovakia continues to have christian holidays as state holidays, there is no real reason to add any more
Some corn syrup with one meal is healthier than 2 litres of wine.
Sounds like something a formal language theory student would come up with
Some millennial men who cook like to present themselves as God's gifts to humanity because they know it's still not the standard
They wanted third "reich" so there were two before, where they took inspiration: Roman Empire, German Empire
This is just how it is, you have the power to change things and influence others, so no matter what you do, you will always manage to piss off someone.
I mean, I won't be throwing stones from the glass house that is Czech
Yeah, that's the thing, you build on the knowledge of the past, you avoid the mistakes and you move forward.
edit: grammar
You mean the name fits, then
nice 15-20
Oh, thanks for the info
We wanted more minority rights.
Petersburg
"Czesko" looks really weird to me, because it's using Latin/Polish spelling for a Czech word
Wait you guys are fully independent
We've got a dairy product called "*pomazánkové máslo*" (approximate translation would be "spread butter").
We even got a kid
I hate it
I guess we're a never-ending soap opera
(Supposedly) the only people you should be wary of in these tourist areas are pickpockets.
Especially the kids being so interested in the camera and just goofing around, just like today
Wrong, it isn't about a right to own firearms.
It's about 25 degrees here (77° F) and sunny but last weeks thunderstorms caused some flash floods in some places, the Vltava cascade is full of water and still the weather is really volatile
After being betrayed like 4 times
I believe the president has 2 attempts and then someone like the Speaker of Chambers of Deputies or the Speaker of Senate has an attempt after the president
We will be annexed in few days :(
> The thing is, even without Masaryk, we would be autonomous or independent today
We didn't have crocks when I was at school, so I wore foam sliders
Relax, our elections are like this every now and then.
Hold on though, there is no X pronounciation in Czechia no
but we need more Greek restaurants!
of course you can, that's the source of my confusion
You want to see everything and you will see nothing.
In Europe we have that small isolated part of McDonald's where we can get coffee, smoothie or some dessert/cake/snack
There has been no significant Muslim immigration into the Czech Republic, despite it being a member of the EU since 2004 and the Schengen Area since 2007
But seeing what problems some of the more western countries have, I'd say we're not in a bad position
So yeah, it’s kinda supposed to be a balance (and they teach us in schools about said balance), but the reality is different
We consider ourselves being Central Europeans and basically "the most Central of all Central Europeans". We often talk about our country being "in the heart Europe" or when we are self-deprecating, then being "a beer belly of Europe" and generally consider ourselves being something between the East and the West
I saw "talking to real people" as the top skill level when I was in school, but it's actually much easier, because they can adapt to your level and re-phrase anything you didn't understand
ČT 1 (jedna) one of the four publicly owned tv channels here, the others being ČT 2 (dva) ČT 24 (dvacet čtyři) and the most recent ČT 3 (tři) they also have a kids channel which is an art channel after eight in the evening ČT D/art
combine that with mining history, military bases under totalitarian regime and you have a lot of creepy shit
Ironically Norway is notorious for stealing kids from their parents
As long as none are Latrina all should be well
Potato salad without mayo is heresy
VPN should solve this right
I think the three strike rule is a pretty good deterrent
I think it is popular in the former Soviet world, because of the lack of food
svou lásku slavík růži pěl, (nightingale sang his love to rose)
which would make it easier for China and others to do business, politics etc...
I hate that because I love food and this limits the things I can experience but I just can't get past it
Taliban means "students", talib is a student in Farsi (EDIT: arabic loanword)
Nicholas also on the 5th and so on
Forgot your ideological visions of the World and read for example *Frost comes from the Kremlin*  *Mráz přichází z Kremlu* *)* by Zdeněk Mlynář to understand elementary facts of the 1968-1970 history
I'd say probably that one time the future king of Bohemia (Joan of Luxembourg) and his wife (Elise Přemyslid) hid inside the city in the 14th century
Most (can be translated as Bridge) is one of the ugliest, typical communist architecture and poverty
This is what
\- Josef Švejk
Just a few Cessnas and Pipers, which is crazy given it's central location
I learned pretty young, probably around 5 y/o, with support wheels
Guess stories change through time
I like the colonial game in EU4 very much, and I enjoyed the tactic of exodus into America for the Basque, or for Brittany and Granada
That's why there was Vientam War and Korean War.
I am currently living in Munich, so I had to point it out
2 if we can get him out by mid-term elections.
Eastern Europe makes me sad
When she has a prepared talk, it is written phonetic Czech
> because the hungarian keyboard is already full of letters
In few schools there's a option to learn to cook
Yes, it doesn't have the big touristic attractions like Prague (and thus streets overcrowded with tourists), but other than that
Yes, that checks out
I never heard this version of the legend
He was one of the most iconic people on the internet, and reddit is an internet site
Let alone have a 'white Christmas'. It's depressing
And it’s definitely not full of foreign turists
look for huge black guys edit: I was told my comment is wrong, no problem with that, I never bough any kind of illegal substances so what do I know, have a good one
Many people also often write it as "email" but that's enamel, the hyphen is important
get anything with glonass, works better at 50 deg.
So the quarantine didn't affect my studies that much
Let the Czech Republic be zeroth!
I think OMON are similar to GSG9
Whenever I see an NL plate on the motorway I try as quickly and safely as possible to pass the Dutchie on the left hand side
So I guess good on him but yeah his voter base is insane
Sukhoi makes some of the best planes out there.
sounds like a new cool Tarrantino's movie
are u okay
Or when you ask "do you have a partner" you don't assume what gender is their partner but in Czech you kinda have to assume to create the sentence cause we don't have a neutral term so that causes that everyone just assumes you're straight
isnt in Italy some law that caps coffee price that is sold for "stand-up drinking" at 1Euro?
Without looking stuff up, I'd recall
I also still don't know who to vote for, but I know that I absolutely have to go to vote, because if people like us don't go to vote, then parties like the communists will have a higher share, because they're the ones with a stable voting base.
) makes Linz (actually traditionally called ''Linec'' in Czech) quite known, probably even better known than Insbruck and Salzburg
Czech doesn't sound the same as tjek
About the commies I mean
Honestly, this election was a huge debacle for republicans
Yeah that's only thing I miss here too
[THIS] is pretty much the answer
Disgusting leeches
You can even use Slovak as official language in your government related communication
I don't think she should've won (and if it was for PC bullshit, wow) but those racist comments are unnecessary and immature.
Not to redder to us as Northern Europe
We definitely know way less than it would be good to know
I noticed this in the late 1990s that they made episodes where Volk uses telephones Nokia etc.
If I used cans more regularly I would probably get a more modern one, but this takes minimal space and is good enough for the few times a year it's used
It does get better with age I found
They can speak Italian all they want in every part of our glorious union.
Parents worked for same organization, just in different countries
As a result of the Stalin-Tito split Yugoslavia was one of the founders of [the Non-Aligned Movement]
There were more of these massacres, where Czechs took revenge for the whole occupation period on German civilians
Svíčková is love, svíčková is life
I live in the Czech Republic and we have the letter ř Ř. I'm pretty sure none other than us has it
So you're quite normal
We have "We (speak) about shit and shit is on our shoes"
In Czechia you have to be privately insured but the health insurance companies are very controlled
I don't really know
000 people
This should be definitely more talked about
We use commas for decimal and space/dot for thousands
I believe it is because of the [Hussite] reformist movement in the 15th century (very interesting time period, we basically [kicked the shit] out of no less than five papal crusades).
Wedding rings are not supposed to have a gemstone, engagement rings have them.
Actually it's Čevabčiči, you uncultured peasant.
That we are part of Russia
"Silent/calm like in Siberia" (Ticho/klid jak na Sibiři) is a very common saying
My classmates were there and russian thugs wanted to beat them, cos they didn't speak russian.
It's one beer a day
Making money of poverty is huge issue here, and integration of Roma people often fails
Not an issue here, we only have to pay 3.5€ for ER, but I heard from some people in Poland to have this problem.
Or just Hradubice
But anyway, it's still British decision and if they want to leave, it's their choice, I certainly wouldn't be mad at them.
- The politicians WERE protesters
As far as I understand, childcare
-a at the end is common for colloquial shorter versions of given names
*cough* One Plzeň please, this other stuff is disgusting
Nope
Czech
You can choose whichever you like more
[Football tennis] (although Slovaks would possibly beat us)
And *then* they should decide if they want to leave in the first place.
Based
Definitely the era of Charles IV king of Bohemia (1346 - 1378) and Holy Roman Emperor
Děkuji is more formal
for example)
Been to Vienna during Christmas holidays 4 years ago and seen plenty of police walking around with assault rifles
In czech grammar handbook there are several pages for it
At 1989 we had 1/3 of wage of germany
I though about this and I see two issues with this
Which is a result of white supremacy, an ideology supported by Trump
But eating raw meat is certainly not just an European trait, what differs is the kind of meat that is culturally considered edible uncooked, for example consider the popularity of raw fish in Japan or beef in some countries of Southeastern Asia
You know you are also encouraging Le Pen voters by this, right
Well, the whole Czechoslovakia didn't really work out in the end and about 50 or 60 of those 100 years were kinda shit
One of the biggest poppy seed producer in the world
That party's going to suck
/s in case someone couldn't tell
our ex-President [Vaclav Klaus] is a known Euro-skeptic.
>To live in New York full of mafia families
I know plenty jokes about Slovenia but all of them are about its size.
Or with no money left:
My grandmas place is always 26,5, it’s hell
Translating Czech to English is usually fine but translating English to Czech is sometimes very hard for me even if I know exactly what that sentence means
As Czech I hate bread dumplings (except with  sirloin beef in cream sauce )
I mean when you look into our history, we have nothing to do with Eastern Europe except for those 41 years under communism
Not mine, I'm a cat person, but I recently took a pic of [friend's pug]
I certainly have and I'm yet to arrive at a concrete answer.
Sometimes guests are allowed to keep their shoes on - a big party, wedding etc
Also a well-known youtuber started to cut the locks, I hope that this becomes a tradition too
While in Czechia, they are either totaled and sold to Poland, where they are used to legalize cars stolen from Germany, or stolen to Poland for spare parts used to repair totaled cars
Breaking bad can work well in Czech setting
But you guys don't want that
You all are too panicking on this new directive - and media certainly don’t help in this case
It also seems to be a better choice for the society
Now that I'm looking at it again, 12 is Robert Fico, Slovakia, right?
And in other languages, it is a turn in the conversation
Řitka (small ass),
I don't understand why people still believe "Trump is dumb" when facts prove otherwise.
Why can Hungary have ,,hó" and Czech Republic can't have ,,sníh"?
Maybe we could work again
* Buses are big (12 or 18 meters)
hopefully not, when I travel across borders with a train I dont undergo any checks (Czech Republic, Poland, Germany, Austria and Slovakia train experience).
Same here in Prague
Nah you can [fit] whole Europe + USA + Texas in Texas.
Why should Europe support countries which are not their allies and don't share their cultural values?
Babiš, the CEO of Czech Republic
> Even the poorest and the workers are heavily taxed, despite our  'progressive' tax system
glad, we are on the other side this time
To be honest I like it
For example Franz Kafka, who was Jewish, born in Prague, wrote in German, even though he could speak Czech as well.
This looks better than it is
When you speak Moravian Czech, people think that you're some peasant
The data are based on LUZ (larger urban zone) by Eurostat.
That's not really unpleasent Czech truth though, that's more like unpleasent Russian truth.
We are the master lawbenders
Another one is the expectation for public services and such stuff to just work, I know French people complain about their bureaucracy a lot too, but he definitely wasn't ready for some of the messes here
The industry preys on vulnerable people who want to earn money and are (yes) often too stupid at that point to recognise the impact of that choice on their future lives
Before the WWII, the church was seen as enemy of the Republic by a lot of people
If what you have told me is true then o kurwa
However the feminine form of the surname is different from the masculine form
Romania did it as a good example
Holodomor was man-made and affected agricultural regions of the Union.
The eastern half of NATO has been stepping up in recent years in light of Ukraine and the Western half has learned about its stockpile mistakes from 2011 Libya.
Why not
Actually, after the revolution and throughout the 90s it was super popular to wear huge logos of western brands cause it had been forbidden fruit until then
Masaryk and others simply seized the opportunity and did something that Czechs didn't for a long time - they stood up for our nation and decided that they don't want to rely on some other, foreign government to be so kind and grant us autonomy and equal status
If it's so important to them, let them leave.
Prague, Jihlava, Znojmo and several other cities have pretty big underground (tens of square kilometers)
They still killed 10+ people and injured dozens
Love it and it makes the story more believable
They had foreign relations expert to talk about it
\*Cries in Czech*
Czech Republic*
I definitely recommend doing your research beforehand so that you have a very good idea of where you're going to be staying and what you're going to be doing.
I'm living in one of the smallest distrcits in Prague and we don't even have a football pitch, but for some reason we have one for rugby, so local kids tend to join the club
Step #1 should be arresting (and hopefully jailing for a long-long time) the members of NGOs that bring over people from Libyan and international waters to Italy
So the president has the prime minister in his pocket and PM won't go against him
There were disputes over the brand name in the past and American company won - they can use word Budweiser referring to the Czech city (I think that it is okay as well)
Nevertheless, through him we have lost independence for centuries
There is Brno which is laughing stock for people from all of the country and then there is the capital- Prague which is a laughing stock from people from Moravia
Here's a list of countries by rail usage
I don't live in affected areas even don't know anyone who does.
They are worth bullets, not million dollar bombs.
90% of the people over here *hate* it.
The further right you go the more polish it sounds so yeah, anything past essentially Brno is just unintelligible
As far as I'm aware, all the countries/entities all the way up to the year 1198 (founding of the Kingdom of Bohemia, not sure how is it with the preceeding duchy) are considered Czechia's legal predecessors
Just to support a language that will die out like most others in a few hundred years?
A phone (with subscription), a laptop and a car all free to use for personal use as well
It's usually a table close to the bar, in older pubs, it's together with the bar in an entrance room called mázhaus, separated from the main room further inside called lokál. In smaller or newer pubs it's at least visually seperated from other tables
Their German is the most understandable
However a lot of those things you listed is really stuff that we did to ourselves, not to other nations and you can't deny that when it comes to international relations, we really were more on the victim side.
During upper elementary school we had had "Family Education" which was a subject covering everything from family relationships to etiquette to racism to drugs to sects to sex ed
I would not say it's completely impossible.
My mum is a dental nurse so she makes sure I never skip
I started in 2nd grade (age 7/8) and it took me until age 19 to be able to actually have conversations in real life and even longer to comfortably watch movies without subtitles
Czech republic included ? Good
is there some more complexity
When two cars meet and can't fit on the roads, you'll have to drive back or find a place to pull over
But seeing what problems some of the more western countries have, I'd say we're not in a bad position
It tastes nice and is pretty green without any bloody peppermint in it.
Everything from the Romantic era
Haha
Actually no, in 1946 KSČ only got around 40%, so it was only a plurality and not a majority
I've always held ths profession in high regard
Made from coffee roasting leftover in pharmaceutical company.
That's kinda all
Rakousko-Uhersko
Whats's one event or period from your country's history that still makes you angry?
And many more
I'd say 160k illegal migrants coming to Italy is pretty damn worrisome, specially since many of these people have no shot at getting asylum, thus they won't get a work permit but at the same time, they won't get deported, because we still have no deals with African countries.
If its more hilly and there are small mountains in the distance, it is probably Czechia ;)
Overpriced food, scamming taxi drivers and exchange offices, kitschy "street artists" on the Charles Bridge, souvenir shops full of ushankas with Soviet emblems, private museums of wax figurines or whatever that have nothing to do with local culture
Users should be allowed to upload and make available content generated by users for the specific purposes of quotation, criticism, review, caricature, parody or pastiche
Can confirm that it is not a thing here
Well I knew that it was used and had similar meaning in other Slavic languages but I didn't know it existed in other non-related languages like Hungarian too
Of course, the fuel costs something
It took until 2009 for the countries to exchange diplomatic notes
We got one of the biggest beer cultures in the world
yes, that did happen
Fuck neo-nazis and antifascists
Or any other language, frankly
Leber = Liver
Wonder if anyone would want to guess those cities
Fair, that has been my experience of knowing Serbians for decades
Well since the only reason to do that would be to finally get sea access the only logical choices would be Poland and Germany
Wow, see
By law you are required to have 20 days off, but a lot of companies offer 25 among other benefits to lure people, because there's not enough work force to fill in for demand.
100 years ago every single country only cared about themselves.
" "Who is calling you
Nah, you're never more than a few kilometers away from villages, hiking trails, tourists etc
We didn't have crocks when I was at school, so I wore foam sliders
It's worth noting that a lot of people use QWERTY too, but QWERTZ is the "default" option
Not everyone are alcoholics
The Empire would probably fallen apart in big civil war sooner or later
Döner is the safe late night choice here as well and I'm not complaining
I don't think you understand how big an investment it is for resource-scarce islands like Cyprus to import expensive fuels
Would like to see that
Today, many are much better educated copared to their grandparents/parents (who came often as illiterate).
Yeah, I used to be able to make hills of snow on or backyard and jump into it, now Im lucky if I can get some snow to at least ride down on a piece ofcardboard
After a while of chatting we then found out she is Slovak, so we switched to our native languages, it was a funny little encounter
Well I guess that you are probably talking about the infamous Vietnamese markets which are selling fake brands, cigarettes without the stamp (Gebührenmarke),... which are also illegal in Czechia and you can hear about police searches at those places periodically in the media
China evidently decided to use their economic power to force their politics to foreign countries
As for uni studies, you'd have to pass entrance exams for most bachelor programmes (not that hard).
100% agreed
a sandwich at a square, an espresso, walk to another square, rest in the shadow, take another street back
[Sencor] \- not B2B but a lot of people doesn't know it's Czech
^Yeah, ^let's ^put ^it ^that ^way
96% of 83% in a "referendum" at gunpoint with a credibility rating of Zimbabwean dollar.
We're technically a parliamentary democracy, though power has seemingly been slipping more into the presidents hands
Poland itself nearly fully robbed Moscow's treasury when they've taken control of it during the early 17th century.
Nope, it's [this
look for huge black guys edit: I was told my comment is wrong, no problem with that, I never bough any kind of illegal substances so what do I know, have a good one
Ok this one goes in my DnD campaign
But I also enjoy a good Mediterranean game - Byzantium for Rome, Italian minors for the challenge
Here, in Czechia only 300 people died
Brexit however forces the two sides to have a real border
We can't erase that history either, that would be like getting rid of all the memorials to absolutist monarchs or the Catholic church because they were also oppressing our people
We had so much dill plants there
Yeah no, basically no one from Czech republic denies the holocaust
Just look at the front page, just now there is one article about a half of Lithuanian refugees leaving for Germany.
1997,2004,2005,2009,2013  just pick one
Largest I found is 148 m² with garage on the outskirts of Brno
Google videos and photos from 1920, dance parties, sport performances, and you'll see that the armpits are shaved
Evening may - the time of love
Great idea, but not the Habsburgs, I suggest someone from Poděbrady
We have a sturdy licencing system but if you meet all the requirements you can buy almost anything except full-autos and hollow point ammo (but thats also because of the EU)
I love them, but not in the practical sense
This soon ended his political career
o shit waddup
Perhaps OP doesn't remember it, but 10 years ago Lidl was utter shit, and their slogan was, literally, "Lidl is cheap". A few years ago they rebranded to "Lidl is the right choice" and "The best from Czechia and Europe" and rebuilt shops, quite often starting from scratch (bulldozing the existing one)
Ok and how do you call grilled cheese then
And I'm also working my way trough the Witcher 3 DLC since I got myself a Steamlink (and DS4 controller).
I only got to visit Birkenau because the trip was on short notice and we couldn’t prebook tickets
I can legally meet with at most one person outside of my family or workplace and we must wear masks the entire time
An article like this one linked might be a good trend, no matter some ommisions.
Moravians made fun of people who wrote they are not Czech but Moravian in the lastest census so
Oh man, thats cool
It will lower the number of children being advantaged on this (though of course, some of them will always borrow their parents' or whovever's ID but even that's okay if it will raise parents' interest in what their children are doing online), and in a long run, the loot box mechanism may cease to be a profitable model for the companies
I was reffering the article OP posted, from Independent.
It means "Stick your finger through the neck"
France, Turkey, Greece seem to be wrong.
-"Shut up, Yoda, and eat your toast
Yeah, that's snow all over it
" -awkard silence- "Okay\~" ... Now apparently, I am meant to unravel all my plans to him to start conversation
But just the idea of relocating to different country is scary to me
A prostitute snatched a phone from my neck when I was in elementary in exchange for used Sparta prague tickets
Glad to hear that
This will not be easy
), easier to remember
I don't know a single Czech who could speak and write Slovak at any degree of fluency
Economical problems often lead to increased crime/political instability etc.
yes, [Nové Město na Moravě (New Town in Moravia)]
I would also say our government uncapable of actually doing anything that is prosperable for the people
Italy needs a long term plans and not wasting public money on a free gift away actions.
Look at the beautiful Lothlórien there.
Wow, I really like this new pokemon map
Summer
Screw Euro and federalisation
Charles IV
Interpreting last thousand years as living "under the German boot" is a perfect example of the bullshit that was rammed down our throats last 150 years by our nationalist elites
Personally I can do all of them on a map but I am an exception in that regard
True, there will be smugling, but most people will want to buy it legally
You can see mouflons waiting for a green light or wander in parks nearby place I was grown, coypu colonies in close to downtown part of Prague, boars near fields and pretty much every small animal, beech martens, badgers, foxes, squirrels, ground squirrels
Deciding on an index fund in USD, EUR, or CZK
I completely agree that his illegitimate Presidency shouldn't be recognized by the international community, but it does seem a bit hypocritical to only make a big movement out of not recognizing him now, as opposed to 20 years ago
Těší- oh
Before the restoration, you can see some elements of the facade are darker than others, such as the columns and cornices
Germany, in the other hand, seems very different in accepting piercings, tattoos, amd smoking
I know my highschool classmate attended university in other city but she stayed with her parents and did 100 km commuting every morning and it was considered hell weird.
[last name]".
You were talking about the migrant crisis.
Would you guys stop, lol
The Czech dubbing of the Simpsons, especially the early seasons, was amazing overall
Countries like Bulgaria, Greece, Slovenia that have been pro-Russia now you add Turkey.
We'll be fighting over every piece of pizza with Slovakia, then complaining about everything, pointing at Germany and Russia, gossiping about others, went over to table where Great Britain is sitting, scream at them they betrayed us, get's back, get's blackout drunk with Slovakia, went home, calling them "my brother" singing various traditional songs and state anthems
Egypt - ancient times, Nile, Crocodiles, extremely densely populated, Suez canal and crisis
* František Palacký
Poland what the fuck is wrong with you
The "dragon" (in Brno)
This literally entails mass censorship of the internet
I see you Bohemia of 814, you will experience golden age and fall in the centuries to come, stay strong girl
Well you mean like right before 1918
how it looked in the 19th century, it's from a website of a project that was restoring the facade
They also repeatedly attacked pro-Trump supporters.
Some time ago I read someone concerned with the Irish survival, who claimed that the new generation of schoolchildren (gen
Not cool EU
Hussites used firearms as an imporat part of their doctrine
I think there's worse combinations tbh
That's where The Mentalist operates
Hah, typical :D :D
I always see Asian tourists in CZ and I've also been to Sapa.
Introduced reddit to my gf, she said it is too nerdy.
I guess it will be the same for guns, except the faster guy has a better chances of surviving
We had many small gold glitters rather than 1 long golden era
The first and last one are the same, it seems to me
Honestly, I don't know, I just feel like replying a lot today.
and they are welcome too (as far as I can tell from my experience).
You can even carry a sword, if you want
Can China just
Ostrava dialect sounds a bit lower class
Latest news I heard is they need to change rule that you need to score at least 90 on IQ test to join the force.
Proud
Muslims are a negligible minority of migrants
Until "millenials" become thing on the internet, I had no idea generations are named or anything
Šumava z Billy na moc nevyjde, ale k jídlu to zrovna není.
Our private sector would very much benefit from the "political" things I've mentioned.
Upvoted for bravery, of admiting doing such crimes
well there is barely any *left* in PL, so it is not left (socialism)/right (liberalism) but more like conservative/liberal (both being right winged).
Comfortable
A lot of things to see there as a tourist, and it feels great to live there
It's probably not that shocking that some people would interpret Erdogan's statements as deliberately flaming hatred of the West in the muslim world and hence indirectly encouraging such attacks
I guess Barandov Studio is the closest to what you're describing
ignite - podpálit - underburn
You mean Moldovia stole it from Austra.
Europe will relatively decline because other regions will develop
The Munich Betrayal, or more specifically what followed it
Is it the same to speak in Czech and English ?
Ah, thanks for catching that
Sweden could then say the stolen artifacts are reparations for whatever contract was broken back in the 17th century.
I have about five in my fibula head + some other piece of metal
To me, Hungarian, as well as Finnish, sounds like it has no intonation
Lmao I understand, already admitted my mistake and my apologies again
she was in a position of "kill or to be killed" as a resistance member.
Sadly, it will probably first have to be demonstrated in real world usage before sufficient evidence is available
We went there during advent (a few weeks before Christmas)
This just proves, that those who go hard for personal gains, see ideology only as a tool to get what they want.
Kurva=slut
Well, I guess it goes both ways.
I would support any EU effort to increase worker mobility and unify our labour markets.
Generally it's words with the "th" sound, words with "rl" in them and words with more than one r in somewhat close proximity
Americans go to Walmart and have shotguns next to bread
I’d say that Heydrich is kinda forgotten, but I’m not sure
Usually, any dialectal feature is frowned upon, and getting corrected by some  pedantic teachers is common
Yeah, exactly
"is eh-oo
In other languages, it may sound better
Yeah definitely
If you had your own currency it would be 62 CZK which is almost double the value of €.
In one specific instance a cyclist threw herself at full speed into me and a crowd of other people trying to cross the street, ringing her bell like a maniac and yelling at us to get out of the way
1st president and of the what we can call founding Fathers (They called themselves Maffia)
Probably cats
Ah, OK, that wasn't so complicated after all
I usually sleep like 8-9 hours even when I have to wake up at 6AM
The causes of the explosions are related to the increasing demands of ammunition supplies before and during World War
Czechia can almost into Western Europe.
And your minister of health attacking Czechs for their use of nuclear power
Prussia is no more, Prussian germans too, and Prussian military culture died for good with WW2.
I wasn't indenting to question his nationality or origin in detail since then I would have to list what you did
it seems, that ignorance works as well
What border
I’d like to give you a piece of advice but I never learnt Czech as a foreigner ofc
So if you dislike someone, the way to go is visiting their sauna and breaking the sauna code of ethics in it
I´d like to see more nuclear everywhere
In Czechia, I’d say that [marlenka] It was made in Czechia based on Armenian recipe tough
Nothing harmful, noone complains
Every other country is from 2018 data
And now you have bricks flying everywhere
I wonder if it is a case in some other countries.
I consider myself a federalist for sure and I couldn't despise nationalism more
It's kinda the same when people say "But there are bad people in your own country too!"
What is a dark fact about your country not many people know about
I know, but maybe the 18-24 age group that now lives in the UK will want to spend a semester in the EU in the future?
Depends on what flavour of apocalyptic cult you are subscribed to.
But I don't think we have something with exactly the same meaning and I'd probably just use "rozumím" (I understand) or "aha, dobře, fajn" (like "ok") to accept but not make statement about my opinion
I usually shop in Aldi because it's the cheapest
We were about the pay and asked for a card payment
Technically Czechia is also a whatsapp country but I don't know anyone who uses it
For example, there was this minister that the socialists (cabinet minor party) wanted to resign, since he was nominated by them and didn't do a good job
Pretty sure people call those chairs
We got like 5 hours of snow in Prague on one afternoon, but it melted overnight
When I was working in Netherlands I lived in Den Bosch which is compared to Amsterdam small city  without much turist and everytime I went to coffeshop there was full
-Cynická svině (Sarcastic news)
Before the fall of communism there was zero to none legislature to protect the environment except for some basic stuff for national parks, so the quality of air was of course terrible even for a country focused on heavy industry.
Those are not massive events though.
I am not afraid of the current situation, but I doubt my abilities will be the same as 6 months ago
I can understand moving the to Germany
What I find ABSOLUTELY retarded is MM/DD/YYYY format of date writing.
For Czech,
It was actually Gorbachev who stopped our bolsheviks from basically gunning down protesting students
Pretty much the only thing I can think of is [Polárka] It's a multipurpose hall used as a [shooting range] [ice hockey rink] etc
Also some consonants are palatalized before i    but that could be solved making palatalization explicit - e.g. writing *ťi* instead of *ti*.
It's a thing, but it's dwindling
If we could see gender representations of individual countries in /r/europe, I'd like to compare them with the [reddit ranking] by countries.
How do you translate that, "Máš za zadkem strom"?
It's actually good that Orbán is doing things like this
Why
I guess that's a question for the historians
It's unclear where does he come from tho, the "living tradition" includes no mention of his origin
Thats right, you need a licence for a stupid pepper spray
John didn't speak Czech
Might be also different locally.
Hungarians didn't like Habsburgs and there were revolts against Austrian rule, Czechoslovaks were so fed up with Austrians, that big chunk of our units just switched sides and went fighting for allies as Legionaries (really Interesting stories actually
Which is also a big reason for opposition to it
That's why this year especially sucks
It is so naive to expect that the campaign for the second referendum would be without lies and deceptions
The ones in the wider center are mostly infrastructure or wartime objects
for me, it is my real life experience, I do realize that there are few dutch people without the campers etc.
It's dirty outside and no one wants that dirt in his living room.
What I can recall from this period is this song: [Pánubohu do oken] It is/was quite popular one and you could hear it in pub sessions.
huh at least you know we exist which is nice
Priceless
Especially with Brexit, I foresee the UK focusing more on NATO and taking the leading defensive role in Europe, particularly in Eastern Europe.
In czech its veverka
* tě: 2nd person singular informal "you" in accusative case, you-single-informal being an object
The Charles Bridge
Please read up on statelessness, and international treaties concerning it.
He broke most of campaign legal rules during his "no campaign", lied and took money from companies that are receiving favours now
Polish people keep arguing, that their government is worse than ours
Not /r/Europe anymore
(we still love you, your beloved ČVUT)
I live in the western Czech Republic
I always have to laugh when people make fun of me for "wasting" money on Apple products, but then they buy a new crappy Android every 1-2 years, while I still use my over 6 years old iPhone 6
Freedom to work and study in each country without any discrimination
Just because my card was issued in another EU country
Tbh they had always high unemployment.
Definitely the expulsion of Germans from Czechoslovakia after WW2
I have no idea how common those rules actually are, but when I see articles about them online, it's pretty confusing
I was wondering how they could penetrate him by accident and had to open the article to find out that it was a truncheon.
And you know what
Maybe because schools are for teaching, and not for brainwashing
I'm moving there in two weeks
Masaryk himself was Czech
Other countries like Germany don´t plan to fix their systems.
It’s wasn’t common name tho
Tbh, I have never heard the word, have you
Except a bit differently - drevokocúr.
When he was sworn in that number was almost 70%.
If even then you don't see a chance, I say go clean shaven
That means there must be someone using those abandoned tunnels for God knows what
People aren't usually very angry when you call it that, but they might consider it a bit rude
About two times for half an hour
Looked up Manětín and it's actually a nice looking little town
Boom, no more money exchangers.
I've read a test report of Nutellas made in IT and in PL available in CZ and DE markets and they were almost same.
but I'm into maps and geography so it's not a good example
In Czechia the barkeep wouldnt care, and he would likely ask if you want Griotka (Cherry  flavour liquor),  Egg nog or Zelená ('The Green', liquor with appearance and taste of mint mouthwash)
Very nice, thanks for writing this.
If you use it friendly, I would translate it as "dude"
But youth in general tends to be liberal while the older people get conservative, but it isnt the case in PL.
I heard it this way _Make Britain Great Again_, which is actually witty.
My mom always wanted the door locked, especially after one of dad's colleagues who was looking for him just entered because nobody heard his knocking and basically went through our house without anyone noticing while my mom was showering
It’s all based on corruption, buying state businesses for fraction of their value, building an empire big enough to crush or assimilate any competitor
We are closer to Germans than Russia lol
Alternatively, you can use any other OSM renderer, like osm
And about his nobility
I think Luxembourg has a total ban
Beer drinking and throwing politicians out of windows
So I'm in
It's really bad and we're not doing fine
Joan is a female name
when you are gay and you get frustrated in your country sometimes, remember there is Poland
So I've calculated the overall sum, it's a deficit of €14.22bn.
*apvout
Damn
or I could believe Putin, who has already pledged military aid to Lukashenko
She told me once that if i said "i don't know" once more, she would give me mark 5 for every "i don't know" after that and 'deal with me' this way, so glad she isn't on the school anymore
It's not that easy, nobody in their right mind would argue that Czechia has existed only for 27 years
Dunno about silesia but I'm Moravian and pretty sure people here would be lol
I am pretty sure we have much more than ~750 pornstars
This literally entails mass censorship of the internet
No, only one word but I would know it’s very vulgar
There's also the original meaning of "zavináč": [rollmops]
It was so annoying like twenty people saying thank you again and again lol
Yeah, it's mostly tourists
**Sorbian:** Very similar to Polish when written, especially Upper Sorbian
Asti FIN
This is one of the few bright spots on an otherwise shit smeared canvas
It would be rather like Northern England leaving the South, so that is very unlikely.
I can't bring myself to truly believe there's a deity, or anything beyond the material or an afterlife, although I gravely (see what I did there,) hope there is.
I disagree with your opinion on nationality in 19th century
Don't know how you can put up with that.
Also some geographical locations (like **Worcestershire**) are pretty hard to pronounce too, but they don't come up in conversations that often
Once someone has presented his opinion publicly it is very hard to convince that person otherwise, people dont like to look like fools
>German influence
Děkuji is more formal than děkuju
I am sure the EU will still be blamed for it.
My first experience using it was rather weird.
Of course there is also visible in past years Santa but that's probably the same all around EU
It's more complicated
For one, her son is Prince *Charles*, but the beheaded one was *Karel* Stuart
Do you have any figures about family reunifications?
Is this a joke attempt or are you serious
I am from podebrady and i can only say its true
The South Moravian one expressed regret occasionally about the expulsions, saying it ruined some villages
That one is actually interesting, since a lot of people that came to power after the revolution were on very prominent places of power or knowledge in the old regime while the "political" faces of the regime get deposited
If anyone is going into this research and compare old and current, I would also like to see the trends
Alternatively, you shout: *"Beru ti štěstí!"* (I take your luck) or abbrievation: *"BTŠ!"*
I am pretty sure 99% of popes were Italian.
That's way too much - at least for me and other supporters of "small state".
How many screws
Austria- well this is wierd
Are you sure
There are many more countries which I would put in the second tier, but still with some nice stuff
If the general stereotype of Central/Eastern Europe is a bunch of patriarchal homogenous nationalist manly he-menz who are staunchly anti-women's rights, anti-minority rights, pro-traditional family in the most oppressive sense of the word and wouldn't know a modern value if it slapped them in the face, there's bound to be a group of idiots who'll start claiming that the fantastical concoction is actually desirable
Just beep
It's horror poem about a girl not being careful enough, being kidnapped by vodník into the lake, him marrying her and having child with her
But there are many exceptions and also whole context came to play and might change the rule
Czechoslovakia is still way better known in the UK or US than the Czech Republic even though it doesn't exist for 27 years
I like the attitude, no one was pissed off because of my mistakes, no one was pissed off because I speak Spanish while my English is better
All of my Czech friends were talking about all the terrible things about Babiš, And in my head I was thinking, "I wish he was my president
I don't know if [denormal numbers] would suffice
I don't know how badass it is but i think that kladivo and kovadlina (anvil) souds good for the clanking of forge
Oh you guys are the ones to talk :D. I think we could spend the afternoon looking for conflicting and hilarious Czech-Polish expressions
So if you dislike someone, the way to go is visiting their sauna and breaking the sauna code of ethics in it
I live in a town with a Hydrogen cianide factory, I would feel safer if we have just a simple nuclear reactor here
bráško - bro (but a bit more emotionally colored or however you wanna say that - it's just more like "little bro" or something)
You mean Germany
Would Poland agree to give back the lands it received from Germany in 1945?
Not even Kofola
I wouldn't mind those strings at all.
Berlin is much cheaper and they have free language classes for immigrants.
TV is completely irrelevant nowadays
Tři sta třicet tři stříbrných křepelek přeletělo přes tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech
We still have yearly check-ups covered, they save money in long time.
Most also has a Romani ghetto/hood called Chánov, which
Just the *fuel* costs for natural gas even in the CCGT plant are comparable to *full* costs of a renewable generator these days
> and then decided to call it a day
Facts get twisted or ignored
Does this mean "best time in history to invade Russia in winter"?
I understand the anger and disillusion of some of those people, but it's not the fault of EU.
I mean some places in the Karvina District are fine, but generely nothing special
yes please
Eh, spending is not the answer.
Even those people who would have not normally visit pubs that frequently.
Hlína (dirt),
It does make sense though to be called central, both in geographical and cultural sense
The guy is extremely popular in the country.
Yes, that seems about right
>Far be it that the King of Bohemia should run away
Last metro starts from its terminal station at midnight.
This is the thing with Turkish immigrants in Europe...they're often more conservative than Turks living in Turkey.
I am half Czech and half Greek
>drink the same alcohol
One country will always be more effective and efficient than 28 countries, each with their own standing militaries and policies.
Definitely the first or second line of "Máj" by Karel H. Mácha
The "main face" in this argument is the mayor of Řeporyje - Pavel Novotný. He even made a memorial for them
Still missing "drunk hunter hunt himself" but this is just about the time
>How are Atheists viewed as in your country
I wouldn't expect that
Nazis were really shocked when they occupied us and opressed and slaughtered people and they made jokes about it all the time
Northern Hungary joke didn't disappoint
Because that's how you start war!
I always felt that the main reason was a pragmatic one.
I hate it
The Czech public TV has recently made a series called The Czech Century with each episode covering one important event of the Czech history in the 20th century.
We are not wealthiest part of EU so 11pro is for average czech salary
Probably Luxembourg
Starting 30 years war would probably count
I took mine and got C2
it's subjunctive of "hacer". Here subjunctive expresses desire
Jaja sehr gut
Last data shows another increase by 30k between 1/2016-11/2016 to 493 505
But the drinking usually consists of beer and some shots anyway, so it’s not really drinking
Language purists were partially successful: official language was reverted to early 1600s form (this is why official form may sound unnatural today), and radical proposals were abandoned
There aren't many reactions from the public now.
That doesn't seem plausible from the physics perspective, considering the existence of mean gas molecule velocities (for the same reason why guns using gunpowder can't fire projectiles at arbitrary velocity and even at just several km/s, you already have to switch to [pure hydrogen] to accelerate projectiles further)
We were part of ton of countries trough the history, most recently part of the Eastern Block as Czechoslovakia.
Pubs getting closed
Thats unimaginable
Probably just the kids
Although the rules used to be less strict in the past so a lot of non-integrating assholes managed to get in.
Vatican with its wealth collected from peasants over the centuries and with its influence, could manage some support for those poor souls.
> Czechoslovakia was called awful and ridiculous
Also, we don't put anything in front of general nouns (*a* cat etc
Yeah, those tongue twisters are cool, but řeřicha is nice example of our language
German beer is highly regarded in the world as a whole, while the Dutch Heineken is one of the most common brands worldwide
Vasto IT
TIL I should move to Faroe Islands
I couldn't really care less
Personally, I like the idea though
Leberkäse tho is not "liver cheese", but a [meatloaf] If you want a meatloaf with cheese, it's Käseleberkäse, i.e. cheese-livercheese
My uncle is quite a fan of guns and took my brother to shooting range with real guns couple of times but I personally didn't go.
Also similar to western Romania, in that there is a reasonably sized Czech minority still living there
That's pretty much all I need for a happy work life
Then feed THEM two main meals and dessert
Also the story how Czech goverment bought these APCs which was amphibious but after our armor upgrades they are too heavy to float so now it is ground only vehicle is also funny because goverment paid 3 times bigger money than for example Pandurs exported to Portugal, because the want amphibious version
Usually whole classes of high schoolers go to these courses when they are 14-16
For example, he promised to repeal some of the provisions of Obamacare but now he is saying he will keep them.
Nah, Brno
well at least you make the big bucks because everyone else is shunning math.
There was more Germans in Bohemia than Slovaks in Slovakia - so as far as the state was concerned, there was a langer 'Czechoslovak identity', for the sake of being bigger and better than Germans
After they are able to budget, try to give them money for example for commuting to school, food
is that not a thing anymore?" It's not funny, it's just distastful.
But frankly if I'm looking at the progress made, it doesn't look that good.
And where is that
I am from the country which has "Socialist Republic" in the official country name till March 1990.
I hope we don't lag behind Poland, and Slovakia.
So we would start off with a bloody riot over whose beer is better
It's just shit
I have come across this many times.
Vast majority of Gaul spoke vulgar Latin
Czech Republic lies in the middle of the continent both geographically and culturally.
I think we will experience another war in Europe during our life time
Also Slovaks, Bratři, or Bratia
And I’d rather pay for the highway, these people don’t value their time (or you’re really expensive)
Rohlíky
The main obstacle is the letter ř [r̝̊]
Yeah, I would also be pissed off, if 80% of my country was occupied and actually somewhere completely different than the remaining 20%.
As a Praguean, if you find someone to complain to please let me know
Terrible experience, never drank gin afterwards
* **Ostrava:** A grimdark (post)industrial city full of unemployed miners, everybody speaks in a funny, short-voweled dialect and is half Polish
It doesn't help that many of the Democratic supporters were waving Mexican flags (they were born in the US, wtf) and had no common ties to Mexico or the culture.
* fatherland — otčina
they have mountains over 2000meters,Atlas is almost 3000, totally possible.
Many people believe that our prime minister is a good person and has only good intentions for everyone
40% want communism back
Some countries might be overly nationalistic, but they're not pro-Russia.
What language is this written in
(Or we got more eggs than we need but try to say no to relatives)
* James I = Jakub I.
You mean sweatpants and worn-out t-shirt
Younger people go to bigger cities to study or work, while older people either stay or get tired of the city hustle and move to a nicer house in the countryside
Might have as well erased borders with Poland for more accuracy
Veselé Vánoce
Now the year is remembered rather as a start of the Soviet occupation.
I remember reading somewhere that the name is considered to be very ancient and probably of non-Slavic origin
In general commuting in Prague is not really a thing  unless you have it close and flat, you don't mind taking 3x longer route due to terrain, you are fit enough to handle terrain,  you don't mind weather will be often against you and you don't shit yourself cycling in traffic
So they might have to go through the same shitty situations just like the Polish people do.
Apparently if a film was deemed to be critical of the US, it would get a pass
I would say that it could be one of these three:
Non-alcoholic beer is everywhere in CZ and considered an acceptable choice if you've got a reason for it
I want my grandkids to look like me and my ancestors, not someone from Egypt
That's why it's brought up in EU to make awarness about this problem and unfair behaviour.
Aha ok I was just trying to shoot some popular name from the bookstore's window as the children books didn't work and I couldn't remember the 50 shades' author :-)
Right on brother
People mention laptops as benefits
Břeclav was honestly pretty nice, at least the center
For afroamericans we usually use "černoch" which basically means black but people know you're referring to afroamericans
We are the most atheist country in Europe, so
He's bringing a different perspective to otherwise Western European-dominated Brussels institutions.
You think polish language doesn't have enough vowels?
So there are two Christian holidays, arguably three even if Jan Hus day has more of a historical than christian impact
I take this into consideration and still feel the world was mostly calm
Isn't that similar to a Spanish tortilla
I don't think it would hurt us to finally realize that we are the largest trade block on the planet, and we don't have to take shit from anyone, not US, not China nor Russia.
There is probably more
The explosions caused damage up to 6 kilometers from the explosions
Do I have to pay a tax now
Sloup (pillar)
And just to be clear - yes, this is generalizing, not everyone is like this
My flatmate got one recently because she's a coffee enthusiast and wanted to see if having filtered water would improve the coffee taste
We've had 2 days above 30 and don't know how many days above 25
Like Adam and Eva
From a realpolitik point of view, having Turkey in NATO is waaaay more important than supporting a minor player in the grand scheme of things
Obviously communities can decide, but did someone ask them directly?
Or 1 minute to "the jew", where you only go if you really cba to go anywhere else (guess why).
They were not able to take Ukraine when it was in shambles or Afghanistan even at their peak power
Politically, I like how well you got yourselves out of the whole communist bullshit.
Yes, you can have towel around if you are shy
we do not have to let Serbian citizens into the country for 90 days, if we decide to cancel the agreement between the two countries.
That man in the pictures is famous.
There are apps at google store simulating all popular game lootboxes (CSGO, FORTNITE
Lives were lost and should be commemorated no matter who lost more.
Yes, it is the one
Byli and bili are pronounced the same way
We should push for Czech to be used instead of English in Brussels after Brexit.
Basic problems = same as current EU.
If in general, we sometimes joke about them being actually Hungarian.
No, I am not aware of any tradition connected to this day
Thanks
Osaka, Tokyo, Hiroshima, Nagasaki and
Czechs reject the label of Eastern Europe because they also like to feel superior to everyone to the East of them, so it's like a slur to them
Draslík-K
For example, Slovenia is much more industrialised than the rest of Balkans
Wow, see
I mean it wasn't intentional, we were visiting family in western France for Christmas and just spent a few days in Paris along the way, but I guess most other tourists cancelled because of the strike
So about 200 years old
That's just never gonna happen on a large scale until there's an actual convergence in the salaries between EE and WE.
Sorry man I was reacting because I thought it has something to do with the Czech Republic
No, our cells can not reproduce till infinity because of [Hayflick limit]
And yet, it still seeks money from the EU
This might help Russia with its sphere of influence though.
Uniformy z druhé světové jsou povoleny
Now, I don't believe Ubi could do the story justice
Svatá říše římská (Holy Roman Empire)
He also bought huge chunk of local media using it as a club to crush his political opponents (there are recordings of him giving these instructions)
The colour scheme always looked weird to me
So, because Turkey wanted to EU, but EU insisted they fulfill the normal requirements which they refused, EU is to blame.
Dividing of USSR by its administrative borders into new countries was a mistake that disregarded opinions of local populations.
I'd say between like 18-27 is the standart
I can't wait to finally insult someone's mother's uncle's birth village bakery after they cut me on a corner road
So if they spend this much, its your fault and you have to pay for it
Everything was under party's control
But we are used to it
EU is marxist construct organized by Germany and France to control other nations
We had naval battle on Baikal and WON
Czechovia souds like Chechenia
Research has shown that L1 swear words stimulate your brain differently than L2 swear words
It's actually good that Orbán is doing things like this
It's wonder they haven't nuclearly annihilated each other yet.
I mean I only actually *locked* them at night too but there usually isn't a door handle or a knob you can use to open the door easily without a key from the outside on front doors of houses which you enter directly from the street or flats in apartment buildings
I live in the country so that usually means you root for your village/small town team, then you also root for a top league team - sometimes it is the team from the closest city, sometimes it is the team with nationwide influence like Slavia Prague, Sparta Prague or Bohemians Prague.
1 - we invented contact lenses
Yes, there are no negatives
Hungary (Neighbouring country, royal marriages, Matthias Corvinus)
Very free minded people and vibrant culture.
Not when your competition has a market monopoly.
Actually it was Yugoslav border right
* Tokyo
175 cm is our average height and I am 183 cm
* Mám to v piči (I've got it in the cunt)
Kingdom of Bohemia was a different thing, Bohemia, Moravia, Silesia are equal now and together we make one country
The familiar form of Karel is Kája, the familiar form of Josef is Pepa
yeah but we consist of three parts
We're still standing in expectations for first brave adventurer to conquer this perilous journey.
I don't have the will to discuss it with you, seeing others are already doing that.
Nothing beyond decorations in supermarkets and several Halloween-themed parties.
How you can be closest non european neighbors when you are over sea
Katakana writing is mostly used for foreign words, so after a bit of practice, i can read you signs like hotel (ホテル - hoteru), taxi, etc
In CZ the usual approach to almost anything is that if it is not directly bothering you, then people dont care.
I'm not aware of any Slovákie figure, though
Used to be quite strong in the 90s, now their position is much weaker and they are mostly calling for a federalization of the country
5 metre of snow and at least some snow during whole winter
Yes, EU cannot interfere with the national security.
Watching them, one can believe he is watching something made by Ned Flanders
I despise anything above 22° C as it is too hot for me and I wear shorts even when it snows outside (so anywhere from -5° to 15°), granted, only for short amount of time when I walk my dog but still, I'd rather freeze than burn and sweat lol
my SO is from outside the EU, so I guess it doesn't count.
Oh sorry, you’re right but it’s only the climate change
WTH is TV licence inspector
I feel sorry for Iceland
Also don’t worry about language
Thanks a lot
From another historically Catholic country, well, opinions on church buildings vary
* I didn't do **NOTHING** — The concord remains; you're just angry
Houskové knedlíky (bread-enhanced leavened d.)
I know for certain that they wouldn't agree to ban their usage, because they didn't and aren't going to
FIFY
Yes it's fat, or rather - blubber.
I mean 3rd
I wouldn’t say Czech law is similar as American one
We were taught about Czech dialects at my school and how they differ
I'd say "estébák" is used here
Do you want historical book recommendations
Antonín - Tonda
Also I am sure half of these people are French
I can emphatise with that, the same as I emphatise with the victims of the retaliations and their family members
After a bit of exposure you understand everything but when you try to speak the other language, it sounds like you're mad
On the other way, we lost easy connection with our neighbours
You could say that even the successful result will be pretty much useless in characterizing a city as European vs non-European
Damn you just reminded me of it
Morning cigarette and room filled with gas
He was assassinated by Czechoslovak paratroopers who were flown over Bohemia by the British
Also ["knedlíky vs
> used to be the entrance to the Subway
Equivalent of re-marrying amicable ex
Is it actually weird for some countries ?
One
It's very comfortable from the temperature perspective
Pope Francis is also always translated as František and in general names of popes are always translated
What I'm used to is [dumpling and hard boiled egg] But then there are weird people who server it [with meat] Not my cup of tea, but I can understand wanting meat
Yesss Don Quixote
googled it
Polish people often say that we sound like toddlers to them while to us they sound like disabled drunkards trying to speak :)
o = about
This is my "favorite" tidbit: [ (1933)
Those who hate koprovka And those who Are Wrong
Unlike English, I don't hate Czech accents in German, for whatever reason
EDIT: as this question arose in comments to other countries' courts: all judges retire at the age of 70
Humans, especially neonazi brainlets protesting face masks and government restrictions
Berlin, as far as capital cities go, is pretty gloomy and desolate.
It can sometimes creaty funny misunderstandings if you don’t know what certain words mean
Nor one can use altered version of a name
Also that dark humour should be mentioned in brochures about our country
English lessons are daily occurrence in many companies, but in my experience lot of people struggle, but make very slow progress
Based
There are managers in my company who also have piercings and tattoos
Except the beginning when no tests are being written,
Second of all, sometimes, as I have already stated, the sidewalks aren't usable at all due to the sheer amount of bikes and people just standing around on them, there is no real way how to avoid that
Why Latvia, tho
When the only reason why Germany accepted the refugees in the first place was because they were already marching to Germany's borders and German politicians were worried about ugly pictures.
Many people think that Czech accent sounds similar to Russian one, that is actually furthest from the truth, the accent is dramatically different despite being from the same language group
*sips beer*
Pension retirement insursnce (on top of state mandatory one)
A few weeks back I took a trip to Slovakia
Ah man, that sucks, hope you get well soon and catch up
That may be a little long stretch from times of Czechoslovakia where TV had almost half Czech half Slovak hosts
[Podkoní a žák] has been written in 1300s. It is pretty much understandable, but the differences in pronunciation (ě sound, diphthongs not contracted into long vowels), vocabulary (what student wears means "skirt" in the modern Czech, but there it means "dress"; the word for the place they drink beer is present in modern Slovak, but not in modern Czech etc) and grammar (live dual number; more past tenses) are very noticeable
We should have let it slide
Sweatpants are so much better than jeans
how is he right wing in any capacity?
I've also seen a few women who ended up both keeping their maiden name and accepting their husband's surname after getting married, while not inflecting the husband's surname (not adding the "-ova")
As a rule of thumb, women's surname will end with -ová; ie
Its stolen directly from employer hand before it reaches you
My mind always perceived him as Czech even though visually kinda tanned
It must contain at least 31 % of milk fat.
To discuss with a non-white US feminist ( especially graduated or studying at a University ) is a special type of entertainment for people who incline to mental masochism and like to study mentality of people who devoured Salomon's shit and their mental capacity is reduced to an absurd ideology
They basically indirectly said that - they mentioned that the method of the hacking was very similar to the hacking of the Democratic party in the US.
I always thought those were made darker deliberately to make them stand out
Prague is full of tourists in the city centre
This is not a bad thing, but it is a reason why Europe should defend its interests as a unified entity
Lmao
I would also like to know what that means
RIP France
Full of austrian ogres
Better would be to answer how many of people I know are religious.
I guess it's quite obvious with those numbers, but I visited at least 10 places which were in a movie
I like that you can see the Alps, the Tatras, the Czech mountain border and other mountains
La tempête qui balaiera cette petite chose pathétique que tu appelles ta vie.
Many groceries are run by Vietnamese (a sort of "typical" Czech-Vietnamese job, but certainly not the only one) and foods like pho are beginning to be widely known
Is she a sin-eater of some sort
How do you distinguish between different curse words though
I know thats how how are potatoes served here but there is almost no taste in parsley...
Expecting our parliament will use some stupid version of implementation and will blame EU for it
Never heard of it, lol
I’ve been reading books, watching the news, YouTube, films, series, and playing videogames since
Let's see if EU has any backbone without the US.
that depends on what visa you have.
Czechs are just as antisocial as our Scandinavian friends and I moved to USA 2 years ago
Although I am probably going to have the same issue anywhere
With our shit education system teens can’t speak English very well, but they do adopt English phrases
In fact, they're specifically excluded
Good to know that it comes from Hungarian and what it means
Also this [
And Aš is the westernmost town, there are villages further west
, all while speaking or writing in their native tongues
* Muslims
Italy
I'm The type of person who likes it colder so around 20C is comfy for me
This is sadly the best best that Brno has to offer, it pales in comparison with Prague in pretty much everything
Česká národní banka = Czech National Bank
Liberec
>German influence
Antonín - Tonda
No, it is unconstitutional
I also remember there was some controversy about a renovation of the Charles Bridge in Prague, like some people thought it was badly done and damaged, but I don't remember what the conclusion of that was anymore  You can barely keep track of all the nonsense in this country, honestly
Poland
I understand arguments on both sides.
I dont think we are as similar as many people think
Seriously, who the fuck in their right mind thinks this is a good idea
It was decided by few people in exile that Czechoslovakia would be a republic
it is probably mentioned here somewhere, but why prefer K9 ofr PzH 2000?
I feel, it's all for domestic audience.
I agree
They lacked the time to sit back and consider how was "societies" before church implemented the very fondation of today's society.
:-)
the drying cycle also eats a hell of a lot electricity.
Lauria IT
Cunttown, it sounds bettter
Even if someone did, it would still feel wrong, because the vast majority of Czechs would say that we're Central Europe.
Maybe it isnt but the Swiss have decided they dont want to
Wait
>  I don't get what's is bad about being in ''eastern Europe''
And that's why it's crazy and I treat federalists like extremists
What concerns British vs American English, for consistency I use American spelling (you know like forced spelling of _color_ in CSS), but British slang is cool
Please do take him back
Bataclan could have been done with knives really
This is the first time I've heard of this sub.
Look at Britain now, I hope that these antifacists are proud of themselves
It's actually more light gray than Denmark
I would like to thank Slovakia and all the Slovaks for not disowning us after the split like a bad father we essentially were
But terrorists
You make good friends there which are usually scattered across the republic so you meet people from different towns etc
I looked up the question and offered options:
Nope, that's just not in our mentality
> Personally I think there’s far more benefits to being in the Union than being out of it
Good
There is no way the cars would survive Czech highways at such speeds
Sometimes its real mental gymnastics
"It's about -1600 °C  high in the atmosphere as the molecules are too far away from each other" - my high-school geography teacher
I agree that growing productivity and technological progress will eliminate a lot of jobs.
i dont know
In the world, probably Dvořák's [New World Symphony] which was by the way the first piece of music played on the Moon.
I received many honks during that time
I remember some TV movie fairy-tale with blinded prince who had to roam the world too, but it wasn't Rapunzel I think
Most common theory is that it comes from word describing forest removal with fire, that happened here during early middle age
But for fuck’s sake, we are the worst at covid right now and switching a health minister again, especially one who was avoiding all the real mistakes (communicating in a way that made people pissed and disobedient) is so infuriatingly dumb
The whole point of a federation is to be stronger together
That's ČLDR, my dude
Ah yes, fried cheese
However, I'm a big fan of winters, hockey, metal and Finnish culture, so my opinion might be slightly biased
If for nothing else, then for my future kids.
They usually make them promise something and put up a great act (I’ve seen one year where they acted as if they are a judge and jury) and when they promise, they have to eat something gross
First you have to be acknowledged as a regular by both service and other regulars
AFAIK in the Czech republic it's not illegal to drink while underage.
"Mít v hlavě piliny" = "To have a sawdust in the head" = To be dumb as a rock
We belonged to the 10 world’s largest economies and we were a hugely proud nation
Even though I wouldn't say the government is afraid of them
Some Prague residents are kinda arrogant about being from Prague lol
"Unrefrigerated" eggs here say between 5 and 18 degrees, but recommend a steady cold temperature after purchasing
You'd kill grandayy by erasing Malta, are you sure you wanna do that
Tollo IT
It looks like everyone here is fucking panic buying plane tickets the fucking to italy smh
They either obey or go back home.
100 CZK would be for a wine or pizza
I bet he didt pay for his rar licence.
There was more Germans in Bohemia than Slovaks in Slovakia - so as far as the state was concerned, there was a langer 'Czechoslovak identity', for the sake of being bigger and better than Germans
And we exist in the form until today, we have independence and thus the ability to make our own decisions - obviously we are restrained in that by the geographic, economic and political circumstances that we find ourselves in, but it's still better than having no formal authority and having to rely on someone else that they will respect our rights
I don't know where to even begin
It was abolished easily in 1990 as a part of major changes after the Velvet revolution (fall of the communist dicatorship)
Bridge day (2x - basically extra holiday)
Though moving the date to 1990s isn't rare either
So no tales or fables or anything like that is common anymore
there's probably much more
Fascism or authoritarianism has nothing to do with this, it's a bullshit accusation.
Studénka 2008
Well he said yesterday literally:"I will never resign, you shall remember it
True, this is more like village-city than culture thing
Duda means boob in czech (as in two boobs - dudy, one boob - duda)
I felt like the Democratic party needed a socialist to go toe-to-toe with a capitalist.
there's probably much more
I have friends all over Europe and besides language I don't see much difference
Very friendly is an overstatement.
I see
It was genuinely important, but it was also safer to protest for cleaner air than to directly criticise the political nature of the regime.
An interesting urban legend, but absolutely no
Let's not actually, that is that counterbalance, right there
*This info might be unreliable as all the websites talking about surnames can't actually access up-to-date info from our government and they state that there are only two thousands of people with this surname while 7 years ago there were above twenty thousands
Although it is rarely used
Děkujeme ti - (We) thank you (sg
For lack of domestic suppliers, perhaps
Shy FX - Original Nuttah
Hungary: Fading memories of camping near Balaton in the 1980s style
Medieval Warfare, crafts
However not everyone lives there.
For me personally, I am in intense contact with Germans due to work (my boss is German, before the coronavirus I used to travel to Düsseldorf every month), also live in north west Bohemia, 10-15 km from German border so people around here go to Saxony often for shopping or hiking in the mountains
Pre-1989, we did not have Monopoly here due to its capitalistic nature which the USSR did not approve of, so we had another similar board game, still played today, called Dostihy a Sázky (something like Horseraces and Bets), where instead of buying businesses, you are buying horses, etc
If you don't speak Czech, you are not a citizen and idgaf what any paper says
Asian restaurants have photos almost always here too, and they are usually are rather cheap or normal priced
Even municipal police are armed
But before that, we never were together in some sort of state entity.
I've read that most Finnish people nowadays are opposed to mandatory Swedish in schools, is that true
It's actually more light gray than Denmark
It was surprisingly pretty fun to read (:
Weird
Depending on the region, in Bohemia mostly Beer and guláš, in Moravia mostly wine and anything that won't ruin the taste, and in Silesia mostly coal
Serbia and Koso- wait, no
Afaik the issue here is of people that get into a homosexual relationship and already have children.
I don't see the far right addressing this kind of sexual aggression.
Oooh yeah, with plums (the most classic here), strawberries, blueberries
The conceal carry licence is the only one you can use for self defense
They would still just kill each other
Sigh
Well, we might be getting a couple more reactors but the whole thing is moving too slow
So summer time sounds great
There is huge [memegroup] quoting any quote which was used during theatre displays to comment anything in real world
You just don't
It is excessive
Do you have any source for ventilators
glad that Poland is subsidizing our abortion-on-demand industry
IN THE STRUGGLE BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL, TRUTH AND LIES, IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO BE NEUTRAL AND STILL REMAIN RESPECTABLE
Also blood plasma, cytoplasm, sweat glands and many other anatomical things were first described by Jan Evangelista Purkyňe
The biggest difference once you cross austrian borders are the roads
Than rub it and call it small
(mostly people of European descent) Around 25-40 years, your bones reach their maximum weight and slowly start disintegrating and the minerals start accumulating in other tissues instead
A lot of slovaks are living in CZ just as it was before so no change would happen there either.
And by now, the pro-russian crowd (not yet particularly large one, but still) is louder than ever, silencing every other opinion by threats, cyber bullying and slandering everyone
I'm named František, a czech version of German "Franz" after Franz Joseph I.
Kalamita
Poppi FIN
totally understand, reddit likes that dad joke with czech check
Jaja sehr gut
There was just Czechoslovakia for us
Not really
Thais is a question for historians, there probably was some
) and it is considered as one continent only
Most (can be translated as Bridge) is one of the ugliest, typical communist architecture and poverty
Amen
Except sushi/salmon I strongly agree
It’s the Visegrad 4, the German states, and the Baltics
January 1970
Morpheus forgot to load the weapons
[last name]".
Got it, only Jesus is allowed to get nailed
Good luck with this revolution Belorusians
Brno - doesn't exist
Poland (royal marriages, Cieszyn, Boleslav the Piast)
Hell yea, we made it to the cool kids club
Yes, from today's perspective you'd call him a German Czech
Run for your lives
If she invites someone when she's older idk
Good to know that it comes from Hungarian and what it means
Around 20% declared religion in 2011 census.
On the other hand, most Czech people don't want to own a gun, even though we can
The restaurant will be famous now
We're racist
He was the highest German official to be successfully assassinated during ww2
&#x200B;
What people often don't realize is that Czechoslovakia was only established in 1918 and the reason why we joined forces was that we had other dominant nations around us (Germans, Hungarians) and so we thought that together we'd have a bigger shot to survive as a country.
>Politici BYLI demonstranty
If it's not a Czech beer, it sucks, so they suck both, solved it for ya
We have a lot of generic Czech, German and other names and they don't put you in any area
SPD is the "far-right" populist party, leaning heavily into anti-immigrant and anti-EU rhetoric
It takes a huge chunk of your income
By the way, do you also read "Czech" with a "ch" sound
You have daylight until 23
Funny, here when something "jde do kelu", it means it's going into shit
, protože jeho císařské angažmá stálo za starou bačkoru - Němci ho sesadili
Still, it was enough for a coup
Both of my friend's grandmas are Germans who never had to leave because they were either married to Czechs or considered essential employees
Josef - Pepa
Although in Czech (from which the surname could come from) tlustý can and actually more often than not means thick (tloušťka then means thickness) while tučný is an adjective about fat
For me and my wife it's like 9-11, it symbolizes an end of an era and I'm sure it will be used in history books as such
Damn Swedes, invading us all
These numbers are pretty outdated.
But there is world wide [Radio Maria]
Yeah, that would be hilarious
Probably Russian on a personal vehicle, you can see trucks from the whole Europe here
Well after we crown Bosnia, I can quite confidently give you the award for the second most what in the actual fuck political scene
* **Vinohrady:** A hipster nest where upper class people like to buy flats if the center proves to be too crowded
It's like to read in a Disney book.
Didn’t they also bomb Khreschatyk while retreating from Germans with mines hidden in homes along the road
Generally I don't really care what you call it
Best ones were my country and France and thinking about it
You barely see young people protesting the conservative/nationalistic changes the government imposes, only people that experienced the communism.
Its easier when from a dealer, because they transfer the ownership in the system and print the with the information for you, so you just go to the local PD and register your gun
"Host" in czech also means Guesst :D
Save Sarraguce, that sits on high mountain
I even refused to eat breakfast before we passed the Austrian border haha
To find part-time in the Czech Republic is very difficult.
as a someone who used to go to a mostly girl class I beg to differ
we need more banhammer wielding
And the EU politicians, by definition, aren't saints either
Before the internet, how did Europeans smugly insult everyone else in the world and tell them they are superior?
It truly felt like a spring
A good butcher here sell some meatloaf in a bun, globus (german supermarket chain) have this as well and that's more or less all
So, when will an indie company make a web 2
Actually the Geneva Conventions have prohibited it for like seventy years by now
London
This message was clearly directed to the local audience.
Can't we all just copy the e-government stuff from Estonia or something
At least bottled beer looks quite small to me (like a kids version)
Hussite wars have great stories in general
Probably lives in Plzeň
This is absolute insanity
A perfectly valid sentence
Anything below that is very uncomfortable for me
Lot of the cities/areas with a good cycling infrastructure are flat, though
Police stopped us, but it was like 2am so we talked them out of the fine and a friend who crossed first had to buy us mcdonalds
I feel like correcting it because it looks like Chechnya
Similiar with Nymburk and Poděbrady
plays wrong version of their anthem
We couldn't quite decide whether to use "cz" or "č" until the 19th century when "č" finally prevailed
10 days long)
Here in Czechia, I often go to so called hypermarkets, because the variety of foods is much bigger than in small ones
I think the situation was similar in most Soviet bloc countries, including Czech Republic.
I feel dizzy and unsteady because of the op art  and Im just sitting down and looking at a picture, cannot immagine walking on it
haha your uncle really had some balls to say stuff like that :) at least in Czechoslovakia during communist era :/ I am glad these days are over
Between 5-12, or so your brain loses the ability to rewire and regenerate
COULD FOXES CHEAT DRIVERS
Ahoj, mé jméno je John
we slovaks and you czechs seem to just have this relationship where we pretend hate each other
Europe has a lot to learn from Trump.
Well it's written down there (č is _**ch**ase_; and if you can say the trilled r, you'll just say all the letters in succession and that's it), basically if you have a lazy and/or untrained tongue and you make schwa vowels around some consonants, ~~you done fucked up~~we'll be able to tell
I couldn't function without one in the morning.
Also feminine in Czech
*Kudlanka*, derived from *kudla*, "jackknife". Praying mantis is then *kudlanka nábožná* meaning it's "religious".
I disagree and think the most famous photo is [our current president]
Yeah cool Fuck nazis, but I hope you know those people who were in the streets were ordinary people who are scared to go outside during night hours, not some kind of neofascists
Are you being deliberately difficult
Then I prefer cold milk
Not even a roll
Not at all
I had to run straight across the Old Town Square on my way between classes in different faculty buildings several times a week, and I kind of developed a hatred for everything to do with mass tourism in just a few years
haha, that's a poor excuse to limit freedom of speech
Because they are based on OSM, which is great outdoors
It practically doesn´t exist anymore.
Also, everybody votes for communists and neonazis
Wow, what a win, especially with an economy two decades behind them
In our history classes we are taught about them in a neutral way - they're not pictured as heroes of the nation
Greece is in need of some religious reform
> supermarkets are more likely to accept debit cards than visa/mastercard
And while we're on the topic of schools - "státní maturita", an attempt to standardize high school final exams, started in 2012 and has been quite a mess ever since
I thought I'm lost forever and then I stopped shaving due to the pandemic for 3 months
February is a shitty time to visit any part of Europe (too cold).
Also, one hour move this or that way doesn't significantly help anyway
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
This would be a proper reaction to mämmi though
love you bratia
Yeah, i wanna know too
National Museum in Prague
The water at the bottom
should I expect any sort of prejudices due to being American?
When you visit it's great, I met a lot of awesome people, but for business, not really.
It's heavy as fuck but once in a while it's a real treat.
It connects to a lot of counties of different religion, so you can easily chip away at your neighbors, while they wage their wars - the Avars, Austria, parts of Germany
If they wore jeans in public the might get kicked out of school
it would be way easier for us to understand once you will use ě,š,č,ř,ž,ý.
Hellas - Řecko
I have news for you: Russia, right now, still operates [11 reactors]#List_of_RBMK_reactors) of the same type as was used in Chernobyl.
All the way back in the 90s, we had "Internet for schools", a similar scam involving famously overpriced IT equipment for public schools
"Every Josef and Marie have to let everyone know their opinion on the whole thing"
That's pretty much it, no bullshittery.
'real low drinking age'? Its 18
so, is that mean a hard Brexit?
Even complex one; exponentially growing.
> The result: everyone in your team feels like men are more competent than women
Media and Hollywood really influences people.
Why do the "specimen" ones always use Říčany as the place of birth
Liechtenstein
Do you mean really great job promoting local commerce willing to pay and shitting on these don’t want to pay
Basically USSR and Nazi Germany started WW2
Still with enough investment you could probably do so.
Oh no
I don't know
Source: Am Czech
It said it should be a historical photo, not a work of art
Great news, I wish them success here in Europe!
Czech
Judging by your flair, you most likely already know, though
I'd note that these statistics are horribly inaccurate since there isn't a clearly defined measure of poverty in European countries.
Czechia +-10 years ago scrapped destníky, dvacetníky (0,1 and 0,2 CZK coins) Few year ago we cancelled even padesátníky (0,5 CZK coins) All price are rounded up or down in shop when paying with cash
Tatti IT
they dominate economy the most important part the rest isn't so important.
For the men, of course
All you need is few eurosceptic leading figures which will influence public discourse towards negative aspects of Euro
Medical degrees in the EU are very competitive.
This all rants are only declarations of deep inner crisis of West.
I don´t know our immigration laws in detail.
It'd be a much safer method than trying to devise your own surname based on some rules you can only guess at
9 hours passed and there isn't really any war here
There are chronicles, some official documents from inside and outside (mostly HRE), there are holes, but we moreless know what happened
I may be generalizing a little, I'm not an expert after all.
"/"Have you got sticks up your arse
*they cant speak english very well
Right now I'd say there would have to be some kind of very serious pan-European crisis for me to consider moving over there
Though, Turkey is the most developed from all of them in this regard (maybe Azerbaijan came close).
Open restaurants, huh
* a handegg is roughly 4237 cm³ [(source)]
This is probably the best idea ever
I was there as a child, it was stop on the way to Barcelona  -  and yes, the public elevators were something else
[they don't know]
And then Eastern Europe (Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, maybe Bulgaria
I didn't assume so, I just got surprised that some people do that.
Its archaic meaning (in Czech) is also tidying or going around the house
To me the difference between French and English pronunciation and why I think French is worse is that, when you see an English word you have a rough estimate of how it will sound and even if you mispronounce it, most of the time it won't be a big deal and everyone will know what you mean.
Or does ANYONE really celebrate 5th of July by dressing up like Cyril/Method and the like
Šukat
I hope they said "no homo".
Think I read an article on these recycling power plants once
It doesn't make such a huge difference for the exporters to be significantly hurt when the interventions stop.
The lease expired several years ago and was renewed
Yep the dual number is nice, and it sounds interesting in archaic Czech
I for one would rather like this sub focused more on news events and politics and things like that.
Still longing for that sweet Wilno, aren't you ;-)
7hrs work day (9-17, 1hr lunch break)
Ikr [hard] to voyeur in these conditions unless you don't mind being out in the cold.
Tbh replacement migration is a real thing
I think specifically in Czech Republic automotive engineers is the most in demand.
Slovenia has euro, we have czech crown, which is artificially undervaluated by national bank (they say, to help exports).
We are mainly doing it for health reasons so the decision which time to keep should be up to specialists not common people
if you would had a Croatian flair it would make at least some sense
Looks more like post-metal, post-rock
Is it
Well, what would you say makes a southern Slav in your opinion
Oh we're *no data*, whoa, I was scared for a second
I guess, people who like stereotypical beauty and are more of conservative nature won't like it there as much.
We have some larger events going on too, there are multiple weekend events, summer camps and even international Camporee
for example
Charles IV, the holy roman emperor
Considering reality, I take that as a win :D
Might be a good chance to regain Constantinople...
I wanna Great Moravia back
After 10 years you can no longer call yourself foreigner.
Liechtenstein
It's like American and British english
Which went well
I do care about ethnicity
So he did what he had to do
That is why even with better than average rain as we have had this year there is still a draught, all the rain just evaporates or runs to the rivers
oh, I'm ashamed
I wonder where does the second one is from, because it is known here in czechia as well
We had no issue to get decent 4star hotel with breakfast for around 60-70EUR and pretty wide selection on "last minute" means "couple of days before".
He will get sooner or later arrested
That dot is close to, but not quite the Vaglaskógur so what is it
**Zlín:** shoe making, being called Gottwaldov during communist times (after the first communist president)
Can we (Czech Silesia) join
Thanks for having our backs, bro.
Strikes are also very rare, they are seen as the last option.
CZ guns are pretty popular amongst the American gun lovers.
That we could've 1v1 Germany in 1938
It's true I kinda omitted lots of hunters with rifles/shotguns etc.
People kiss their colleagues, but not friends?
Prague - Czech national library of technology is beautiful building located in technical university campus in Dejvice
* the ones that got domesticated and don't feel German anymore (knedlík from Knödel, helma from Helm)
Just tunneling the city budget and when someone dies in an "accident" tunneling back to fix it
On the one hand, I think the UK is doing a great job at trying to get NATO together and having a hardline against Putin.
Although, there is a strong potential there stood another house on the grounds, where mine stands
"If you can't handle me at my Brexit, you don't deserve me at my Remain
Its easier when from a dealer, because they transfer the ownership in the system and print the with the information for you, so you just go to the local PD and register your gun
He also hasn't reacted to the Black Lives Matter protests, one of the largest protest movement in decades, in any way
it is kinda funny how boring some of history lessons were compared to how much of violence they contained
For subs I visit abundance of Americans doesn't matter
In my case it's the absurd prices of mobile data
Anyway, I've never had problem to have a basic conversation when on vacations in Croatia
Same :)
Just a clarification that open carry for self defense (southern US style) is not legal
It started to stagnate when it was heavily fortified, meanwhile the inhabited right turn before Vienna (Brno) was free to grow
In Algeria:
Good
Military spending is not popular in Germany and can be tricky with securing votes.
you didn't watch the Dark tv series, did you
> The irony being ***we gave*** Scotland an independence referendum and are still the bad guys
We actually got stopped once for crossing a on a red
[Also Kazakhstan] ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
The only time I saw that, I think, was after the terrorist attacks in France and now that I think about it more, it may have actually been the army
Budweiser (Budweis - Budějovice) and pilsner (Pilsen - Plzeň, my city woohoo) are both named after czech cities.
\+ Czech technical university (ČVUT)  in Prague
There are tons of dogs, but not strays
When I've been to France there was also a lot of deaf-mute people with petition who ask tourists for a signature and donation.
Louka (meadow),
call it to anyone who cares then"
It’s the center of a lot of jokes
AFAIK the governmental parties are still arguing over where to spend the money.
Wasn't it Breivik who travaled to Prague in order to get illegal firearms and failed
Anything by Karel Čapek
Article 1
&#x200B;
What about RRRrrrr
I don’t get that either
No, Czechoslovakia is not a country anymore
Where's Estonia
*My country never dissappoints*
Then why marry, let's adopt her
For Arts stuff AMU
how much for a day of snowfall, Norway
Pretty much the same as what /u/Vertitto posted.
Unsurprisingly, the one about Greece was titled [*Periklovo Řecko*] (The Greece of Perikles)
There it would be a slightly different map based on language groups and such
We don’t expect visitors to speak Czech
In Czech, it means "the one who's *being* served"
I didn't know it was that bad
I like it and google reviews are also very favourable
Not typos but I am not sure how to call it.
They have to borrow money (again from mafiosos) and they end up in a circle, which is hard to break.
Sorry guys
You have to spend the free EU money somehow
What do you mean by "most people learn english as their second language so they have an easier life"?
And I don't really get what's their point.
Most restaurants offer "menu" a choice of three or four meals available at lunch time
But then again it differs from job to job and employer to employer.
Also, what tattoos would someone get that represent the country/heritage you are from?
"F"
After all Prague has always been the capital city
I would love to cycle to work but it's just not possible - I work at the other end of the city and cycling would mean I would have to cycle on very busy roads, alongside big trucks etc
So it looks like that we,Slovakia and Hungary have rohlík.What about Poland
The concept of home owner associations and how much power they apparently have over what you do with your property
IN THE FIGHT BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL, TRUTH AND LIE, YOU CANNOT BE NEUTRAL AND YOU STAY GOOD !!! Therefore, thank you for your support !!! If you do not believe in the humility of our candidates, or if your candidate feels uncomfortable, or if you lack a representative of your community or town, and you have the courage in this war, the People of Good with the ruling People of Evil destroys us and fundamentally change today's DEMOCRATURE, HIDDEN TOTALITY and HIGHER ORIENTATION, CANDIDATE FOR US !!! Contact: Select Right Block [www
Czechia is a new word for the country.
Have wierd wordorder and thatway used personal pronouns am yet seen’t.
Well, firstly and most importantly, your culture's opinion on what my culture self-identifies as, i.e. Central, is of no relevance whatsoever and I don't understand why it should be taken into account in any way
You have the Greens, which is your traditional Green party, then there is a Libertarian party both of which sit around 1-2%. And then there are usually about 20 different far-right/anti-EU parties on the ballot which combined get like 1% of the vote
Dont inflate your lifestyle
Stepping up NATO integration would make Russia escalate the war
Apparently both poles and slovaks have rights to produce it
Propably stole some shit
Manhattan is definitely something else, it's enchanting to be completely surrounded by massive buildings and skyscrapers, and the city feels so bustling and alive
It was probably older than me and just kinda existed there
This can be simply narrowed down to "do not recklessly press YES on everything that appears on ATM screen"
Then I would also love to visit either the reign of George of Poděbrady and even as far back as the time of Great Moravia under Svatopluk
Source
It took Monopoly, simplified it a bit (not that much diversity in horse racing) and made it acceptable for a population living in a planned economy
Do Italians really need Swiss passports though, since Switzerland participates in the Freedom of Movement?
Oh, okay, thanks for the explanation
It's practical and yeah, it also makes sense
V Novém Městě na Moravě se jezdí biatlon
Beauty is preserving nature together
Kuře - kuřátko (chicken
Brand
The same as you can't explain to Czech voters that they should in any way be responsible for Middle Eastern/African refugees.
Has there been a referendum on the amount of resources spent on the Irish language?
Pretty much everyone agrees that we are in Central Europe
Dacia Sandero
Not a fan, got a little used to it so my eyes don't bleed as much but I still think that Czech republic sounds better
Wage a war against half of neighbors to get some disputed land, without functioning state or organized army
And we're I believe the only country in Europe with a shall-issue gun permit
Honestly if you own a house or anything besides a simple city appartment, buying a small trailer is a massive investment that will pay off hundredfold
A hurricane will easily demolish a brick building too, especially if it has more than one floor
19 is usual
Going to r/me_irl:
I think the clerk guy is bullshitting.
I don't understand
Well of course we're shaped by our historical experiences, I mean what nation isn't?
Latin, Greek, French, German, Russian, Spanish (Mandarin
I think I seen about 50 "Last" hospitals
Who knows which were the orders Yeltsin actually gave
especially this year it is a gift from heaven
Koprovka is good, but I never ate it at school, only from fresh ingredients, made by my mom
That can afflict new construction in Europe as well
We have that option too
If it wasn't for the Cyrillic, it's the easiest language to follow as both grammar and writing is quite easy
Russians
This was a high school in Brno, btw
I would add Czech TV
It looks more like a secret operation cover for building the [Enterprise.
An "angelist", angel maker as in neighboring countries
There's was also a reasonable amount of French and Italian media content because those countries were considered friendly (big commie presence)
On the other side, if someone is ready in the eastern half, it's the Czech Republic.
It was late in the evening - the first of may
They got fed up with perpetual wars and decided to find a land in the west where they could live in peace.
My Serbian friends family has a bunch of assault rifles hidden somewhere
What I mean is that you can't apply American Left and Right to Middle/Eastern European countries
**Olaszország -** when you play Scrabble and you got a worst letters
I can just invite you to my home town Pardubice and you can experience Czech Mléčný bar
Hrdliččin zval ku lásce hlas,
You wouldn't argue that Canada as a country was only born in 1982 (as it was given complete sovereignty by the Constitution Act), or that Russia has only existed since 1991, would you
For historical examples of that sort of thing, see the Korean War and the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia
The Czech part of Czechoslovakia was copying the historic borders of the kingdom of Bohemia
Of course, killing a lot of people with a gun is easier but, if I understand it correctly, most murders in the UK are actually just one or two victims, right
We are the world's largest beer consumers per capita and we're extremely stubbornly persisting on that our brews are the most unique in the world
The 1st-5th graders are mostly at the first floor, while the 5th-9th graders are at the second floor (or at different blocs of the building).
Pretty bad analogy, uncomparable
Škoda as a company and as a carmaker was a hot mess before the VW purchase
Don't they sell cheap booze and cigarettes
My favourite celebration
trillion = bilion
Not stupid but a lot of people have problems with this and it's purely grammar:
Before the election, he was dissing all other parties very heavily
I am not a huge gun nut, just went through the gun license course.
It's fun - To je prdel - It's ass
The whole city of Prague
It's not uncommon to have people suddenly question you over whether it's better where you're from or why you live here in the first place
All of these were stolen by Soviets and are today held by either Russia, Russian military, or post soviet countries
You thought I mistook Bosnia for Latvia
He refused to believe that there was something like absolute zero (-273
I’ve seen surprised people, who seen this for the first time, and they thought it’s like eating opium
If it was something imposed on Czechs by a few men in exile as you say, the new state would never have the chance to survive
I was planning to visit Prague but corona virus and we had to close of individual states
I assume he's talking about what happened to the slaves in the Americas, not about what didn't happen to them until they left Africa
National Gallery
I don't even understand why it even is an issue worth debating.
So even if you dont make a decision based on labor costs its still cheaper to build a factory east of Germany.
We have fictional character Cimrman  I reccomend to read it whole
" and "Without intellectual copyright, they don’t get paid
Someone likes visiting their supposed Lebensraum
Otherwise what is the point of such legislation
\+10% consumer goods from factories
I only had a few classes this semester and like half of them were complete bullcrap that I only took to get enough credits, most of those simply didn't happen anymore
It is actually already an UNESCO site because of some some of these reasons
Czech Republic
Vatican be like - How to enact new crusade
Exactly it's up to kid's imagination
I guess it's just me but if you asked me yesterday to name 5 points of interest in Paris Notre-Dame would not be one of them
If you dislike Facebook's terms of service, then you are very much free to switch to ANY other possible social network, the fact that less people use them is not Facebook's fault
There are hundreds of guys being rebuffed by girls right this second
I kinda like living in the Czech Republic
On top of that, knives are pretty much silent
High intake doesn't mean obesity or overweight.
You will unfortunately need to choose between summer or winter time soon, but I have read that Spanish people actually support summer time
Don't skip others when queuing.
I'm not saying you're the bad guys, far from it
Youre right, but it seems its almost impossible to get a licence for an ordinary person
That's not really a special case, that's just a genitive
If hey both pull knives, chances are they both bleed to death before any help comes, unless one of them is much more skilled
I don't remember any surprising questions
They still exist
We really don't like it when people are different.
What's going on
Majority of the turnout
He (and the chamber of deputies) can make laws and stuff
They do a lot of investigating stuff and exposed some political scandals
Usually espresso, filtered coffee (v60 is common) and then some milk based coffee like cappuccino or white shot.
Western countries shouldn't allow other countries to dictate what their citizens can say
I see people being openly against Islam but not anti-semitic.
A short document about Czechoslovakian Velvet revolution that happened exactly 27 years ago
Trifon Ivanov(rest in peace) was a scary looking guy, I still remember the old Panini sticker
Nice sounding word, not so nice to walk in
That's just not there without the Americans
Actually it's likely not a coincidence
Like for example **Read** does and doesn't ryme with **Lead** and can read like **Red**, but also doesn't have to and only way to know how to read it is from context
As I said, I skipped my English classes, because I already had CAE certification (C1 level).
But I don't think they are the same
A person sitting in the car has almost whole body hidden.
Probably the smell of knedlo-vepřo-zelo, a czech meal
She was in the cabinet
I'd say they are on the same level of doing good after the fall of communism.
Germany can accomodate, right
This will not be easy
Comrade soldier
It should be festival of light
I mean atrocities such as *vepřejď* instead of *vpředu
100 % paid sick leave
For example, the law says the president names prime minister, and prime minister asks the parliament for the confidence vote
Ta nejednotnost v číslování je někdy k vzteku - Karel IV
No, parents in my country take it as a competition who will scar the child psychologically the most
cool, we gonna have more time and energy for space colonization
Dont know about them fleep floops but we like to go hikin' n' swimmin' down in Hrvatska only to drown
And you are
The most severe side-effects are incredibly rare.
Although my house is closer to half a million, as are most places in the area, 400k can still get you a very nice suburban house with a garden
Problem solved
The founders then say "cool", appreciate rather the relative's effort than the genealogy itself and put it back.
> but it's not really a thing we get that often
Unless this stops happening people won't change their mind about it, it's simple as that
And nobody really seems to care when I don't check work emails when not in work
We have Lítačka card here, which with you use Prague public transport in PID P zone, if going beyond P zone, you have to buy aditional ticket for small charge (like 50 cents
We do it the same way (good ol' Cisleithania).
It's actually regionalism, a step above tribalism and nationalism.
There was no real change, you just dont wait at borders 30min-1h.
Petersburg" - turned out the small city had 500,000 people (which would be the 2nd largest city in Czechia) and near was 300 km
I think
"Oh god, he is calling me again
Prime minister later resigned, still defends his (current) wife
The term was used in the past to ridicule those who stood by Václav Havel's ideals, which are considered naive by many pragmatic politicians.
Those guys are even harder to kill than ISIS.
Source: have a daughter on one of those schools
You could be called comrade by someone in the position of authority, like policeman, boss etc
>and occasionally ALSO live at home while going to university
It is a fast food
Excusw me what the fuck
Liechtenstein
Even now when I discussed Spanish politics with a student from Andalusia, he mentioned 1898 as the first reason why many Spaniards have low national self-esteem.
I would go for Micheál Martin instead
Yes, as I didn't find any czech reply, I shall give mine
We also have panorama view of mapy
We belonged to the 10 world’s largest economies and we were a hugely proud nation
OP said he wants the worst music, not the best
= Is that time suitable for you
But I don't remember which station it was.
Definitely
Well, this has to be [Yzomandias - Melanž] \- a rap song that has gotten a bit of a controversial feedback
But it can be deadly fast
Might be the reason us ladies have a good reputation when it comes to looks
Most people live in an apartment.
Though I really would not like sharing a station with the Polish or Hungarian public TV.
You seem to pay more than in the hotel plus have a crazy expensive camper and equipment (I even saw people with a washer, TV and a satellite is a must, then fridge, cooker, grill, furniture etc.) Then you spend your days sitting there with a beer can in one hand and a cell phone in the other.
4 for Poland, so you're probably not even correct anymore
Nah you get off the hook for this one of course
3 - we invented semtex
You might understand us, but we can't for the love of god decipher what you're saying because of how fast ur speaking
No, it's not
And if Russia plays, I cheer for literally anynone playing against them
Only some obscure German cards." - a German hypermarket
But I understand due to social and historical context why Sweden takes it easy
> Czech: Jsi velice krásná/ý má/m~~ú~~**ů**j drahá/ý.
So Weird Al is not  jǎːŋkoʋitɕ but ˈjæŋkəvɪk. W.E.B. Dubois is not dy'bwɑ but duːˈbɔɪs, etc
And Portugal had no strong industrial base to refine Angolan goods into different products that they could resell at profit.
Wasn’t Vilém executed on the breaking wheel
I don't think there's a free place anymore in Europe.
Screw them for causing all this trouble.
You just need your ID to get into countries that are in the EU
And fucked his coach driver (also called himself his coachdriver's queen)
Ive heard it talked about a lot and I spent a bit of time in Finnish Lapland
I don't wanna go full patriot here, don't get me wrong, but the Bohemian flag wasn't copied from Poland
Maybe Russians or Poles would like the Irish gaelic more in comparison
Not sure if Kowalski is proper Polish surname, but it definitely looks Polish to me
Can I experience the different cultures in a handful of days?
So according to ypur map, Krym still belong to Ukraine
Oh, Zeman being Pycelle is too perfect.
We have song ,,Holka modrooká" (Blue-eyed girl) which is first sang in original, then sang again but every vowel is A, then again but with E, then with I, O and U
My friend works in a factory, he cant just decide to leave because the machine needs operators
When I saw the news last night, I couldn't believe it at first
We can get rid of him by the mid-term elections if he fucks up drastically.
And for good reason too, [we have many cities that were used as concentration camps] and memorials for fallen man, women and children
The pronunciation, the words, the way they construct phrases -- all this is so weird to my ear
He also thought Czech Republic is an island
South-eastern czech here, neither do we :/
They're Germans
It has probably not much to do with your appearance
Let me guess, Putin just dived in and found it himself, just like [amphoras] before.
In Europe, [tilting windows] are the norm
I'd say Mikulov, it's quite the way away (about 4-5 hours from Prague), but it's a really beautiful town
I can't imagine that all PiS politicians are perfectly happy with having Polish influence in the EU diminished.
It cost £137
They are everywhere
I'm going to show you the very few very small mistakes you have made since you asked for them, but please, don't take it badly, you have done amazing job and I'm amazed, how well you know czech
There's basically an extra mandatory income tax which goes towards paying for the (current) pensions
nononoonono
That looks like every city in my county, so you don’t have it that bad
We have a saying that fits nicely on the Turkish leader:
Not violet
We admired [Tesla brand] before it was cool !
The ending left me absolutely speechless
Polish is the most understandable out of those, then slovenian then croatia and then bulgarian
They just look really nice :D
Esztergom (spelling
> masă = "mass" (in kilograms), but also "table"
I mean
good ol' fefrmincka
That looks really good :D
I had to do presentations myself on tanks, planes, equipment and notorious battles
Average Prague fan
If you mean french fries then ketchup or tartar sauce, we don't have any other options.
I'm so glad that we don't have this bullshit here
Really sucks, tf am I supposed do at home, drink alone
I remember learning my first French word from it ("allez").
On the contrary, a monarchist is very likely to be a legitimist.
Yes, but only because I've been C2 since 16 and spent a lot of time polishing my accent, so my ears are tuned to it well
It just seems like way oversimplifying things.
or a gay machine gun
I hope this won't result in deaths of the more sensitive people
Just another example of how politicians give a shit about people and their voices
oči, uši pusa nos
It's used when someone reports something totally not harmful to anyone
There's a written evidence of the [battle of Wogastisburg] in 631 and then about the Charlemagne's campaign against Bohemia in 805 ([siege of Canburg]
People had serbian flags at the home game
That is why it may look like people got dumber
Belgium: Walking the streets of Bruxelles, exploring various ethnic cuisines
But for example I just can't see simmilar identity between us and Spain, Portugal, Ireland, UK, France or southern Italy
not understanding text
The US is safe country while the EU is super safe.
All I remember when travellin through Poland are endless plains...
not so much the Balkan countries as I am not that familiar with them and so don't feel quite as confident defending them
I remember our teacher was basically jokingly saying "See?
Nobody knows why it happens or how to prevent it
'Smoking haven' Czech Republic eyes ban in bars
None of this happened in the East.
I know nothing about this topic tbh, but this article came out on 1st april soo
Usually for vacation, but sometimes for different reasons - shopping, concerts, music festivals
Be careful about that
At the time when he was alive, I can't think of any other Nazi leader apart from Hitler and Himmler who had as many important functions
I live in the capital so it's a bit different but about half of my schoolmates were locals living here either with parents or on their own usually in shared flats and half were people from other parts of the country living either in dorms or in shared flats as well.
Only movie including Denmark I remember is the one where some American girl marries the prince
I certainly do
In my opinion it extremely important to handle these illegals
Some cops dont give a fuck tho
State co-owned and regulated insurance companies and insurance is mandatory, paid mostly by your employeer
Or you can use [rock and putty] in demonstration
It's still all over the place if you go there
I was looking for a guy like you haha
I've never been a francophile, but Duolingo is going pretty well so far
My guess is the period of the sexual revolution in late 60s-early 70s.
Oh, that's cool, on my school we have this class only bcs we are Christian high school, other high schools don't really have it and in my opinion it's really good to know about different religions even though 90% of us are non-believers or atheists
The market and people participating in it are too complex system to be planned for years forward
well Putin was talking about positive changes in 2017 so here we are now
[Hussite Chorale] sounds cool but it would be quite ironic that such a godless nation as we are would sing "Ye who are God's warriors".
Not a single one of these is electable to me.
When I was working in Netherlands I lived in Den Bosch which is compared to Amsterdam small city  without much turist and everytime I went to coffeshop there was full
I guess you have different view on it
Not creative, I know
We used to build these as kids, but they definitely are not common in Czechia
It’s awful
I'll just mention wild animals, 'cause dogs and cows and people probably are the most dangerous of all
I've found out recently that we have the same legend of origins of our countries
Cheers
Just ask a Roma person from pretty much anywhere
And they could also stick the urban legend about Pérák into it as well
Like in the English word huh
Trus in czech means shit
Jožin z bažin
Personally, as Czech from Moravia, i like my life here and I don't ever plan to move to capital
Multisport card
Hmm
They are actually excellent for certain use cases (home browsing/chatting/youtube machine).
It's common, but many cities prohibited drinking in centers/parks because loud and drunk and often homeless ppl were making mess there.
The worst thing that can happen is coming across drunken groups screaming in the streets, especially during hockey championship
Metric system
Jsem na tom stejně
. . .
Not meant negatively, genuinely curious.
Czech MEP Pavel Svoboda told Czech newspaper idnes
Is "C" with floppy backwards penis really masterrace to you?
Go kiss his ass
But killing them
You don't say
Let's start with expresion "little dog". Word dog has a masculine gender in czech and in correct form we can traslate it as "mal(ý) pes", in common czech people would say something like "mal(ej) pes" the ending "ej" just doesn't sound right
TEL 296 xxx xxx
Until you dont have a cross in your flag, you all are socialist atheists on my book.
*(looks out of the window)*
Hence such stats as homicides which are describing the population should be attributed to the continents where the overwhelming portion of the population lives, at least until you can get a better breakdown of the data
I only recall some weirdly tasting Polish butter, but that was from a general supermarket
Homeoffice (not really lol, its one day per month)
Let's say that Český in this case refers to the territory of Bohemia proper (Čechy in Czech), not the whole country or its people
[This] is the beginning of Velvet revolution on 17th October 1989 - peaceful protest soon to be violently ended by communist regime's forces
Since we have been with them, they have lost piece by piece of our clay.
Iceland would make no difference
No jail
I love dark handsome men when they also smell nice and don't wanna deny my basic rights.
would you say that it would be a good idea for the countries with the same language, culture and business to form a common state ?
Of course he spoke mostly german
) would be nice
Usually I would use yellow for Czech, red for English, pink/orange for History and Art, brown or grey for PE, blue for Math, shades of green for Biology and Chemistry, and the rest was kinda random based on which colors I had on hand
> Dressing up isn't part of that holiday
Nevertheless, the *interpretation* of the boundaries is carried out by independent courts based on the principle of proportionality
Even though personally I like Sarajevo the best
No, I don't think that's an issue here.
It’s so angering, honestly
I always hear about Czech people not understanding Slovak, but I've never met any
He may look and act like a senile zombie, but he can still do harm
We also had a subject called History of the Christian Church and let me tell you, that was probably the most boring thing I've studied ever
€15k/year is low-to-mid range IT salary outside of Prague, especially in the smaller cities.
It was my first time to Brno, And we only went to the mall
I wonder how many of them still think Czechoslovakia exists
And some more
Special family recipes and such aren't a big deal here IME, I just like
Ahh yes, Netherlands the place of death, grim and fire
Ok it makes sense then
Also a lot of activity throughout thousands of years as it is a meeting point of 3 major ethnic groups
Sounded like a modern version of the political processes
No, thank you
1st republic
It is the same thing, just translated word for word
They are not complicated, but they are not directly connected to the spanish cardinal numbers, but to the latin ones
\**cries in Czech*\*
The emperors are sometimes called "římskoněmecký císař" (Roman-German Emperor) to distinguish them from the Roman and German (1871-1918) emperors
He was kept captive in his guard booth until morning, and the whole time he had no idea what is going on
mapy
This
- Indian cuisine seems to be gaining popularity
It's not inherently inferior, but we have an inflated amount of vocational schools compared to other countries, because of big industry lobbying
Quote from Gallup website, that made the survey.
Read about its history here, I think it is time to finally put the arguments to an end:
I disagree, but that's ok because complexity is subjective.
But people seem to think guns are somehow 100x more deadly
I personally find Prague overrated, but it's alright, people are just trying to relate to something
"Hey, do you know how do you say 'hedgehog' in Polish
You usually go to the same camp with with the same people every year until you are ~18
I can see it with Slavic nations and Eastern European nations as a whole
Zombie, Zombie, Zombie
We learn that in history and social education
If that were the case, the country never would've split up
Definitely not in a full urban bus or similar
Othen than that: fortunately no and I don't think that will change any time soon, as we are one of the most atheist countries in the world (which is understandable, we went through a fair share of religious wars in the past)
For me it is tuna sandwich from gas station
It's the same language just the pronunciation is kinda funky.
Also dark humour of the darkest variety
Ztrestat porcelán - punish the porcelain
I'm just too poor
But in my country it is very expensive
The women's uteruses will fall out!
No replacement for Instagram tho
Actually it was Yugoslav border right
It’s all about that 5% discipline we get from the 3rd national idea
What I found surprising tho was when my Austrian friend had it as a birthday cake on his birthday
Oof
Ájm kvajt sád bícůs of skůl.
President also spread lies and refuses to apologize
Or simple Fuck
If it means a massive brain drain, so be it, much better than to deprive people of their freedom and frustrate them.
Of course, you can alter it
They don't need a work permit, they can just come here and start applying for jobs.
I mean if you see this in Prague downtown at burger place (and you can) it will just tell you go for burger somewhere else unless you need to pay a double
In Czech verbs have a special form that expresses past tense with imperfective aspect: usually infix *-va-* is inserted before past tense particle ending *-l*.
Here you can also say _Je to pravda!_ (_It is truth!_), but it would be your own response to your sneeze as a confirmation of your previous words.
Czechs already surpased Bergamo level, we are the best in covid deaths per capita
Of course you're going to be exposed to both cultures and preceive them as one when one of your parents is a Slovak
However I feel connection to west Slavic countries (Slovaks and Poles) everywhere I go
They never heard of all those ships, airplanes, the whole quisling thing
Svatá říše římská (Holy Roman Empire)
* John Lackland = Jan Bezzemek
screw you, Mácha
Lmao they are not socialist in the slightest
Czech wikipedia seems only good for stuff relating to Czech Republic and I do not look that up often
That's all, pretty much
Whether we like it or not, America is economically and militarily the most important country in the West
The pagans were baptised and the land went to the Teutonic order.
/r/MapsWthoutCZ ?
Iceland - Island in Czech
I don't know if it's a tradition to be religious, but Czech Republic is a country which has the greatest percentage of atheistic people in a country in the world
We grow basil, parsley, chive, mint and bear's garlic on our balcony.
Trump's term was just a catastrophe
I agree with the Roma part
Is he a "refugees welcome" kind of guy like Merkel?
OTOH i/y distinction is a nice relict and it illustrates how Czech has evolved (writing i/y is not "random", it has deep etymological roots)
In Czechia we call it Německo
Boyfriend lol, it would have to be a big bed for the 109
Слава Україні is literally transliterated to “Slava Ukraini”.
(don't know what punishment is if you don't)
However, your response to me sound more like you actually pointed the accusation towards her, so now I'm not sure what to think.
Nope
You can't really tell Czechs and Slovaks apart in any other way than language
It seems to me the other way around personally
The first map is real wtf for me.
I've read that most Finnish people nowadays are opposed to mandatory Swedish in schools, is that true
spoken polish is complete gibberish for me
Damn
(rose's (love) was appeared by fragrant sigh)
I always liked Poland, I always looked at Poland as part of our central european family, I root for Poles in the Eurovision even if I don't particulary love the song, I always defend you from morons attempting the blame you for WW2 and I hope your economy will only flourish but I won't pretend that the meat situation is alright on any level
Here's a picture of our prime minister eating one
exact same here, but that's not a surprise
But I’d say the most important factor is using the language to do whatever you are passionate about, rather than revising grammar or being good at languages
Stuff like Cold War or other 20th century conflicts were covered very loosely in the geography classes (only thanks to our great teacher), but that's about it
What a monster the EU is, we should have caste system instead like India or strict gender separation like Saudi Arabia.
Well, after what happened with the Gamestop stocks I definitely have more than enough lol
Both
Yes, but I put on subtitles so I don't miss anything.
Triggered
*No one* has any idea what to do with Albania.
Almost :)
Even with multiple people dead (for example well known Studenka 2015 - Pendolino & polish truck - 3 dead and 17 injured)
In Prague you can walk everywhere at night (but not now due to the covid lockdown)
And I have heard good things about visiting it from friends and family.
We also see guns as a certain symbol of freedom, only communists and nazis banned guns here
> faux wood finishing
That's a nice slogan but sadly our society is not ready for it.
I personally don't mind it, but I found out that even people who know little to no English don't like it
It takes 5 minutes to walk from my apartment to a small supermarket, 10 minutes to a big one.
WOW Its big
drone footage of new highway bridges build at northwestern Slovakia
However we can't just blame communism for everything and cry how developed we were before WW2.
It's fundamentally damaging for working class people
In which field are you working as an Expat in CZ, if you don't mind saying
And after being part of eastern block for 40 years, I believe it’s reasonable to be cautious when dealing with them
This is just my impression from living in CZs relatively big city.
All I know is that my dad watches it every time it's on TV.
True, but I guess u/mathess1 meant its application in construction
Unfortunately that's the only useful info the website gave
Yeah, you're right, embarassing
Great Moravia was indeed promoted in school curiculum during Czechoslovakian times, to show Czechs and Slovaks like two parts of the same people, devided for 1000 years by vile outside forces untill we returned into our "natural state".
Last year I had almost whole old vacation days so I needed to take it all to the end of the year
Next economic crisis, which are some people trying purposefully start, will decide
Probably anything involving our president and alcohol (or [these] [two] ) I don't know if anyone else finds them Czech enough, but that is something I would show to someone if they asked what are Czechs like
I saw a video by some Czech truck drivers with refugees beating on their doors and doors of the truck in front of them.
v = in
The number of people doing business in Africa is limited.
Ashamed
I don't have Austrian flag next to my ID so I had no need to talk about Austria at all
We just call it schnitzel and put anything inside.
In ASOIAF she just
Well then hopefully when I get older and don't understand how something important works I shouldn't be in charge of changing said thing without proper knowledge
No one is drinking that except that part of CZ where it was born (northern Moravia).
I started being able to understand movies in english round 12 pro 13 years old
Romania
They often won't be particularly nice to you and you often wait for a long time in a waiting room
My grandpa was born in 1939, so basically the earliest memories he has are from the end of the war.
"Byl pozdní večer, první máj, večerní máj byl lásky čas"
"Yes, not everything is perfect, I understand and I too don't understand, I was looking for a vet on Monday and they were full everywhere, then we've found out that saloons, dog saloons, are closed, which is nonsense and when we've fixed that everyone was lauhue at us"
France arrogance during the Versailles peace conference on the other caused the rise of Fascism in both Germany and Italy
I'd say 2-4/10 smoke it
Every once in a while construction has to be halted in nearby villages because they uncover a few medival coins and pottery shards - in the ground or in old walls
Czechoslovakia invasion was mostly bloodless and 'allowed' by the Allies.
Terezín is a place everyone goes to before being 15 at least
K98 stojí pouze 15k, to jde :D
- až na to, že se nikdy nenechal korunovat
Can you give us more info about the Austrian lumber company thing?
[Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia in Bratislava, 1968] Slovak man showing courage and defiance
I'd throw in Serbia, Croatia
Morpheus forgot to load the weapons
Spain has to have *something* going for it, so I suppose it's alright.
Thank God Agrofert for CZ is not on the list
It's not really dilly
Moravstán, because no metro
That's how it startér, but then there were more than enough opportunities to make it 'normal' again
I was crying when I first saw it.
That mf is drunk 24/7
Welcome to leftie reddit
You can ask your mum to practice a bit with you
National Technical Museum
I think it is self-explanatory in this current pickle we are in
Czech RepuBRICK
In fact they tend to all stick together.
The Austrian FM and Barron Trump can be friends...hahaha
Doesn't Jean Parisot de La Valette also count ?
It's not the Czech kapusta (kale), which can go burn in hell
[Would you like to see something to disappear from this world?]
It has somewhat stable educated population.
"Mít ostré lokty" - having sharp elbows
Yes, we are close to other "German Slavs" like Poland or Slovakia but I think that is point of need to stay together after what happened after WW2 (including)
* What we have (done) each other, that we have (done) each other.
I'd rather have a Stoichkov one
said nobody living in cities
Western Europe (France, Benelux, west Germany, possibly Denmark if it's not North, British isles and Switzerland)
You don't know how good you have it
Also my mother placed a lot of importance on learning English (she doesn't speak it herself) so I went to English language courses for many years and got up to C1 certification (currently thinking of trying C2).
It allows you to spend 1-2 semesters abroad and for a lot of people who've tried it, it's a really good experience
"Přijít <něčemu> na kloub" = "To come up to <something's> joint (like in a knee, not the one with weed)" = Figure something out
Ten
No, there was almost nothing here during roman empire era, some Germanic tribes etc
As a kid I thought that 'the Baltics' (Pobaltí-Pribaltika) were one country, since they were always referred to as a grouped up thing
Tahák, from word Tahat (pull) as it is going to pull you out of problems
communism spun a lot of heads back then
There are almost no pedestrian crossings in the centre, therefore you just need to pick a spot and expect the worst
I'm not even sure how fast/slow mentalities can evolve.
The only building which survived in Hiroshima was built by Czechs and the big silo which survived in Beirut was built by Czechs too
We're small country in the middle of Europe, accessing the sea is complicated.
For Czech, it's
you guessed it, "dog"
Well, one of the problems is that it adds a lot of hassle for theatres, collectors, historical re-enactments and such.
) a lot at night and never felt actually unsafe
They are considering their options because they have no idea what the future in UK will look like.
Most Slavic female names are just weird
In Czech *linecké těsto* (Linzer Mürbeteig
Hello, my name is James Holden...
(Next in the line would be: more beer, atheism and complaining about everything)
It's the same in Czech - "prosinec" = December.
I didn't really like the Glock for example.
30% of the population will vote for ANO apparently so there is plenty ignorant and stupid people in our country
What people like you repeatedly fail to understand is that the "Eastern Europe" definiton most (ignorant) people use was defined by the Iron Curtain and extremely oppressive treatment from the Soviet Union
No, we say Česko (some people also say Čechy as for the whole republic, but it's just one of the historical countries (Bohemia) and it pisses Moravians and Silesians - pretty rightfully)
I have used mine for almost anything in the times I built two houses
Austria was with you for much longer than Slovakia
Heraldic symbols played important role in society especially in the feudal system based on aristocracy and fiefdom.
How do you like Zeman meeting Filip and his communist cohort today
we don't have any and I am fine with it
I can add slides, text and pictures, but that's the extent of my PowerPoint skills
China made promises in investment but none came
Well, that's a whole another level of complicated feelings)
I live in a village in south Moravia and oh god this day might spart debate amongst its residents, especially the old people who still think communism is better
I suggest that you focus on Transylvania and then often neglected Moldavia (not Moldova) and the Danube delta.
joint session/meeting of governments
It must be a crushing situation, one that being good to the outside world is seen as weakness and a sign of collaboration.
I'd say it's also known for being a student city, even more than Brno
Quite simply, I'm not paying 300Kč (~€12) for a bowl of ramen
The older the person, the more conservative in general.
It makes me sad that with Hungarian you must really learn every word, there are no similarities and even knowledge of other languages doesn’t help
Depends what you do, for example you can employ a dishwasher for this but not a nurse.
with problems they represent a lot of time I hear we should help them integrate but if they would strike to integrate there wouldn't be problem look at Czech Vietnamese most hard working people they came later than gypsies and Muslims compared to WE and they are integrated problem isn't at our side so why should we do their job.
Yeah, Czechs are batty about their KFC
Yeah that's my favourite part as well
Samsung (Galaxy S and Ace lines) and iPhone.
The Treaty of Lisbon basically transferred power from us to EU and I don't like that
I'm also slim, not as skinny as a typical runway model, but still pretty lean.
Economists hate southern Europe, learn why
Opened all of them, all are fine but Italian and Galician one
Very easy actually, it's more like a different dialect rather than different language when it comes to difficulty
They won an election and then made all future elections invalid
EDIT: As a girl, I don’t recommend "morning sickness" as an excuse for being late
China is so big that they can get a lot of raw materials without relying on imports.
Nothing is for free, we just pay it with our taxes
Specially since as I said, it's not even an effective solution in the first place.
I'm fairly certian that in Czech you can also say behind the computer,  but I never found it weird
hLaVnĚ sE z ToHo nEpOsEr
Depressing that nobody seems to mind in this country
I've launched the first video
5 hours
Why Poles
The environment is fucked because planned economies and the weather don't mix well, add´ to the fact that heavy industry is developed immensely
We only make 6%? But hey our beer is the best B)
Anyway, I'm for czexit IF we can negotiate some trade deals
I personally find Kladno really ugly (haven't yet had the pleasure of visiting Karviná) and some people say that they don't like Bruntál, Nymburk, Most, Rakovník and Hrubý Jeseník
But I don't think it was hard for Medek to come up with Bradavice
He also said pussy in an interview
I have to say I've never ever experienced any bad reaction from Spaniards, even when my Spanish was very basic
I was waking up, going to office, did my 9-5 like US guys sitting next to me.
I agree with the last one
Heck, Papa Putin tells me that in my sleep too.
You could have been born in Congo or Burundi for instance, so still you have won the lottery in this world.
Actually Adolf Hitler was also idealist believing in nationalism and "scientific" racism; by the way he din't inveted it, he only dared to force what others only wrote, the same Lenin and may other contemporary freaks
I really hope to go to Vienna on Erasmus
It's nonsensical to worry about naturally limited spots
That's a lot
Never ending cycle of train crashes
My dad makes the best koprovka
In general, language teachers prefer Zoom because of the fact you can make groups there
Táhni, když se o tom už mluví tak to zmíním. Jestli to nebylo dostatečně patrné, tak jsem to myslel obecně a ne cíleně.
No, but there is one Pizza stand where I live that specifically labels itself "American Pizza" and there you always get some garlic sauce
These are extremely common all around SE Asia
I will say as it runs through my head
Imo the hyphen thing is a bit nitpicky, it'd be extremely difficult to confuse to two
Not offending, you are actually right
Pistol and revolver ammunition with expanding projectiles and the projectiles for such ammunition, except in the case of weapons for hunting or for target shooting, for persons entitled to use them
I would like so much if they would raise budget of ESA, my country should contribute more but we are kinda poor still.
It goes sideways in some places, the walls aren't flat, there's debris, "fake" bottoms and possibly some very small openings which you have to find and fit through
Today i woke up and it was 14 degrees in my bedroom
But nobody ever lumps us in Northern Europe.
Although admittedly, now that I think of it, engineering wise, it should be 108824662254±149896229 meters
They don't forget the obligatory "paid by Soros", "anti-democrats who don't respect the result of free elections" etc
We had a protestant religion almost a century before Luther wrote 95 thesis
* a football is roughly 5575 cm³ [(source)]
Using i/y is much more (lucky you you don't have the same shit in past tense as we do)
Thats because most people have been taught to fear and hate guns with passion, most Czechs just dont mind
**Ostrava:** industrial, short-voweled dialect, swearing a lot, unemployment, pollution, lots of Poles
It will be around 1,60 this year.
Religiousness of developed world is in decline and it should be such.
That would be a really great video game
Google better works on advanced google translator.
I meant the aspect that I would copy
Or maybe even do a full degree there.
They are economically right-wing, socially semi-conservative party
Whether *koprovka* ("dill cream sauce") is great or terrible
Řekly jsme
but then nationalism appeared
Article 1
well, I have no idea, I use them for no reason
Sorbian - 70 %, again, I need to hear it slow and carefully pronounced so I can pick the words apart, but usually I get the meaning of the sentence somewhat
They hope for work for everyone, high payment etc.
Which food in particular
It's the little things with the embroidery and use of lace, sleeve endings, accessories.
The "Střílna" ammunition factory was located on the northern edge of Bolevec in Pilsen
>vepřejď
Of course this isn't a very good metric of which country it's better to live in, but still
We're generally proud of something with a Czech background made by other nationalities, so at least that'd be in your favor
You just need your ID to get into countries that are in the EU
Both are available here
All thanks to our star player, Andrej Coviš. Sorry jako
Can't recall if it was from 15 or 18 years because parents didn't let me in
I didn't know that
Or bitten someone
Just because my card was issued in another EU country
I would personally argue to give away Donetsk and Crimea officially since there is no other solution to this conflict except attacking Russia.
I traveled Prague to Copenhagen by night train it was fine
Here it's handshake for everyone
So DONT ELECT DANGEROUS PEOPLE even into ceremonial functions
Czech kinda circumvented the problem using *velkoměsto* (bigcity) for, you know, big cities
I like it more and more with every language I learn
He did it again after elections, he appointed winner of it as sole ruler without consent of parliament
I wouldn't do it, I like it the way it is.
It is true that cancerous cells usually lack inhibition of growth/dont respond to apoptosis signals etc.
I think it wasn't such a problem for him, because he is the original author of QEMU.
The Dancing House
And don't get me wrong, I dislike Zeman as much as the next guy, but surely you can't seriously believe the reason for this change is him being drunk, so I *do* wonder why you are triggered.
Unless something is done, we might start losing members
Most of them had lied or did actually marry a foreigner or planned to stay abroad
Wasting military lives trying to do some french bidding in Mali or whatever colony is not really useful for anyone other than France
I loooove Bamberg and the beer
Beer too I guess
Might aswell put Slovenia out, the cost of their highways
Phone 1: BF109 escorting damaged B-17 (Franz Stigler and Charlie Brown incident)
> My ability to lie to myself has no limits
someone from vnitro who is in charge of all these lives there, probably
I live in a small town in Czechia and I think it varies
These parties used to be much stronger but the populist parties syphoned off their support base
The more when no money were missing and nobody tried to pay with that
I love Spanish cuisine more than most others
;-) In fact, most people here simply don't care about it
I laughed embarassingly lot at "Don't touch my spaghet
Valtola FIN
Fire drills everywhere, in hotels, in offices
&#x200B;
There is the obvious: beer and pub culture
Interesting, I thought you operated from Minas Morgul
* **Historic Centre:** An ancient, picturesque and mysterious empty shell of a city, full of tourists and tourist scammers
Eventhough those protests are huge, it can't cause much damage to our prime minister, or minister of justice, because they are getting support from higher places
We did, although not very in-depth, but there was some prehistory, Greece, Rome, then focus shifted to early local history (Great Moravia), then to medieval Czech rulers and their shenanigans, a quick look at world events when America was discovered, Renaissance, 30 yrs war, Habsburgs, French revolution, Napoleon, WW1 and then there was usually not enough time to finish the plan, so we got some lessons on WW2 and that was it, more or less
Belgium especially
I hope there is a quality burn centre in Slovakia, because holy shit, that must have hurt.
Love the original Thing, the prequel was alright but I dont know it was just meh
We could still opt for České Budějovice and enjoy the show
Instead,  it quickly gained support of the Czech people and the first republic was a relatively sucessful democratic country until 1938
Human and womens rights do not exist in middle eastern countries
But I agree with those dead Germans
I have found the Czech translations in Harry Potter extremely charming
*tramvaj* is a transcription of "tramway".
Not really for the EET reason but they are loosing something like 2-5% on transaction if they don't charge it to me.
So USA did get their first female president after all.
They would still just kill each other
the regions around the borders aren't super rich.
But U-Boat is just the German word for submarine
Have wierd wordorder and thatway used personal pronouns am yet seen’t.
Maybe just not in the way it was intended
[yup]
To the average American, what happens in their state, city, neighborhood and family is 10x more important than which crazy partisan joker sits in the white house
He could have easily got a job elsewhere
Sure, you don't have to agree with him but compare him with Hopkins or Farage
I have a bottle at home and I only ever add a bit to the pumpking soup.
I once saw a sign in polish saying „Czechów nie obsɫugujemy, p.s Krecik to cwel
* [Zimní královna]
I am missing exchange shops with outrageously inconvenient exchange rates
In the Czech Republic, it's called *Tuplák*. Which means literally "double". Although it is not really common
It is getting some spam call offering some services or asking for people making purchasing decision about once a week
I remember once when i was young and on antibiotics (i was sick) i had party at friday but my doc told me i can't drink alcohol combined with my meds
Closest you can get is to hit it with a car on a road
Looks like Germany is [fourth]
I will trade you one Donald Trump for one Babiš.
I'm now considering a move to Norway or Switzerland instead.
No clue if it has any specific name
Either isst or die Mädchen
we give a shit about it :) it is not insulting in any way and not worth a laugh as a joke :)
I refuse to believe it until you provide solid proof.
Yeah, I think we hated them more mainly because the German thing was a thing everyone knew of but no one could anything about
once at Chicago airport
You don't do reflexive pronouns
That's a great plus for us, poor motherfuckers
I didn't sleep for a week
But in other areas it's not so hot
So no, the viewpoint of a single dev on the game, even a main dev on the game doesn't fucking destroy it
Even in my country (Czech rep.) is strong social democracy party I will never vote them because I know well that they want if possible make coallition with communist party.
Wow, thanks for the award  [u/FiveDaysLate] Very cool
Definitely Slovak (partly from immigration, partly from similarity)
Why is Northern Ireland a part of British Islands when it’s clearly not an island on its own
I don't know, it didn't get to me as much as those firts two.
Gottwald got orders from Stalin to start civil war if necessary
Anything over 12h with no sleeper is a plane
Daily life in our country is mostly very monolingual, though
I finally unblocked it at home via online account.
Potato-based ones go only with poppyseed filling or topping (*šišky s mákem*)
Sadly, they caught us with our pants down.
For example, House Harlaw sounded like "Hard Law" to her so she translated it as *Drsnozákonští* but occassionally as *Drsnořádi* as well
Nah, Slovak is still fairly inteligible :^)
Even free kapusta is expensive kapusta >:(
It only sets them on the road towards eventual EU membership, but that will NOT happen before their country manages to complete a shiiiiiitload of objectives, transformations, law reforms, societal developments, etc.
Nobody does anything else than growing and drinking wine or walking around in traditional folk garbs
And since there still aren't statistics to prove that viewpoint, journalists have resorted to claiming that these crimes are merely "not reported".
Dík
if I remember stuff from school correctly both czech and polish used to be very similar languages hundreds years ago but we did lot of language reforms, they don't or in different way than us
Yeah I as a student can go from Brno to Prague which is approximately 200km for 50 kč/2 €
Not people forget themselves in left lane or ignorant blocking left lane but Germans start overtaking car hundreds meters before it is necessary, not willing speed up so you have to simply slow down when actually both of us can overtake that truck without anyone need to brake down or speed up
EU tried to ban wood burning saunas that heat over 60c.
Spanish rice has no chance in Asia I am sure.
But that's my fault because I learned a lot of my English from YouTube
Just say NO
The Hussites really werenn't.
Nevím jak to číst  :D
It's also not reasonable to not test the migrants' age and just accept anyone who claims to be 17 as a child as Sweden was doing in the past.
Ours
-4/5c cold
In Czechia the barkeep wouldnt care, and he would likely ask if you want Griotka (Cherry  flavour liquor),  Egg nog or Zelená ('The Green', liquor with appearance and taste of mint mouthwash)
This is exactly whats happening at my workplace :D
Terrible, best Anthem have Russia
McCoffee
You could be called comrade by someone in the position of authority, like policeman, boss etc
nice place with a funny accent and a beautiful nature.
Czechs did that
Cost
All government officials everywhere had to suck soviet dick or be replaced etc.
And there I thought a gay joke is comming.
I would like to make our summer less hot and our winter more snowy and frozen.
Nothing positive
I personally know very little about current Austria and I think people just generally don't care about it much (unless they live closer to the border I imagine).
My dad as a 11-year-old helped distributing anti-Soviet leaflets during the Warsaw Pact Occupation of 1968 and my mum was the first to return the Communist Party membership card at her workplace in 1989
They have a healthy portion of asian genes as well.
For sure
We in Slovakia had a president who was fluent but replaced some words all the time.
Why are the borders of the czech republic still visible
The country, at least for a tourist, looks awesome, clean
Omg your user flair XD
So far it's been a normal summer, compared to last years
What a fucking player he was mate
That’s fine
Sooo, the fight still goes on
Holy shite
We have Pičín, based from the word piča which is pretty much a cunt
Fuck having more than one language in the EU.
defenestration is pretty popular
Parents worked for same organization, just in different countries
Lol, its just a fucking gun, not a doomsday device
And they have some of the best wine and sights
That would be from insiders' perspectives right?
Juncker: "We have to teach the new president of the USA..."
Tried to gather myself, failed and decided that shower would freshen me up
Which is something hilarious of course, this whole famine
I'm not sure if our government has any consistent strategy.
It's too late
You need to go deep into the forest, when you are in nature
yes, a combo with washing machine.
The next large-ish interaction between our nations was during the 1840s as Pan-Slavism gained its brief popularity, though that was an interaction in a much broader scale and not limited to just Czechs and Slovaks alone
Deportation is a form of prosecution.
And then just hope he loses the referendum.
Václav, Karel, Jiří, Otakar, Vladislav, Boleslav, František
The Stonehenge and surrounding landscape
It is speculated that should it happen, sooner or later there will be a referendum about leaving the EU
That's how it works in many countries that are showing up as mostly yellow, AFAIK
EDIT: [German figures for 2018 should have decreased by further 5
says wikipedia, not me
Just ask a Roma person from pretty much anywhere
But anyway, in the current circumstances, Romania is doing great, I'm so proud of you for standing up to them.
BTW, those "imaginary numbers" are real money made from the "poor hard working falimiles" who work for those billionares
then yes
We have the potential to do better than we're doing (not just in terms of economy), unfortunately we are not always fullfilling that potential.
We have up to 4
I used them in Russia and I was immediately singled out as a tourist and had to pay 10x higher entrance fees
And it would be more like Czechia vs Slovakia because KSČ had big support in Czechia but not in Slovakia
Why the fuck would anyone choose the bitter rotten piss that is beer when cider, wine, and all these other low-alcoholic drinks exist
TFW these buildings are also in Germany, France and UK.
The city I live in is lucky as we get our tap water from a water reservoir in the mountains - the quality is great
hmm interesting as we that "The Asian steppe begins...." too but a bit more east :).
I feel like if you want to double-down and become a citizen, you should learn the language at the very least
We do trade with them, just less than before as many of our exports are being blocked.
He's just a talker, a businessman who'll say what you want to hear as long as he gets what he wants - President-elect.
Once in Germany on field hockey tournament there was one Polish guy in German team we were drinking with
Anyway, according to Wikipedia, the Turk's head is there because:
Because they are all gonna end up in Germany anyways.
I have to go, my dog has an appointment at the dentist.
A party town, lots of great night clubs
Many czechs always ask themselves before elections: who to vote?
Why are the foot shapes randomly mixed in?
We aren't ever planning to have kids, though, and our families don't take this seriously/don't believe us
screw you, Mácha
And not feeling guilt but instead responsibility and awareness of what humans are capable of if pushed to limits is a healthy attitude that I think most people who know a thing about history should adopt
Very common
Fun fact: My friend wrote a fan fiction about Kobra 11, because she likes Tom Beck
I'm also affraid of heights but I don't chew on skyscrapers, do I.
Who dat
Don’t have qualification we want
This made my day XDDD
But the man luring people into the water, drowning them and storing their souls is more known
But really, just the absolute basics
I don't know who's the bigger coward here.
For example Japan ppl don't like nuke bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima, but from our prespective US stopped Axis forces so it was right decision=difference of perspectives in the historic events
No, surely not the underground groups
However that's just what the current state is and I don't see any way forward in this.
Don't tell me that you beloved A-H empire was never shitting on international principles and that they were never acting hypocritical
but I'd probably stay in Czechia as I already moved once and it's OK here...
They need to ensure that it's possible to dispute those automatic claims and they have to reviewed in a timely manner by a human
Freedom to run business in every country and sell your goods and services across borders without any restrictions
My parents decided, that they won't baptize us (me and my brother) and won't influence us in what we should believe.
Only way I can notice i am crossing a border are signs warning you that you are and maybe a difference in road quality
If Romania was attacked, of course NATO would respond.
With the end of the Warsaw pact, a lot of military factories were closed down in Slovakia and many Slovaks saw Havel as their enemy, not to mention the fact that Slovaks were clamoring for independence since forever, see the first Slovak Republic.
Driver: Lolek
>There is toilet roll everywhere
> it's obviously possible to have it both ways
I think, he meant Turkey as well (Islamic world in general).
you mean a jump cock ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
* migrants from Africa/Middle East
School starts at 8, periods of 45 minutes and 10 minute breaks between them, after the second period ther is a 20 minute break
Sarajevo is also one of my most favourite cities I’ve visited
Why the "w"? I thought it's pronounced as soft l
- Persia (not much)
a sandwich at a square, an espresso, walk to another square, rest in the shadow, take another street back
Slackers
*ordering* I'll have a coke please
Just the shorts, for now
Adding Czechia to Germany would be honestly more insulting for me also Slovakia to Hungary would do more damage to be honest
Traditionally, fish aren't very prevalent in our quisine, like in most landlocked nations
Anybody who saw the Planes movie in English, there are two commentators, does one of them has an accent
Interesting, I thought you operated from Minas Morgul
20+ is t-shirt weather
I grew up not far from Vienna, went to Laa an der Thaya as a kid, and I was skiing in the Apls every winter pre-covid
For us, you can't have a debate like this without at least mentioning [the Dancing House] near the Prague historic center
Also I remember having a heated argument with my friend about whether the capital of Ireland is Dublin or Baile Átha Cliath
During the final applause make bows deep enough for the audience not to notice it is you who shouts "Bravo
You can use basically any other ATM machine, there are tons of them around with logos of different banks and "Bankomat" written on them, and those are OK, just stay clear of the ATM ones
very few and far between
The way they did it is they just approached truck drivers at gas stops and there were always some that took them in even for free.
> Awesome that it falls on a Saturday
If Princip did not killed Ferdinand d'Este and Ferdinad become the Emperor, he would have never started such war.
First make up your own mind
Eidam, cauliflower, camembert, mushrooms, rabbit, chicken...
It's the first time ESA and JAXA are cooperating IIRC and it's always great when space agencies do that.
You are the only country that as state makes profit
The law faculty is great (from what I heard)
I feel like Charles IV
Silesia confirmed for rightful Czech clay.
OMG, our world is so tiny O.O
"The Canadian government's decision to extend the military mission in Ukraine is counterproductive and does not facilitate intra-Ukrainian political process..."
Sort of
The empire of cultural appropriation.
Time will tell if there will be a bigger divide between my 'generation' (born in the late 90's) and these 'americanized youngsters'. Because I'm not sensing much of it
In Czech otrok means slave
After all, it's **European** Union.
Well you have missed out a lot!
no difference
Two are maximum and it has to be existing name in correct grammar form
It's the same exact thing like the million anti-muslim/extreme right parties, that have sprung up in recent years.
They were never part of Poland were they
Thank God Agrofert for CZ is not on the list
Nah, I would prefer teaming up with Austria and Slovenia and make Cisleithania great again.
Nazarbajev did resign
"If you vote for us we're going to do x and y reforms, and that will make us rich!" It took most people longer than it should have to see through it, the party who did all of that in the 90s only became really unpopular about 4 years ago.
Yes, it's something I stumbled upon while watching HIMYM and it was kind of cultural shock for me seeing how Americans are benevolent with saying "I love you".
Those regions are stuffed with UNESCO sites of both types.
American tourists would beat you up.
Finnish coffee isn't that bad imo
Not really, if you want Polish groceries you usually just go to Poland to buy some
(I'm not saying I agree with that, but it is what many people think).
You can't really do a comparison though since it's only the face profile photo.
what about improving the system?
Even worse, the US tech companies are so big nowadays that they can easily gobble up startups and emerging competitors in Europe (and usually ruin them after looting their tech)
I can imagine situations when your outfit may cause problems, or your behaviour, or level of your alcohol intoxication, but the number of people you're with
We also gave them [a truck full of beer] You know, because they surely don't have enough of that in Germany :D
Did my post somehow imply I'm against all standards?
Yes
We have 19th century map made out of cartographic maps from that era, that's only historic map we have (if you'll not count all previous aerial maps form 2003 - 2018)
) to get fully rid of the "German element". The locals told him to shut up and think about where he got his surname (which is likely a Czech form of "Hitzel", a common German surname in the area)
The population will live in urban centres even more in the future.
In English, it's messed up as well
" when taking your order or don't ask at all and simply bring you what you usually order or he may joke about being puzzled when you order something different or that you were missing when you don't visit the pub on your regular time
>It isn't about what's precise it's about what's usual
It's terrible, it gets stuck all the time
However this is misguided
Milk is a blessed beverage
I think people who say "Eastern Europe" just mean Former Eastern bloc, they just think it's the same thing (it's not)
a - and
Because I feel like culturally anything north of Zagreb has more in common with central Europe than it does with the Balkans
This is something I think we should work on.
All what I can see from here are some statistics,  like your officials sayings you are arresting more than 10 millions people every year and till around year 2010 it was close to 15m. With the population a bit above 300milions people it is completely insane number
Dropping the sanctions, ineffective as they might be, would be still seen and used as a huge victory for Russia and encouragement of its recent activities.
We do that too
why are you proud of the stereotype of czechs being pornstars
I get a hair cut once a few years
There is no "real" map that would be approved by every country
that's why I refrain from generalizations like that
Long tradition in coal related industry and nuclear energy
He wants to improve his position to blackmail EU.
anyone here reminded of Yugoslavia?
je IV
Don't sign the petitions for disabled people when approached, especially if they are of the darker shade
Not OP, but: Čeština je těžší než další jazyky, které jsem se naučil, ale mám cizí jazyky velmi rád. Také je pro mě zajímavé, že čeština je úplně jiná a každá věc, kterou se dozvím, mi dělá radost
I know 2 religious people under the age of 60
you better not use this argument in Czechia
It used to be common here too, but it somehow died out with the generation of my grandparents
A small defenestration seems more plausible.
"Negr" is the slur
looking at you Germany
It's interesting, that many Italians who described themselves as atheists or LGBT, still possess strong catholic attitude.
or Česká republika [tšeska republika]
There is also one former rocket base at Křivoklátsko that was transformed into post-apocalyptic town for larps and festivals
I should precise by the word there I meant indifferentlanguages
Theyve put up cameras to get some evidence in case robbers return
- various ancient civilisations in Anatolia (Phrygia, the Hittites, Lydia)
And speaking about the social aspect, pubs and restaurants are the primary places to go here by a large margin.
This is me, but with japanese
I don't think so
In special cases, a *plenum* with more judges being called
In Czech it means to really intrigue someone.
Masaryk and others simply seized the opportunity and did something that Czechs didn't for a long time - they stood up for our nation and decided that they don't want to rely on some other, foreign government to be so kind and grant us autonomy and equal status
> but I've noticed that I swear more online when writing in English compared to Swedish
It is almost like it is pointless to marry because your wife will be fat eventually (considering you stay fit ofc).
-Cynická svině (Sarcastic news)
You also pay some small fees that exist to prevent abusing of the system (e.g. 3€ per night staying in hospital, I think they already cancelled the 1€ per doctor visit, but I'm not sure)
GommeHD
Hungary one gets used a lot here to annoy Slovaks
Finaly
Yes, I use Czech QWERTY so I get to keep the special characters and don't have to switch my brain to QWERTZ and back all the time
You'll need a lot of masks, prepare, when you can
Do you want me to call some people who had their relatives deported to concentration camps by the NKVD
Something like when people reacted to a half-black president by electing trump
And, of course, most important is Jára Cimrman, inventor and writer, who I highly recommend people that don't know him to research
Potato-based ones go only with poppyseed filling or topping (*šišky s mákem*)
> you give the footballer one millon euros
Coincidence or inspiration by [Cuno Amiet's Schneelandschaft (1904)]
Regardless, we do have gendered words and the gender just naturally comes to me (us)
But for normal drinking tap water it is
k - to, towards, for
And German economy is fully depending on fossil car production
So I chose him
I also know ,,Mám v píči" - I have (it) in cunt/pussy
I do not remember anyone protesting against pita bread and if that happened than it's ridiculous, hovewer you can still get pita in plenty of places in the Czech republic.
absolutely not
Don't make graffiti tags on cultural monuments
In the case of our president, we have ordinary "people vote and the most votes win"
We've got an institution of *národnostní menšina* ([national minority] for people with the Czech citizenship but different nationality whose populations are significant in numbers or historically.
This is pretty sick if you ask me
Absolute legend, iconic
Most people don't (there was a poll the other day), some do.
My maturita was in the only year when you could choose "higher level" language exams (B2), and of course that didn't stick either because nobody else wanted them
Chile
I think it's an absolutely necessary thing for any country to have, but our healthcare system is still far from perfect, at least from my experience
I can understand Slovak probably like 99%, the easiest one after that is probably Croatian, then all the other Slavic languages
Maybe your source does count attempts to murder too
Dusík-N
But after Turkey invaded Syria it could be much worse.
Came here to say this, it definitely has to be the 2002 floods for us
No, I do not, and imo something like federation is never gonna happen, but I'm all for European cooperation
It was already beyond the Limes
aaand they dropped their most popular issues in which Finns voted for them; immigration and refugee crisis
I'm currently wearing T-shirt saying "New York"
We played this exactly once
To clarify - the proposed Constitution Amendment in reality doesn't change (almost) anything because we already have very liberal gun laws (we're the only European nation where gun license is "shall issue"), reasonable self-defense laws, etc.
I think Czechs are quite justified in their dislike of foreigners who refuse to integrate, it's not a blind nationalistic hate.
It's so hypocritical when alcohol and tobacco are legal and very much socially acceptable, and still so many people (including politicians) act like it's something horrible
Although it is rarely used
Don’t worry, I haven’t seen a fanny pack in decades
She knows high politics very well, she is well spoken, humble and she gets things done.
And we (meaning CEE) lobbied really hard for it, we were using influential people from our diaspora in the US, for example Clinton's State Secretary Madeleine Albright had Czech roots, so that helped us a lot.
Some children animations (I don't remember the names, but they were from Spain, France, Italy,...), some soap operas/romances (like Inga Lindström, 1001 Nights) Action (Cobra 11), Sci-fi (Doctor Who) etc
never ever remember any outages in my network but there are some, usually local.
Most commonly just *Makedonie* or officially *Makedonská republika*.
Train control
No, it is unconstitutional
Starting 30 years war would probably count
Yes, you can be left leaning and be anti-immigration, how shocking.
Slovakia or Russia (before 1917)
Teaching there is not great or  good
We won’t have questions like “what do you think of America/Americans” anymore
And we should finally create that damn EU army.
We should be heading towards one nation worldwide if we want to colonise the universe.
Continent is called Evropa in Czech language, Jupiter's moon is Europa.
Let's settle on Czechoslovakia.
Between 5-12, or so your brain loses the ability to rewire and regenerate.
We hated church hundred years before that
Praha vs Brno already is a thing, so let's add to the fire
Can we join as well
Yes, these letters (graphemes) are traditionally referred to as "vowels" in the English mainstream, however from a linguistic point of view, it is wrong
Forgot your ideological visions of the World and read for example *Frost comes from the Kremlin*  *Mráz přichází z Kremlu* *)* by Zdeněk Mlynář to understand elementary facts of the 1968-1970 history
Ha, good point
Current owners of Minsk and Kyiv have different problems
The temperature was around 25°C. But tomorrow
Thousands of innocent civilians were brutally murdered and slaughtered for no reason, those actions were often very organized
quadrilion = biliarda
I came to Reddit because of a stupid Prague tour guide comment
\*ahem\*
We actually got stopped once for crossing a on a red
I was hoping you would link the [Fichtels Lied]
In Prague you can walk everywhere at night (but not now due to the covid lockdown)
How we think we're experts in mountain climbing, rafting or scuba diving, but in reality we're not, because we're a landlocked country with totally soft core mountains and rivers, so then when we try to apply our skills abroad, we often fail miserably.
And despite fact Zizkov tower is cool, there are higher structures in this country.
People could not travel freely outside the country - it was easier if you wanted travel do "friendly socialist country", it was much harder for the West
Rooff for that explanation
It's time for millenials to take over
I would like to think the Italian or Spanish government would allow Romanians to do the same if they wanted.
First I don't need to keep a track of myself.
The expulsion of most ethnic Germans (about 1/3 of population of the country) after the WW2, especially its first "wild" phase with lynchings and mass murders (for example at least 800 civilians in the town of Postoloprty)
I could not comprehend a single word
You have the similar number of inhabitants and about 3300 people died in Sweden
I'll already spoil that Porsche also spoke in fact Czech
I wrote Radio Maryja not  Radio Marija
D1 (Highway 200km long which is many years in reconstruction (30+% of the highway has reduced speed and very poor flow)
Also rozmazlený - overcuddled
Actually, after the revolution and throughout the 90s it was super popular to wear huge logos of western brands cause it had been forbidden fruit until then
I mean lot of Middle Eastern muslims look not that different from Spanish, Italian or Greek people and those are not disliked in the Czech republic
we don't want any religious nonsense and Islam just happens to be expansive these days, so yeah.
Did you not hear about the angry parents who named their daughters Daenerys
Look at my country, for example
Penultimate position, Craiova
) and he had our flag on the wall of his room) or if you have it like decoration in some not crazy way
In czech republic I still encounter it, but very rarely
) They're not as close as dialects of the same language, because some vocabulary is rather different, there are some variations in their grammar, but to me, the core thing stays the same and they're as close as two languages from the same family can be, probably also because of the shared history
Yeah, I'd support high speed railways anywhere
Orban is a thug and criminal who belongs behind bars
What did anyone say Nova Prospekt
Once I tried to read to rules on wikpedia, had possibly wut?
After some beers we were speaking Czech-Polish with him :D
I don't really know, what to think about this.
Lots of high quality booze, goose and sweaty socks
He later lived luxurious life from money he filched away, but died in age 45 due to an exotic disease
1) accommodation is not easy to find
Always have Pilsner for Christmas dinner though
There were the Polish Armed Forces in the East w/ the Red Army
Sounds like a dumb idea, but there was reason for the ban - people would buy a beer or two when leaving the pub at ten (when they had to close at the time) and drink them in the streets
Gallen become Svatý Havel, Zürich is Curych (though that is just a rewrite so i don't know if it counts), Genoa becomes Janov, or Saltzburg becomes Solnohrad (though I actually never heard anyone say it like that, but it still just means Salt castle)
They are scary but cool
Gottwald got orders from Stalin to start civil war if necessary
This is a potato version -  but potato dough goes better with savory stuff, IMO, which can also mean stuffed dumplings -
He failed to manage coronavirus (but I think that no president could manage coronavirus in America
I am positively surprised
V potoce se voda točí, podemele tvoje oči,
Wouldn't that be correct in the case of a group of people mutually watching their belongings
Wow, Jožin Bažin :D
Taught me more than biology classes at school.
We need only one big country to see all bullshits of our president (stupid idiot with dementia) and prime minister (thief, murderer and ex-agent of communist police)
Elected Russian puppet leaders or became client states for Putin.
Kafka is really a special case.
Sweden is either cute, or threatening
Once our history teacher let some student from university to teach us WW2
5, slightly more great than not great, slightly less terrible than not terrible
Not at all, it is surprise when they know location of our shithole (when going outside of Europe obviously)
Now of course in normal case the corpse is moved to empty room
It gets progressively uglier towards the city’s periphery
Then perhaps even Lithuania can into Nordics.
At our house we also crack walnuts to find if it has healthy core.
You want a list
And yet here we are 100 years later, having never learned our lesson about admitting Greece into currency unions...
I've checked some news websites in the past and I could understand most of the articles
Passport and waist = pas
For some politicians, Russia is counterbalance to the western policies i.e.
That’s the thing
the Czech version is K + M + B which is translated as:
I am going to get downvoted into oblivion for this but here I go
Just don't leave him any cookies and you'll be fine
Tu n'es rien à mes yeux qu'une autre cible.
With Slovaks it is like friendly rivalry
Oh I'm not Swedish
I get you, we czechs also love not to be Eastern Europe
Eh, I guess most people can cook to some extent, but way too many men still expect their girlfriends/wives to do it all the time
For Czechia Hussite Wars or assassination of Heydrich
We love it for obvious reasons
I usually sleep like 8-9 hours even when I have to wake up at 6AM
national flag carrier but not of our nation.
You are right "jídelna" is more similar to polish "bar mlieczny" at least from my experience
Then there is the president, and Hamáchad and lately České dráhy (about the train crashes)
Thankfully, banks in almost all EU countries are already in the recovery phase, and their bad loans (NPL ratios) are decreasing.
Off the top of my head, Slavic people have domovoy, Egyptian Bes, Anglo-Saxon hob, French lutin, German kobold, etc
It is challenging a bit for me to say
The café culture is the epitome of the liberal conspiracy.
What do they achieve by killing this bird
Let me guess, you also spell Österreich, Tschechien, Ungarn and Zypern which explains your ordering :P
But anyway, the anti-Czechia crowd was on the wrong side of history this time :D
Danish students
Seems like some pretty inconsistent methodology was used when creating this map
Then I guess England would be happy to get rid of them.
Then kids stopped going out for easter, as it was pointless - now boys only visit their relatives
I don't think I have ever encountered a window in Europe that couldn't do that, up until now I thought that was the norm
In Czechia, We have one guy his name is Petr Cibulka, he is each term running for elections and he always takes one voting paper just for himself because the name of his party is:
It goes from around 0
Looks almost like something I'd find here.
Mitochondrial DNA is also very usable in that sense.
Trus in Belarusian is a rabbit
Czech children with ketchup
Whats private law by your definition
absolutely not
Agreed, also Johannes is really nice
Absolute motherfuckin retard
Well, you can guess how it is in Czechia
Are you serious
Fridge
There are syrians in europe everywhere
There is a reason why Japan was never colonised.
And anyone from anything older than 20th century is way more forgotten than Heydrich
Yeah, close enough
Čistit, leštit
But the most distinctive ones are Moravian and Silesian
My thought is
By electing Le Pen now, when she has rather small number of supporters, there's at least a chance that some of them will change their opinion of her during her presidency
Like, you can't tell when a sentence is going to end, haha
But normal everyday people dont know this
They have been trying for years and now they have suceeded
Nah, we literally built our national identity around pub culture, so we count as well
How is your Fish-speaking proficiency?
So it's not all that terrible while you are a student
Yes, you're right about that, the fact that all member countries - definitely not just the V4 - mostly follow their own interests first, is making the EU weaker.
I know plenty of people who are just fine and they had single mum/ dad.
"when we get home you're gonna regret that"
Last year I was surprised how beautiful, calm and welcoming Budapest is
Town police operates in their own town, or sometimes, when asked, can help a neighbouring town
This is sadly the best best that Brno has to offer, it pales in comparison with Prague in pretty much everything
Howitzer is derived from houfnice because they were used against crowds (houf) of enemies
Prague, Jihlava, Znojmo and several other cities have pretty big underground (tens of square kilometers)
Some only once a year
The EU has problems respecting its own rules, like not touching member states internal security
Do I have to pay a tax now
We had saying: "We pretend we work, they pretend they pay us
Yep, IT is a great field to be in.
&#x200B;
Culturally I would feel at home
Lots of Czechs care almost exclusively about price.
Also, you're wrong
I believe that only individual himself knows best how to operate on free market to benefit him the most
Egypt - ancient times, Nile, Crocodiles, extremely densely populated, Suez canal and crisis
I think they are doing some half arsed methane capture but its a grim sight and smell
I don't live in Prague and I only look for new restaurants there every couple of months
* contact lenses
(and have some beer and booze because it is in Prague after all
Not on Reddit (almost no one in CZ uses or knows Reddit), but politicians often do "AMA" on news portals like iDnes.cz
Yeah i agree 100%, a lot of people seem to not like LIDL in this thread but in Denmark its one of the better stores to go to
oh and you want to drive during late nights and weekends, so don't underestimate fuel as well.
Got it, thank you :) I would have loved having afternoon shift as a teenager, haha
Not anyone else
He, with help of the towns folk, set up a trap and killed the dragon
Many common policies lasted even after the split.
Started German a little over a year ago and I can't tell at all
You tend to forget
Fun fact: I live in town where he was born
Museum Of Fine Arts in Algiers
(1) The Czech Republic is a sovereign, unitary, and democratic state governed by the rule of law, founded on respect for the rights and freedoms of man and of citizens
You want the Lands of the Bohemian Crown, then
I don't know, personally I'm not in favor of referendum regarding LGBTQ.
China or Russia not even hypothetically
Yes, economic sanctions are working.
Czech language is actually translated quite often, but I don’t mind having it in english
You're *not* going to "lob those rockets on each other".
The year 1968 is definitely described differently in Russia than in the rest of the eastern europe
net, PO BOX 595, 170 00 Praha 7
The EU is currently suing the countries that refused them and might fine them
time for some appfel struddel, recht
- Do prdele
Never encountered one in my life probably
Getting a common state with the Czechs was a win-win situation, even if it didn't fulfil all the hopes people had
/s in case someone couldn't tell
I've never felt any kind of threat
") as in a command you give to a dog which doesn't add much to its popularity
Жыве Беларусь! Stay strong, brothers
Barely
Hussites are super badass from military perspective, but from religious side they have been extremely radical in 15th century
Parents take their small children to pee in a bush / occasionally also naked small kids around public pools
Just like normal cafeterias
10\^6 = milion
How often do you switch between them
like I said before Germany took in refugees per capita than Italy even before 2014.
desktop: alienware logo, quite ok
Her cunning plan was to slowly subverting EU from inside.
Fresh or spring water
When Poland invaded east of Czechoslovakia few days before WWII, our president Beneš sent letters for help to UK and France with only limited response - they did basically nothing
Time to write Disney a petition
Does that include Stella Artois and Jupiler?
Windows in usa are not plastic, we have to conserve energy, because energy is more expensive in europe
For some reason, when i was like 14, people stopped opening doors
If the same growth was in Europe countries forming EU would have had 2.5 billions of inhabitants, there would have been no EU but powerty and wars.
The Romani man looks like Pedro Pascal
Also, you know, the fact that people mistake us for Checnya REALLY doesn't help
Oh yea
The first sentence of your response might be a bit confusing because Bohemian and Czech are (or at least used to be for centuries) synonyms
If doctor asked me to choose between Russian vaccine and no vaccine, I would gladly accept available one
Stalinism, Leninism, Maioism are results of implementing communist/ marxist ideas into real society
Also instead of devadesát, Russian has devanosto
Definitely ice hockey , its something what can put people together
Ministry of Defence & Armed Forces
The problem is probably that there are a lot of mountain ranges in between
Such a great detail
Germany: not again ... (But sure)
Maybe we could work again
So theres this show to help tourists find amazing places - HONEST GUIDE and the host was on the Charles Bridge and was making up a story, where if you touch a certain lamp it will grant you eternal luck or whatever
So I would say that I feel that pressure sometimes
Zatímco švagrová štrikuje svetr a fotr plundruje špajz, sestra v ešusu ukuchtila fašírku s erteplema
But we had very big protests sometimes around 2012 against budget cuts which were organized by the unions and supported by the opposition.
Do you call  Kenyan who speaks english English
My favorite one is: "Na to ti sere bílej tesák!"
she can ask Trump as well, [he likes her too]
Maybe in border areas, but otherwise your chances would be fairly slim
But still, the aggressive campaign of some of the British media towards Eastern Europeans was pretty much impossible to miss.
You make it by adding *-ová* (usually) or *-á* after the "default" version.
Because it seems they do not hear rational arguments
Shut up Yoda, just eat your toast
When I was at the university and travelled home to weekends, I almost always took the train, because it's the best option considering the price, comfort, and speed of travel
It's infuriating we have to travel to Sweden to see one of our national treasures which is one of a kind object
I agree, but the roaring lion is just badass
The exact reason why Austria had Soviet troop stationed there was because it was an occupied country, responsible for the 2nd World War
Why not to use the latest available - 3Q 2016?
I've heard you call them *drevokocúr* (woodcat) as a joke here, is there any truth to it
2 things: 1) NEVER say that Czech rep.
Czech Republic hasn't been a fully separate entity since the 14th century when they were consumed by the Austrian kingdom.
We got a lot of hatred from some Americans a couple of years ago because of a bombing that took place in Boston
If I was one of them, I would probably feel like I was robbed of my future.
Me amd my mother went to the Stromboli by night cruise and when we came back we noticed some small fires on the hill, we wondered about how the more you go to the south, the less the give a fuck :D
On Easter men spank women with wooden whips
I don't get why is abortion banned in Ireland.
>Nakovalo is an Anvil
Both have a certain "underdog" mindset, although we express it in a much different way due to the whole 20th century mess
For who is it good for
Not to be confused with the tv channel ran by Jaromír Soukup
We would have sandpeople like germany, britain, france and sweden
I guess it depends on why you are speeding
" "We are for  Malta
I understand nationalism in my coutry as putting one group with the majority nationality before other minorities within the same state.
Also been there
In 2018 we had a geography textboox in which Slovakia literally borders the Soviet Union
It's funny how people from Prague keep saying how they don't care about Brno (as the overused joke goes: "You know what Praguers say about Brno
" (which I would love to see some numbers on)
It's a shame, but nothing catastrophic
One of the reasons I can think of is that some people might cut several trees down and sell them for profit
Ah yes, It's all coming together
Shit, I maybe should read whole comments, my bad
I know many mixed couples and everyone here is fine with them
Apart from that we also went for tours around the area where we slept under the open sky, played many games, worked
I see
We couldn't fight 1938 Germany even now with our pandurs and gripens
Awesome language and I could use a different setting
Total number of unemployed people can be very easily seasonally adjusted.
Every UN member is supposed to state its long name and the short name in the country's language and in the official UN languages
"live and let live"), however from the legal point of view, we're not yet on Western European level.
That's really sad :(, but thanks for answering :)
I am leaning to demonstrations against his imprisonment, but Wikileaks
I's in stark contrast with China
Are they cutting the hours as well
This sort of behaviour is definitely not common or ok at least in central and northern europe.
Remove the blue
The problem is that the schema Conservatives versus SocDem became only deception of people long ago and they come to relize it now
Most Czech people still get angry if you suggest that there might have been any problems with the deportation of Germans from our territory in 1945 and with how they were treated before it (in some towns, people got straight up shot or thrown into the river just on the basis of their nationality, and it used to be taboo to even research these deaths; some of the deported were German-speaking Jews who had just returned from concentration camps, women were being raped as "punishment", all kinds of messed up shit)
Russia
On one side, people say that they helped liberate Prague
Their goal is to take over the world, not be friends with anyone.
Czech Republic: **Rattled**
He was murdered by his brother Boleslaus assassins
I would like to thank Romania for not participating in invasion of 1968
Prague is great, but it's a way better experience if you understand the language a know all the cool hidden non-touristy places to go to
It's our national embarrassment that we try to keep secret
I feel like it is given that Czech is almost exclusively spoken in Czech
He wouldn't withdraw us from NATO or NAFTA.
I tend to avoid these just because it's uncomfortable to me and you never know what they're gonna do
To them we're all Eastern Europe.
Well look on the bright side, you'll ace the English part
I did, however, have several cultural shocks when talking to people from came here from other continents
that's correct
Similiar with Nymburk and Poděbrady
It probably depends on the age of the kids and the social group in question
EDIT: checked wikipedia
From A-H.
Poland
I can go on with another examples but i can't procrastinate any longer :D if you wish to know more than you can go to wiki: [ where is way more info and better described than what i can give you here
On Reddit everyone recommends the Arm & Hammer Unscented but I can't find a store that ships it to my country.
Neither of us fits many stereotypes about our nations, but obviously there are some things, like we always have debates about 'proper' meal times (Czech dinner at 6pm vs
Even worse - they have no idea whatsoever that such campaigns are being supported by Czech tourism.
"Toilet rolls
- Fossil Fuel Industry
I now prefer to discuss topics in English instead of Czech
There's no way that's true
Wiki disagrees though: "The current English name comes from the Polish ethnonym associated with the area, which ultimately comes from the Czech word Čech
CZECH REPUBLIC: Hold my beer
Especially Russian legions) and Balkans hated Austrians so much, that they assasinated Franz Ferdinand
Sorry
Still, usually it's recommended to use probiotics if you take them longer than a week.
If even 1% Chinese gets infected I don't want to see the chaos
Also ban raffles
In Brittany I've felt it more through the various historical sites, but the society still seemed very French to me (the continuous hardline French centralization is probably the reason, the prosecution that the Bretons faced after the French revolution was quite severe).
"Yeah, nah"
Cursive, that is mandatory
I think his joke was that Russia is Trump's country.
The insect order is called *kudlanky* (would be *kudlanka* in singular) and the praying mantis is *kudlanka nábožná*.
It's not the Russian people the countries are enemies with, it's Kremlin
Looks like your team advanced to [Division 1] this year, so congratulations
I think Je taime moi non plus is pretty popular also
hedgehog = "kaktus pochodówy"
I would prefer to be called European over my nationality
I would say it's not uncommon that in every family, there is a person who once tried to make a family tree.
That's the point of eventually, we have all the time in the world to do it and by the time, EU just won't exist anymore
(and whole US eats our Kolace) but trust me, October now and Croatia basically stop existing since april/may when we will see in all newspapers articles like "we tried three most used roads to Croatia for you".
Czech Republic had 35 years old PM
Pije jako Dán (He drinks like a Dane) - Someone who is drinking too much alcohol and behaves inappropriately
See, thats the difference, most guns in the Czech Republic are registered (we have 800k legal vs some 500k illegal guns)
- Egypt
You mean Czechia
Remove all blocks or GTFO from the EU market.
Naaah, Russia does not have muscle to occupy Turkey
Czechia is fine, since it's a Latin word
Karma catches up with Brexit supporter MP
Your society seems to be much more conservative than ours.
And Lolek is apparently short for Karol
You mean the government considers that your permanent address
Like it's the symbol of Alsace in France and it's literally everywhere there.
The prime minister is trying to abuse it to sneakily pass laws to get him out of his conflict of interest allegations
Oh c'mon, Welsh is cheating
If I am posting a Boromir meme, am I infringing on someone's copyright
Thats the only way
Our president would cream himself.
Fun Fact: PEGI is advisory - this game SHOULD be played by ppl 18+, but anyone cam buy it
Well he said yesterday literally:"I will never resign, you shall remember it
Úhonice And Průhonice
> Japan also has this archetypical character in the samurai
Not all EU members are members of NATO.
In the next century, Premyslids partially wiped out, partially incorporated Slavnikids, their main competitors for the leaders of Bohemia role, so Prague became the capital
I know a lot of people that smoke it
No, Polish gastronomy is not exotic here
They were freaking everywhere
Thats all nice, except the fact that Gottwald pushed Beneš to the corner with threats of civil war and massive Soviet military intervention which would back the stalinized Communist party
Český Těšín (Czech) as opposed to Těšín (in Poland)
Need I continue, or will you get off your high horse and realise that the infrastructure in Amsterdam's centre sucks for anyone who isn't on two wheels
That might or might not be the best path forward especially  considering the difficulty he is gonna face passing any bill
mince (coin)
JUST IN: The State Department issued a security alert early Friday urging Americans in Iraq to leave the country immediately
I'm generally a fan and follower of space programs, it's only that I'm sceptical of the 'new space technology is also useful on earth' argument.
Yeah, I love this one
Data taken from
So many suspects
That includes attempted murders too, however
Their locations should be investigated to find the City of Atlantis /s
May as well enjoy the satire while it happens
I want a post office or a chance to use the receptionists as my post office
**Trump**: "People want their own identity, so if you ask me, others, I believe others will leave."
I scored best with like 98/100 points, which soon lead me to participate in language competitions
Obecná škola is probably my favorite czech comedy, I think it could translate pretty well.
I was always for EU, but in the past 2-3 years I have been more disappointed than ever
But you do have to admit that the drunk thug culture is overwhelmingly common among people in Britain
The port doesn't need to change, see RJ-45
I met few Serbians (though born after the war and in diaspora) running around with photos of Karadzic and Milosevics in their valet
On the more serious note - Czech is quite complicated (7 cases, you have to memorise rules for correctly writing i/y, other rules for writing capital letters,...) - I think that if people would know more how complicated Czech language is, they would be even happier with the fact that we are using way more easier English to get by
It is nutria
The EU is getting attacked from both sides it seems like.
Same in Czech, "budeš kopat kanály".
For me personally, I am in intense contact with Germans due to work (my boss is German, before the coronavirus I used to travel to Düsseldorf every month), also live in north west Bohemia, 10-15 km from German border so people around here go to Saxony often for shopping or hiking in the mountains
We have the same thing in czech - pán for men and paní for women
I want to punch Paul Ryan in his stupid face.
It's really from going to pull you out of problems
LOADS, from Hussite wars to Velvet Revolution, if you tell any person outside of Czech Republic about it you'll just get weird looks
We did count as Germans, but in 19
Other meals costs 90-120 CZK (3.3-4.3 €).
No, not really
No, the most advanced tank at this time (but not yet battle proven) is the Russian Armata tank.
Do you have something similar in southern Europe
Boi you don't have to blame the entire right wing
> Outside of your own
I believe his father, Jan Lucemburský (Johann von Luxemburg), was of the Luxembourg dynasty
I know that my sister had a talk with my mother about using tampons and basic protection and such, but I (a guy) never had either of the parents talk to me about it (and it wasn't really necessary)
And stroopwaffel
I do take being a part of my new country very seriously, not everyone is a big fan of that.
I get chills everytime he moves to Eastern front.
I thought rakija is from mix of fruits
Yeah, in the play they're used as slaves/cannon fodders that eventually revolt and kill all humans
We have a lot of things named after him there
It lasted two days before somebody did a terrible hate crime of
Dude I'm not saying that, I'm just saying that we should be prepared for a response if we move against Russia
Any idea why It's so troublesome to reach the bottom though
It can sometimes creaty funny misunderstandings if you don’t know what certain words mean
Because normally it's not very acceptable to stare at anyone, at least as far as I'm concerned.
I understand supermarket one or bus one as you have to wait till clerk or bus driver serve the customers in front of you but in a pub
Many good stuff, but the most important worldwide are: Contact lenses, modern-ish propeller (first one, that was better than paddle wheel), Silon, and others
Should be still there
Have you literally ever not seen a communist era car
But I think world still think we have a lot of common because we were in "one" country for a really short period of time.
In russian, it's Groznyj (=amazing), very similar to czech word Hrozný (=terrible)
funny how we are on par even in this...
If not, [there's a screenshot] at least
whose tiny brains are too impotent
Well I'd say that contemporary Paris has a different, slightly less appealing smell
Hypocrite
catholic WorldYouthDay had met up in Krakow, some traveled to Prague later as crusade mission
1st quest, steal yourself some Polonez
They aren't only historical
Cimrman did sculpture himself but later it was used by hat-maker (hatter) Lešner to iron shapes of the hats, which lead to destroying all the recognizable features of his bust sculpture so noone knows how he looked
Businessman Babiš also once said he won't do politic, no way, because he'd be really terrible at it
You need to get a new social circle.
/r/politicalhumor tier
German
I read about the investigation a lot, and I also wrote "no apparent reason", because no connection to xenophobic motives so far has been confirmed.
/s It has been the capital of Czechia and the largest city of the country for more than 1100 years
It's 6 degrees right now and I just started wearing an autumn/winter coat this week
I consider myself a Czech citizen but ethnically Greek
Through going to church getting seats in the Parliament
Criticism wasn't welcome - Yes-men were promoted and critics punished
Standardized mail-in or electronic voting for citizens living in other EU countries
The varieties are Golden Delicious, Granny Smith, Idared, Red Chief, Pinova, Red Prince, and then some just labeled as "red" and "organic apples, mix".
My understanding of Polish is not bad
Over time however, I picked up several hobbies where knowing Japanese would be very useful
Haha :DDDD in bagina XDD
This also extends generally to the HRE, even the old HRE cities outside of Germany are renamed
It's perfectly drinkable though and common to drink it.
One term that I can think of is the somewhat vulgar "prdel světa"
Used to be way more minor states here, but most got claim fabricated on by France, Austria or Ottomans.
Wow, some of those linked photos are really really nice.
But getting rid of the horrible Czech accent
I dont know where the robber ended up
I'd say my colleagues have double the national average but spend it all and have no real savings.
There is beer company in the town named Budweiser Budvar, that is really Czech
Nosit dříví do lesa (take wood into the forest) - do something that is completely unnecessary
Rakousko-Uhersko
Poppy - how is it seen in your country
It's not, sadly
Ah, OK, that wasn't so complicated after all
Seriously
Following the news, it was like watching the planet of apes.
Like almost everyone in [Europe]#Hindu.E2.80.93Arabic_numeral_system).
So the actual number of people who died is lower
The problem is, who decides whats European identity
Founded in 1348
\+150 Political Power
Sometimes I feel like the Czech word I want to describe something with is lacking in context whereas there is an English word that fits perfectly
But the best are [Prague mouflons]
Since it's such a heavy dish, it's more commonly eaten during and around the winter months
> just confusing naming on the nazis part i guess
[Moldau] is another well-known masterpiece
I think the idea is that being a Muslim means increased probability of an individual for being at war with an outgroup in some way, not a certainty.
Yeah, that's why I put it in inverted commas, just in case :D
As for Czechia, [it feels weird
There is pilgramage and other stuff
Pretty cool name imo
I'd say it's not rare, but not exceedingly common either
russia is treated the same as it was 30 years ago.
are you being assumptive that I imply something?
If it didn't have the support of people, it would crumble much sooner
1993 - onwards as the Czech republic
While the citizens of the big countries are afraid that they'd have to help the smaller countries, they so happen to be, mostly, the citizens of countries that received outside help in the form of the Marshall plan during their post-war reconstruction, something that most of the "smaller countries", which also so happen to mostly be from the ex-socialist bloc, had no actual possibility of using those funds for their own reconstruction at the time due to political reasons
Don't try to be moving goal-posts now, OP clearly stated the period "*KGB units were present during 1946-48*"
Orbán already said that he would block any attempts to sanction Poland and frankly, it would be quite ridiculous to sanction Poland and not Hungary, since the situation there is arguably even worse than in Poland.
Austria: Rakousko (after castle Ratgoz/Raabs that lied in that direction)
EDIT: To be more precise over here if the emphasis sounds like:
The written English grammar is also much simpler than the Czech one
German, French because those are the most useful
Also reign of Rudolph II
(blue and yellow IIRC)
[…]
Just as he said it some tourist touched it and smiled into the camera
Then kids stopped going out for easter, as it was pointless - now boys only visit their relatives
Age gap relationships with 15 year olds
For us I'd say it's still better to deal with misbehaving Hungary within the Union than with misbehaving Hungary outside of the Union.
Documentary about pedophiles on social sites was released
I don't live in Prague and I only look for new restaurants there every couple of months
Could you not invade slavs
If say, someone anywhere decided they liked your country's culture, wanted to learn the language and move there, how many years would it take for the government to fully adopt them?
Because it's the ultra left part of the European society that's pushing them to stop building settlements.
Czechia is pronounced as ["Che-ki-ea"] roughly
I have heard that when the regions of CZ were decided on,  Pardubice and Hradec were deliberately put into different ones
What also cannot be argued that the USSR helped secure the coup with their agents
We need counterbalance to Putin, Trump, Erdogan and possibly Le Pen.
And everybody say with me: "ZMRZLINA"!
Local human population counts more than 10 million
Happy anniversary
Mbabaram for "dog" is
(pre)resident of Czech republic - asshole who sends personal letters with best regards and best wishes every time communists and fascists have their yearly gatherings, he openly legitimizes their actions
Chechnya is pronounced as "Chech-ny-a".
I like my light not at 4 am
Milk is a blessed beverage
this one should be sainted or a capital renamed after him
I feel some royal blood in my veins, gonna rule over you peasant /s
(Kundera was devout communist at that time)
I guess Denmark, during summer they make up around 99 % of drunks on the streets of Prague, so they must be people of our culture
Britain bad
That's why I laugh every time people tell me it's important to have enough tax paid out to the retirement fund.
Not only Eastern Germany - Czechs have also many things in common with Bavaria - for example they have Baby Jesus (Christkind) as a Christmas person same as us and Austrians
Suomi - Finsko,
Germany is buying a lots of our products
Doesn't mean the ones here are, they are probably just preparing to launch new ones
> The only part I'm sure about is that it's purely Putin coz Yeltsin's administration supported Georgian territorial integrity
Stupid British and German tourists in Prague
I'd guess second name, because of Magdalen Dobromila Rittigová. I have feeling (not being a religious person myself) that for baptism you have to take one of the saints' name, and I haven't head of saint Dobromila
It used to cover entire countries back in the industrial age
this does not include white socks with sandals, Czechs
I have no understanding of Polish language
The downside might be the way how doctors treat you
Coincidentally, they both make content in English (though Plasmo used to make them in Czech)
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life
The tendency of using the final -j (or in this case the penultimate -j-) sounds like that to me, it looks and sounds similar to e.g. _k dědoj_. The closest we have is -ojc as in Novákojc, but this suffix with j is an exception
Then if you want you can write printed-like but nobody will teach you that
In the meantime, shore up the militaries and economies of Europe.
ODS is keen on imposing massive government austerity that will shit on those who need it most
He is blocking naming of secret service general, who often warns of Russian activities (president is Sino-Russian asslicker)
Even as someone who enjoyed literature, this was
Yeah that's right and in IPA it is: [ˈvojcɛx].
University of Technology in Brno (VUT) would like to have a word
The division of former Czechoslovakia in the Czech republic and Slovakia is striking in this case
I guess I would be dead or wounded since my country fought against France 4 years ago
Now the building looks very flat, all the detail just blends in
Also some occasional smaller tornado twice a year on the news.
It's on Jižní město
I hope that someday your country will confess its guilt in this expulsion.
They don’t. My first family gathering was my boyfriend’s family’s. My family is full of drama (caused mostly by my mother)
All the guy above said was "yes".
nah that is good one
I suppose it's down to consumer how they will react
He also shipped a witness in this case - his own son - to Crimea and then to Switzerland so the police wouldn't find him
Early Modern and Middle are doable
Money and influence are the main goals.
It's strange to me why so many people consider learning 'just' a trade to be a bad thing
Sadly, I think this is the only way to keep the language from dying out, which should not happen to such beautiful cultural heritage
Majority might be, but some really important stuff aren't.
And as you mentioned "zmij", we have zmije which is viper
Same here, which is, with Koruna in mind, about to be our downfall
It is a compound of two words "čtvrt" and "smršť". The first means "quarter" and the second means something like "whirlwind".
I see, it's a beer pipeline then.
There are few restaurants in Prague, but they are stupidly expensive and there are still many popular Japanese dishes we simply can't get here at all
It goes like: Fun is when friends are together, just like you and me
§62 says "Vital record accepts any existing name in its correct form". It is solely their decision whether the name is "existing" and "is in correct form", any digression from their opinion does cause long legal battle
...what exactly are they compensating for here
Well I definitely say _mý_ [miː].
People living in Prag
" haha
in the entire country
Such as our prime minister kidnapping his son who was involved with him stealing 2 million euro from the EU to Crimea so he couldn't testify against him
I would say people just dont care about that here
I haven't really seen them depicted as significantly gendered entities, like in kids' books they mostly had generic smiley faces or something like that
Now it's more like Russia vs everyone
Bus drivers here always leave the lights off unless we're nearing a bus stop
I just moved and my new bedroom gets so much more sunlight in the morning and I love it
No, it's just a hobby
Nice, almost perfect translation :D now try pronouncing it xd
Anti-semitism was also never a problem here
Everyone had job, because working was mandatory
Yeah
We have male and female surnames here
> Subway station
Yeah, depended on the creativity
I personally don't care, I like the smell and anything baked with cinnamon is top shit in my opinion, but a lot of people in Prague fucking hate trdelnik
But they would need Austrian Leberkäse
Is it the parliamentary resolution concerning Security from Feb 13, that started the constitutional crisis
> I always believed in you, Joe
I saw a ventilator once and the person was in induced coma so as not to fight the ventilator
Our country is also very small
* I really enjoyed the reading and story of the book, the movie is still a mystery for me because it's unavailable on the net
Czech is much more difficult than German
Also, there's that saying: "If you throw them out of door, they'll return through window
Yes, but this is usually connected to determining the correct form of adjective to be used with each noun
Don't underestimate the viking genes in that area.
I love fruit dumplings and other sweet main dishes, such a comfort food
I’m sorry for the horrible shoes some of us wear
Not in my country but in Andorra at any petrol station.
The 24th December is called Štědrý den/večer "generous day/evening", so what you would call Christmas Day/Eve
That's historically where the wealthiest industrialists or movie stars of Czechia used to live (many still do)
Given the financial shitstorm that is being rained on Britain, I think there is a good chance noone will follow any time soon.
I think there is one general European stereotype: All people living eastwards from me are in some way barbaric, insidious, retarded or inferior and suspicious.
The point is, the porn is often humiliating itself (often by design)
Here are some links, you should check out: [Crown Jewels] [i don't even know] [a videogame based on his interview]
Didn't the chinese have something similiar before us
- various ancient civilisations in Anatolia (Phrygia, the Hittites, Lydia)
Yes, I walked to school without parents from 4th grade of elementary school, I would say it is normal here
North Korea picks a fight and starts losing badly, it looks like it'll stop being a buffer state for China (by being absorbed into the West-aligned South Korea)
Expressing myself in czech can feel too intimate to me for some reason
Truly just cultural enrichment
You can change a time
I'm planning to visit in a few weeks
On other issues it has always been left-wing.
Wait americans wear pyjamas in public on a plane?
depends on what region
Iceland - Island in Czech
Because most people believe that it should be up to them to decide what their name will be
Ah, Pigeon Travolta
No, they usually give it to someone who is home or take it back because nobody was there (only for example my parents living in small village and personally knowing the postwoman let her to leave smaller packages on our terrace - it was never stolen and you don't really see there from the road anyway)
So maybe it has to do something with that
” Czech president Miloš Zeman
Satirising, the meaning is
a - but without the serif, it's basically a flipped 6
Neither am I proud of it, nor ashamed, it was just for comedy purposes
We have a Camembert-style cheese called Hermelín, which is also the name for ermine fur
I'd say that the First Republic is far more often used as the "goold old days".
3000 people is laughably little, especially for such a huge country.
well yes, but it is unintended, as far as I know they are from Jablonec.
Better explanation for both to be found on wikipedia, I just don’t see the coma thing
Yes, Prague is really big, but it's a "small town" compared to let's say Paris
The US has a lot more immigrants and religion.
Czech Republic is second
Yes, i/y has a different function but only in the orthography
40 or less becomes 199)
calm down he is just copy pasting, do not take it seriously
God bless him
Only then we can finally introduce laws that benefit everyone as a whole.
The way you phrase your comment suggests that you might potentially disapprove that - if so, why?
I see, do you have any particular pronouns in mind
And we definitely aren't romantically involved with each other
Time to call things with their actual names.
Not even having a derogatory nickname
so now the whole European scientific community is represented by European Space Agency and the ECMWF?
someone who's never been to Ukraine, Belarus or Russia.
cz thing looks like it's based on OpenStreetMap
I'm a huge fanboy of [Jan Santini-Eichel] an ingenious architect living at the turn of the 17th and 18th centuries
The more populous Czechs however got the communists elected into power.
We don't like being considered Western European either or yes, we are impressed when somebody calls us Western European but it's not that we would actually feel a part of it
As our "tatíček(daddy)" Masaryk 1st Czechoslovakian president said
so shall we follow things like this:
We need stronger legal safeguards to ensure that people actually stay where they are supposed to stay.
I like to start by growing my own power base by conquering the small Muslim states around Georgia and then swearing fealty to the byzantines, which gives you protection and allows you to even become emperor yourself since when you join you're suddenly the most powerful person in the realm besides the emperor himself
Better dead than red
Our Social democrats are not as liberal and modern as one would think.
If a nice place here have a feeling you need to be guided around they will have some staff around to catch you and not some post office like sign "make a queue here"
and only then maybe as European to a small degree
We can still analyze music consumption a bit further though
This is only start and we will see how specific countries will be able to defend themselves
For example Japan ppl don't like nuke bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima, but from our prespective US stopped Axis forces so it was right decision=difference of perspectives in the historic events
oh wait
(Or, given the description of the thing the guy was a head of, maybe also a bit like spies enjoying some ancient religious buildings in the area
I love Renaissance and Baroque art and Flemish painting.
The last sentence explains why people like you always lose in elections
Coming from Moravia eh
I can barely read the Czech news anymore, because not a day goes by without a journalist trying to inform me about the newest development / touching life story / ISIS atrocities.
(the same guy do also dubbing of Arnold Schwarzenegger but no, they are no "I'll be back" in documentaries, what a waste of meme)
Thanks Romania, Albania and (Yugoslavia) for refusing to take part in the invasion of Czechoslovakia by the Warsaw Pact troops in 1968
Also, we had heated argument in Italian
It is a specific city I guess, even different to other Czech cities in many ways
> A majolka - a decorated wine jug
Not a native speaker, but still:
An italian friend of mine said this to me but refused to tell me what it means
They are not more or less comercial than all the other major football clubs.
I don't even have a driver's license
He was born to a German speaking family in a predominantly German area
And you won the first Eurovision
I'm surprised especially about the Asians
In spoken language though, people often get lost in a formulation and help themselves with adding *-va-* so hearing *chodívávávával* is not uncommon even though it does sound odd.
I studied in Oulu too, you'll not be disappointed
Not only that they were a Bohemian Crown Land up until the war of War of the Austrian Succession, but Bohemian and Silesian nobles were historically on good terms and Silesians were present in the Bohemian kingdom relatively abundantly, in slightly lesser amounts than Germans according to estimates
I'm not sure where you got those name translations, but they seem pretty incorrect
Chicken is probably the most bland meat
Man, what's up with that country?
Every year there's a small festival celebrating this story
In Czechia we have just given name + surname most of the time
I think it was issued monthly, only in black and white print, but I have no idea how or to whom it was distributed.
1993 - onwards as the Czech republic
I personally don't know many people who know about it, but some places I discover through the word of mouth, some are hinted at on the internet
So the sun is "it" and moon is "He"
Don't know whether it's a cultural or generational gap, but my parents never called me otherwise than by name
It dropped after WWI, because the state was strictly secular and preferred weaker Church.
- billion = miliarda
Martin Scorsese's last movie, Silence, is about the spread of christianity to Japan for instance.
Jesus had no concept of global corporations, but if you brought him to our time using a time machine and explained to him what they are, I'm pretty sure he'd bust out his trusty whip and go to town
We have a theatre named after the guy in town, lol
^[source
Beautiful landscape and mountains sadly destroyed by mining, industry and pollution
London or Moscow
Some  of  the  opponents  of  the  US  Constitution  insisted  that  it  would never work;  that  a  republican  form of government spanning a  land  with  'such  dissimilar climates,  economies,  morals,  politics,  and peoples,'  as  Governor  George  Clinton of New York  said,  was  impossible;  that  such  a  government  and  such  a  Constitution,  as  Patrick  Henry of Virginia declared,  'contradicts  all  the  experience  of the  world'.
Sometimes governments just need to do what has to be done in order to secure the future of their country
&#x200B;
We can pack up and move west
They do pretty good job even though they are public service (payed by television licence fees)
Sometimes but more often I can’t tell if the laguage I’m reading or hearing is English, Czech or Slovak unless I really focus on the language
They will never be able to see it
I feel incredibly bad for them.
He also said pussy in an interview
Still, I wish more time was given to alert some of these people so they do not get stuck at airports.
non-social democrats should be shunned
It's a thing in pretty much every country where people are allowed to protest
It can also stimulate domestic demand in the times of a crisis.
The thing is that if the people in the country actually don't want that, then there's nothing to be worried about.
don't..?
Both equally shit
If you tried to implement this here, you would get bunch of smartasses sitting on their ass with a beer commenting online why this is a stupid idea
I'm The type of person who likes it colder so around 20C is comfy for me
Talking about Starbucks I bought few across countries
back in my day simple beating with your head to the ground was enough to get high
I still wanna know who killed Václav III
We don't usually serve them with breadcrumbs, although some people do
I think most countries experienced changes of leading party in goverment during the last 10 years.
Rabid dog needs to be isolated, if it cannot be put down.
I swear every other country is at least a bit similar, but not Germany for some reason
He is blocking naming of secret service general, who often warns of Russian activities (president is Sino-Russian asslicker)
In the post-2008 crisis our then finance minister went full austerity on the public infrastructure projects, now when the economy is doing better, we're having the other extreme, when it feels like the entire country is under reconstruction and you cannot literally go anywhere by car without having constant roadwork driving you crazy.
For example I was unaware of this until literaly now.
Stories about two neighbors/friends, who always try to solve some easy task with tinkering
If you'd tell this to someone 70 years ago, they would laugh at you
Many just add them along side their own apps.
It was all protest vote against establishment and class division (as the lady said herself) and I can see why.
trillion = bilion
**Ústí nad Labem:** poor, polluted, lots of gypsies, port
Even worse, the US tech companies are so big nowadays that they can easily gobble up startups and emerging competitors in Europe (and usually ruin them after looting their tech)
The Communists, through their incredibly unpopular campaign in 1947 to enact collectivization, completely alienated the farmers in the country
They behave in this manner in Russia itself.
I feel you
The term old building has quite a different meaning in Europe
The word also accidentally resembles our word *čekej* ("Wait
Padesáttři or třiapadesát.
and and it's terribly sweet
Employees in warehouses and industry will have different day schedule than office workers or students
Almost never, sometimes close relatives kiss themselves on the cheeks when welcoming or saying good buy (just the opposite sex though).
Every time someone mentions the Czech Republic, you can see someone else commenting "I heard they're called Czechia now". The fact is nothing was changed, only a short name was officially codified  and added into the UN list of country names
Or if a few of his trusted men suddenly started receiving huge bribes for going against their leader.
You can go only a few hundred meters away to some side street and find lunch that is 4 times cheaper, etc
Titles are always in their original language
Some have occurred in this very thread :)
I mean your expectation of Czechs not understanding it wasn't exactly unfounded - we have jokes about how is Hungarian language completely uncomprehensible compared to basically any other language :D
TIL I should move to Faroe Islands
Usually, there are lots of concerts in the centre of Prague, processions, exhibitions, all in streets where normally cars ride
I'm an atheist if we are talking about the very act of believing in a deity.
That's my experience as well
Also similar to western Romania, in that there is a reasonably sized Czech minority still living there
It would be fine if it was only  about money, but with countries like these it is often about influence
Czech battleship commanded by the president Zeman
I will preface this with the fact that I hate creating multiple-tiered reply-arguments, but you set me up for this one and I feel like I should respond
I guess the joke is on them, though
What does one use in Polish then
They killed over 150 people and occupied Czechoslovakia for 21 years
I was merely reacting to your original statement which amazingly contradicts itself ('overcrowded' and 'village')
People sometimes say Bohemia, but they mean Czechia (sad Moravia and Silesia)
Disability card
It's quite common that celebrities sue tabloids for reputation damages.
I went back to prepaid because I don't use my phone much these days and it surprised me they offer a service where if you run out of prepaid, you can just call some system number, they'll add some emergency amount to your credit (enough for 5-10 calls) and it just gets deducted the next time you purchase credit plus some tiny fee for the service.
The shape is also fucked
She said that Operation Barbarossa started 22nd May
Poděbrady is right, good job, the other one is very close to Pdy but more to the north
We also had euro qualifier against Kosovo last year and both away and at home we had regular people cheer that kosovo is serbia
Because of communist censorship, quite a lot of music from west was unavailable and got into czechoslovakia through smuggling and with long delay
this is one episode which was referenced in the original post:
It's not like USA and Europe are getting apart, but it's more reaction on the current geopolitical changes.
People say it has something to do with the Austro-Hungarian emperor Franz Joseph being an early bird, so people wanted to imitate him and they've kinda stuck with it since
There is no formal legal procedure for that.
All countries have their problems, the grass always seems greener on the other side.
Depends on what you consider long hair it ranges from very common to not as common
holy crap here comes **Captain Czech**!
Far away from 1,1-1,2 during transformation.
The "problem" is that 6 USD for one beer is somewhat normal for tourists from Scandinavia, USA etc
Set of nazi laws establishing the famous racial profiling in the Third German Empire
Don't tell me that the purpose of German language is to fit all available knowledge of the mankind into one single word.
But the reigns for Charles IV and Přemysl Otakar II
I don't think there is a big difference.
We use QWERTZ (I swear I read some piece about the elf Qwert Zuiop living around the keyboard but I can't find it anywhere, perhaps it was something for typing lessons in highschool) with +ěščřžýáíé on the 1-0 buttons, some other symbols including German umlaut are in the right part
The only thing he succeeded in was to allow Bolshevism to be expanded in Europe
So often, the words have same consonants but sometimes different vowels
I befriended many Japanese, Koreans, Chinese, Americans or other Europeans, but no Germans
"I lived in Poland, land of my birth, just as my forefathers and the parents of their parents.
Yeah, poor phrasing on my part
I learned pretty young, probably around 5 y/o, with support wheels
Probably deportation of 2mil Germans because of "bad man with moustache", apart from that I can't really think of anything
every time I see a person peeling a banana not from the stem I see that image of a child trying to fit rectangle shaped piece into round shaped hole
Or do you think (as a Greek) that your countrymen would not mind other countries of the eurozone telling them what to do in exchange for debt relief?
I didn't know that
Also I wish I'll visit Ukraine one day, met many nice people from there here in Czechia
You seem to be in need [of a dictionary
The only way I can tell I'm in Germany is disappearing of speed limit on my navigation
This thread seems brigaded
Like seriously
Incredibly happy to see Krteček here.
Not OP, but I dislike [how it sounds]
But Iam still for lootboxes
That’s a czech tongue twister, where “Ř” is a letter in czech alphabet that no foreigner can ever pronounce
Sometimes a person can say a few words in one and it takes you a few moments to realise they're not speaking the other
In my opinion, implementing a universal healthcare system is the best thing they can do
What would be needed to happen is National Revival
Wait, no, the Phoney War was the last nail
Good points
Which imo is a bit troubling in an engineering uni
Usually more formal meeting, or meeting of two families, meeting for the first time
You most likely meet people with guns every day and just dont realize it
I could go to slovakia, pick up first person i meet and have endless coversation in which I would understand 99,9% of words
no, because football not the sport number one by the audience, not even second
It faded away, but it's back again now, as prime minister was one of 'em and he's a great example of those fucking rats
He'd buy Trump merch, if there was any (is there?).
(Btw
You have nothing to apologize for
In the spirit of Hans Rosling, here's a great visualization of immigration data in his style:
I hope they said "no homo".
we have same thing, usually these two weeks when there is a final exam for oldest ones
Czechs: Yeah, we can speak slovakian
And we are **sorta** ^(see the various emphasis in the quotation) back to the square one:
Don't know much Polish music/pop culture/art.
*Kudlanka* apparently traces its etymology to the word *kudla*, which means **jackknife** in reference to the shape of the front legs
Edit: also, the foreigner thing leads to the second most common surname being Nguyen because it has only one form
The best location have Benelux countries, between Germany, France and the UK + access to the sea.
I'd only wish that more people actually went to vote, since that could have prevented all this from happening.
After some talks lady came and covered for us lel
And i cant understand the ones that aren't
We are them
students use it as yet another opportunity to get hammered.
Listening to Austrian radio was illegal, but lots of people still did it because it had music in English
My elementary school had them (since the last year I went there lol), my high school didn’t even have a big enough cloak room (1,5 x 2,5 meters max for 30+ people), and my uni doesn’t even have anything (no cloak room or lockers)
Well the museum is closed for something like 8 years now
Long story short, the were sentenced for aiding a terror organization and now they're in a process of appealing the decision
Like when I hear it, I can recognize it
Thanks, I'll fix it
They are angry the refugees aren't complying with their impossible ideas.
This is such a ridiculous video.
That's cool
Calling our country "Eastern European". It's central European
Yeah, that doesn't surprise me.
Probably time to vamos a la playa
According to Wikipedia we killed 15,000 Germans after WW2.
So they look at something at least marginally interesting, aka
Germany has huge surpluses yet refuses to invest money, preferring sitting on a bag
There is an archaeological site if Mušov, a Roman fort from Marcomanic wars, in Southern Moravia
Also maybe Ateliéry Bonton Zlín, but those don't exist anymore
cz] \- some sort of czech google
Especially not Poland, which was attacked by USSR just 19 years ago
I don't know if there's a direct translation, to be honest I don't even know how I would  say "entitled" in the sense of a personal charasteristics in Czech
this would be considered here probably as speaking to myself and people will look weird :) the default bus for Prague is over 18 meters long and there is no way driver could hear it, especially when exiting through last door
sim card (which I have no clue where it is) with some tariff (I don't use and have it redirected to my personal number)  + some (midrange) Android phone for these interested
For as (arguably) tolerant we are towards homosexual issues, we are very slow on policymaking in the area.
Sometimes but more often I can’t tell if the laguage I’m reading or hearing is English, Czech or Slovak unless I really focus on the language
Edit: Apparently seeking information is offense
USA with allies combined presents a huge technological powerhouse, which would be hard to beat.
Here people call the mobile number "GSM" as well:
If you're self employed you either pay the minimum amount of your income is lower than some threshold or based on your income if it's more (the minimum is slightly bigger than for the unemployed, around 100€)
I never really had to buy any alcohol when I was a minor because if I went to a party/celebration and there were drinks, there was always someone older who was legal age or they looked 18 so I don't really have an exprerience with that
Point is, in post-war Eastern Bloc, there was a metric ton of shitty, cheap beater cars, including interwar cars like the Praga Piccolo and other affordable 1st Republic cars, a lot of these cars' top speeds were rarely above like 70 km/h and that is in _pristine service_ condition
Oh well
The way this has played out is pretty humiliating for the americans and devastating for the people living in the midst of the war
Oh, you mean tracking based on female ancestry.
Pilsen not mentioned
But I can do like 6 beers an evening at the pub and that is still on the low side for czechs
I don't know where to even begin
It was response to paneuropean law banning extended ammunition clips and other stuff, that has no reason to be owned by civilians
It is rather embarassing
I can thing of two things that Czech people are somewhat sensitive about
It is also a rather nice and livable student city
Beautiful landscape and mountains sadly destroyed by mining, industry and pollution
I know it doesn't exactly answer your question, but we got married pretty young, so we didn't have any of that "settle down" pressure on us, but now that we are married people are expecting we will reproduce and that kinda pisses me off because it's not their business
Thanks Germany for our enonomical growth
And according to social survey every fifth czech wants dissolve EU.
Only better than Albania and Montenegro
Female: Victoria, Lara
I hope you are aware that almost nobody read that.
I started english at 7 in 2nd grade
And my cousin owns a tattoo salon
You will hardly see anyone over 20 drinking it and it is not so disgusting as it sounds.
If you know what to look for, you can spot the dominant facial/body features
I dont know about a single person from the past we'd hate, but maybe the Habsburgs
It's 1950s technology, after all.
Other than that I think we get along well, we have lots of German tourists here, never heard anyone say anything bad about Germans in real life
Demonstrations took place in Brno, Liberec and Prague
While there are a few things we can take away from Europe, I do think some of the things you mention are all stereotypes, something people say that haven't been to the US.
Here are some of my favorite Czech songs
So czechs haven't been able to create a stereotype about latin americans
The small numbers of good gypsies only confirm that majority are thieves and leeches with shitton of kids
This is actually very tricky formulation
The babies are back up again, they were taken down for a bit for maintenance work or something like that
Did anyone said Beer
and Cáchy in Czech ['tsa:xi]
I'm old enough to remember news
Poland or USA (Poland because of proximity, USA because of its general influence on world history)
hehe, where to begin, most popular would be: Pilsner Urquell, Staropramen, Velkopopovický Kozel, Budweiser-Budvar, Svijany, Radegast
Quite a lot of Austrians, especially from around Vienna, have got Czech surnames because a lot of Czechs moved there for work in the Habsburg times (as well as other nations from all of the monarchy)
And most gun control proponents would like to ban at least something, which is not what most gun owners would accept
Some buildings have numeration starting from 0 (sometimes called 0, sometimes P as *přízemí* or literally "earthfloor"), some from 1
However I didn't see anyone dispute that
SpaceX is significantly cheaper even without reusability.
That party's going to suck
People just accept the explanation that the German-speaking inhabitants betrayed us and supported Hitler and it’s actually not true.
But they're probably a lot more educated and open-minded than the "average" Russians and Ukrainians.
Even after seeing the truth
Even though we had fuck all to do with it
Massive fiasco on the side of the US
Bastards
They portray EU as some empire taking their liberties so they want to create something like "national resistance".
It's also percieved as mildly offensive here and often connected with Nazism and the way they called us during the Protectorate era, ["Rest-Tschechei"] (after they conquered the borderlands)
That day from early morning they go berserk on the rest of the school and wreak havoc
Basically every big city has a university
That would be Charles University
I'd say right now, there is quite a big variation amont the parliamentary parties
* I didn't do _n o t h i n g_ — The concord breaks; you're a cheeky bastard
"I just wonder, where did the comrades from GDR make mistake
* Phone: one of the stock Android dark backgrounds
I have seen even some czech people make similar mistakes
You're assuming that the rest of the world cares enough to differentiate between varying definitions or sub-factions of the alt-right.
For the average consumer, not so much
Hell, I wouldnt mind if we joined together again
cibulka
are you really using tucet in daily life?
" Máš doma černý?
Suomhihihi
50 000 má Jihlava, medium je pro mě třeba Rakovník, nebo Nymburk (15 k)
Little has changed since the 14th century
You can tell which car is driving and which is parked
I just provided definition
Being Silesian meant something entirely different 1000 years ago than 250 years ago
Vltava by Bedřich Smetana
Fishing is fairly common, although mostly amongst the older generation nowadays.
What we see as madness is the way your politicians are trying to prevent gun related deaths using all the wrong tools
I just spent some time reading some bullshit (will be 40 in a half of year)
It gets especially bad when I am talking about an area that I almost exclusively encounter online in English
So if I only put the Hungarian word for tuna on the can I'm golden?
As long as they were operated from USA, it was underground and dangerous
It's not exactly unpopular, World championships are often on the national sport TV, there is actually a dedicated rugby field 500m from my house, but it is not a mainstream sport and we cannot compete even on the European level.
We use Czech names for plenty of places in Germany, Austria, or Poland such as Cáchy/Aachen, Lipsko/Leibnitz, Linec/Linz, Štýrský Hradec/Gratz, Vratislav/Wrocław, Štětín/Szczecin...
No, there are 5 links to 5 different maps :)
Well you mention several countries in the Eastern Europe which have some of these problems (too strong nationalism, illberal tendencies, pro-Russian attitudes), but they do not necessarily have all these problems at once.
Trůn and Kam i král/císař musí pěšky (Where even the king/emperor has to go on foot)
I know nothing about this topic tbh, but this article came out on 1st april soo
Why apologise
So how did you choose the words
around 10°C as long as the wind isn't too bad
Mákový řez is delicious
) reign was also good
, podle českého číslování - myšlen je poslední král (bez korunovace a z podstaty závislosti koruny na císařském titulu) Karel Habsburský (1916-1918)
It's much easier to have kids if you can afford a private bedroom for each kid.
Over here, I inherit my grandma's house with no cost whatsoever.
Which countries does Russia border?
Outside of having the best beer in the world, we are also the haviest beer drinkers in the world by far.
The contribution/help from the company wasn't reported to the officials and the leave campaign outright denied it.
Czechia, in Czech it would be basically Čechia which is female
How is that related to the abuse of women and young girls in Turkey?
Fuck nazis but like fuck stalin too
Danish beer isn't bad at all
But could be elected for another 2 terms after 1 term  pause
Even after the tradition of dowry (věno) was abandoned, young women were still expected to prepaire výbava in years before marriage.
Never heard of this, lol
It is nonsense
debunk the myth of how the recent wave of refugees is helpful to the economy?
Eh, I don't agree 100%, but as I said, I am open to being wrong and in this case I guess I was wrong.
It's 9+4 years of having history lessons, both world history and national
It’ll give access to the sea and that’s good enough reason to me
Especially when they have "A" as a second letter on their license plate :)
Had been drinking hard night before, went to bed around 5, woke up at 7 to get to work, still drunk obviously
Pelíšky, vole
You need fast rifle rounds for that
I would like to see this spoken person trying to escape from the scene
Parona IT
We learn about hungary as a whole not about specific upper hungary history
2000 million liters a year total
I live with my girlfriend and our 4 month old son, we almost exclusively cook at home, so we only spend about 120€/month
Similar thing in Czech Republic
> Logan's run
You are right "jídelna" is more similar to polish "bar mlieczny" at least from my experience
You mean the one that began when Romemus killed his brother Reeeeeeeemus?
I noticed the same trend in the Czech Republic
Compare the Czech words [šel \(shel\)] and [čel \(chel\)] Granted the "sh" is not the same as "tj" but it's closer to it than "ch".
Our MPs do that all the time
wtf
Was it
Thanks Babiš!
That being sad, it usually doesn’t really have negative connotations
Europeans, what do you think of the UK at the moment?
Or Russia
* Londýn
>There is toilet roll everywhere
Like I really would like to read it
And that is basically it
Meal vouchers
What the fuck is wrong with hipsters?
[Of course
I bet they didn't even use their blinker to indicate they're turning downwards
On one hand it is not in Europe, on the other one, it is in the EU :P
burany
Police in Poland are just protecting the LGBT flag from defacing
Prague was the capital of the Holy Roman Empire, Europe's largest and most powerful medieval empire
That's what we are going to experience
I lived near Dresdner Straße during my Erasmus year in Vienna.
The beer is 0,5l and the water probably 1l if not 1,5l though
Absolutely
While in english: "F" is for friends who do stuff together, "U" is for you and me
Well, he claims to be a huge patriot, protector of traditional values and he's very anti-imigration, but at the same time he wasn't even born here
Does [tvrz/fortified house] count (this one lost the tower)
The best president the United States have ever had.
Don't tell others what they should or shouldn't do
When I was in New York I was expecting a dingy rugged rattling metro and that's exactly what I got
You need to escape the number like this: `\7
We had saying: "If everything belongs to everyone, then nobody has anything
Other Slavs are able to master the pronunciation, for example my mum had a coworker from the Ukraine and he learned Czech in couple of months and now when he speaks you wouldn't know he isn't Czech
I never blindly trust any of them.
Might be weird but I actually like it
hey, thanks
The Osloite's depiction is really detailed one, they have to be really arrogant.
Yes, the people doing the test ignored all guidelines making the reactor explode.
Is it because Slovenia is the most developed country from the Eastern Bloc, but a lot of people still thinks it is a "shithole"? It is the similar to Borat, where every "Kazakh" character actually speaks in different language, but average American viewers cannot tell the difference, because to them it is some "third-world language".
Czechs reject the label of Eastern Europe because they also like to feel superior to everyone to the East of them, so it's like a slur to them
For instance, Merkel can read english, russian and she even understands czech.
Various German states (mostly Bavaria and Saxony; because of HRE, neighbouring countries)
Though that might be because I grew up only in a few Krajs and it may be different in Morava and Slezko
Now I need blueberry ones :(
Tbh our official short name should literally just be the flag emoji
It's probably important event in Slovakia, but it had no effect in the Czech part.
Germans apparently really love Helmut's Coal
Actually, yes, but only for one school year
I know that in Alvin and the Chipmunks series, the girls there have British accents, as opposed to the rest of the cast, which is American
I'd wait with this until the new community mod(s) are elected - then it's safe to say there will be some changes, as to my understanding the new person/people will act as a channel between the community and the modteam.
Pistol comes from píšťala, which is what Hussites called their early guns
We don’t expect visitors to speak Czech
Whether or not you have a degree doesn't matter a lot, that's something important only for you
I have a classmate who moved from Russia to Czech Republic, his name is Vitaliy, why the hell would you put "iy" at the end of the name
I was not aware of this aspect.
One term that I can think of is the somewhat vulgar "prdel světa"
Yea, that is a pretty weird association
Even if it was true, they had no way to help
Belarus has immense strategic value as a buffer state between Russia and NATO
I tried to google the origin of the name, but didnt really find anything, but I assume it's after 'praotec (grandfader basically) čech'. He's the legendary founder of our lands basically
Guláš
In some areas, the V4 is more pro-federalisation than the others.
It is necessary to admit, that even Soviet leaders preferred avoiding it
Mmmm, kobliha
To je pravda, i jako monarchista musím uznat, že se Slováci neměli nejlépe
Contrary to popular sentiments like "all non-STEM degrees are useless, enjoy flipping burgers lol", unemployment and poverty rates of people with secondary and vocational education are still much higher than anyone with a degree
> First of all,do you believe that this actually exists and do you believe also that it is possible in the future that this common identity could be the basis of a hypothetical "European state/federation" ?
Also there is an app where restaurants, bakeries etc
Is it possible to download the data file as "raw data", ideally in SPSS file format?
Vy al spýk of čendžink d juropijen junyjon, d čenš d juropijen junyjon vy mast vyn
It makes construction and renovation very difficult cause you have to consult with a "bureau of conservating 12th century cobblestone imprints under 12 degree sunlight" kind of regulations when you want to paint your bathroom
From my experience it's rather true
As for someone from the Czech Republic the most pleasant sounding language is Slovak
Depending on location
We won't get off the group stage anyway
Also it is not like whole Czechia is more german, Bohemia (with Prague) is more Germanic, but still Moravia is closer to other Slavic countries
It means four-leaf clover
But it looks completely different in reality
And I would like to be insulted from prince Philip :)
I heard they wanted to use Serbian Nigger instead of White City in the original version, but they were like naaaah
Host - guest in czech
Be more proud of our country
distant
As many things, it wasn't offically mandatory and you could refuse if you wanted but there was always this phantom of possible retributions for your refusal so people who didn't care much and didn't want to be bothered just signed it
For historical examples of that sort of thing, see the Korean War and the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia
Gaius Julius Caesar after reading this: *Mē pudet, fīlī*
I think we're just superior
It's not gonna happen, obviously, but I agree that it would likely be popular.
(We weren't, for what it's worth
However, I don't remember a single recent (honestly, I don't remember any ever, but I suppose there ought to be some) shooting in the US that was "resolved" by a civilian use of a firearm.
Guanciale is either expensive or unavailable in the USA, but it doesn't seem like it should be expensive
I’ve seen surprised people, who seen this for the first time, and they thought it’s like eating opium
I have been to many of those places, but concerning that particular claustrophobic old water system where the woman disappeared, there is no way I'm going in
Actually making progress towards switching fully to renewable energy (like Austria, Sweden, etc
> The telephone (screw you Bell, it was our guy alright)
Found a few recipes online, but they all mention that it's a Slovak dish
Russia
Czechia also has 392 years of common history with Austria, for example; if my memory is correct then modern-day Slovakia also has 700-900 common years with Hungary
I've heard recently that Russian is becoming more popular lately (still miles from German though).
At 16, group of best English students got an offer to take CAE with a discount paid for my the school
Minimum wage have truly minimum workers here.
Obama
Both of them
A* defenestration
eu] makes it more palatable
Czech folklore has a combination of Slavic and Germanic beings, possibly even some early Celtic influences (especially with the vodník and how it sometimes appears as a horse)
...you know I go on reddit to ESCAPE depression right
It's kind of funny/sad people are so surprised/celebrating the fact a high politician behaves like a normal person
If I had to move then I would probably pick Slovakia or Austria, because I'm already familiar with the countries and I think I could fit in relatively easily.
Voting right is for better future, voting left is for better life now.
So that's nice
Source: Wikipedia
Well one of them is moving
Another one is that we have been a part of many, many, many countries over the span of our existence and we like to show off that we are on our own now
3) People call it a gateway drug
Awesome language and I could use a different setting
They do a lot of works around house and parents dont pay them minimum wage
He is true
I can easily believe it, but I have never been to Portugal, so I've omitted it entirely
The trust also led to many deaths but its kinda complicated thats why I mentioned it
The first means thousand three hundred twenty six
Once a week, that is on Saturday, men and women take a bath together, and what appears to me eyes as a matter of utmost indecency and savagery, they are not bashful to reveal their nudity in the presence of all walking with their private parts clearly on public display
Same here in Prague
I like them, because I live in a dry region of Czech Republic (South Moravia) and we don't get a lot of rain or water here, in summer most of our streams go dry and our crops die because of the dry summers
I would say that Czech and Slovak language a re great answer to this question
*gold
>the option to buy one pizza slice instead of an entire pizza, as in Denmark and - I imagine - many, many other places
Nokia
You can ask your mum to practice a bit with you
I remember that when I was learning German in school I refused to call phone "Handy" because it sounds ridiculous
It's a famous story in the Czech Republic although it's presented as a heroic decision:
I hate it too
A lot of the questions also were very america-centric so it was hard to answer them properly.
Yeah that eastern European Union hurts me as a Czech
Czech republic has repeatedly voted in favor of Israel in the UN on several topics (for example we voted against upgrading the status of Palestine to a non-member observer state)
Welcome to the club ! We meet on Monday to plot against the RF
In theory, helmets should improve your safety
Nowhere
Shooting yourself in the head is better than UK Top Gear after Clarkson left.
Not a full rent though, it would be weird
But since they are child stories, these things in them are said in such manner that I don't think it disturbs children, only parents who think about it as adults, I certainly didn't find anything weird about girls cuting off toes and heels to fit in shoe as a child, because I didn't think about it more than "it's just magical story".
He also shipped a witness in this case - his own son - to Crimea and then to Switzerland so the police wouldn't find him
The rule here is that you can and might have to use stronger force than the attack to stop it
My dad is Turkish and whenever we visit Istanbul he immediately starts talking in Turkish so that we don't get ripped off
I was unironically a hardcore edgy libertarian in my teens/early 20s, so I voted for our small and irrelevant libertarian party once or twice with great enthusiasm
Mmmm, kobliha
Everybody is spying on everybody.
That's why I try to know how much I got on my bank account at all times.
Maybe only if have their own eggs, but that's all
Sorry
* PC: stock XFCE blue pattern
Most of the talent shows I had in mind were from the uk, but most of the reality and game shows are from that company.
I hope it goes through and we can keep our handguns despite what Brussels has to say about it.
Gotta hand it to you, if there are two things you are really good at, it's comedy and heavy metal.
few beers, 5 breads
Just change _tube_ to _pak_ in an youtube URL.
It's famous here thanks to Němcová's novel Babička
I'd guess second name, because of Magdalen Dobromila Rittigová. I have feeling (not being a religious person myself) that for baptism you have to take one of the saints' name, and I haven't head of saint Dobromila
One local Czech politician - Pavel Novotný - was invited into a major Russian TV with major Russian figures present
] On the other hand if you'd like to have a lavish lifestyle you can have all 42 letters of [Czech Alphabet] including the luxurious *ě š ř ž ý á í ů*!
We were winning against against motherfucking Crusaders with just farmers, some nazi punks are nothin'! /s
Should it then be euro countries who move forward while non-euro countries stay behind?
There are vipers but they have not killed anyone in decades, they have a comparatively mild venom
Maybe pivo doesn't mean "drinkable thing" today, but it did maybe several hundreds years ago
Oh yeah, I thought it was a person
On one hand it is not in Europe, on the other one, it is in the EU :P
It was your own policy to do anything to stop it and that's why you started police the world.
You can't seriously expect to solve a complex issue with a simple solution
The number of Roma with university degree is growing here.
Going down this path, it has to be the whole world.
Anything that's not a truc
Where at
Ah yes, the reverse Czechs
If you want to  have a natural look, it'd be Check
and why do you call them grilled cheese when they are not grilled cheese
Someone above you said something different
Most of the people who were in the party 10 years ago are still there, and they're greedy fucks that don't give a crap about social mobility or the environment
Stop calling it Czechia...it's gross
Not my favourite tradition
In my head I interpreted "pension" to mean the public one
The amount of hours is impossible to tell.
What happens in Prague, stays in Prague
>Well if a single small car Škoda Fabia eliminate FOUR APC Pandur II 8x8 with single hit
-> nonsense (certainly for A LOT of people, but it divides people so much that it certainly is not the most hated persob in US)
And pubs and bars are already turning into "private clubs" to avoid the law.
In high school, they just invited an external speaker to give one single talk on how birth control is a thing that exists (when most of us were already 16 years old
I think historically Slovakia is the only country we've ever considered our friend, others were just "neigbours" or outright rivals (Poland, Hungary, Austria) and sometimes even bullies (Germany, Austria)
I'm atheist myself (which isn't much surprising here) but I just can't relate to all those posts about finding plotholes in the Bible, sharing quotes of famous atheists, advice about how to avoid religious rituals or which phrases of religious origins not to use, or the general need to bash and debunk religion and "evanglise" other people to be atheist
Spain: Two seaside double weekends by sea with a summer camp in the 1990s. Nothing that special, but I liked one of the girls
I was looking for a guy like you haha
Our GDP PPP per capita for example was always higher than for the Soviets
the kofola really makes it
[The Colour Out Of Space] IRL
Isn't the left populist as well?
I think we just imitate the sound and don't use a word for it
Looks like you're right, my bad.
And I am glad it's like that 23°C max is ideal
having high price is smart from you, like a bridge toll
You said, that Christian marriage is a mean to produce children and there are many gay families with children.
\- "Basically just another part of Eastern Europe"
> high speed rail is a staple in Western and increasingly - Central Europe
I really hope KC:D will have a sequel some 15years later
I don't know how to properly describe this in english, but I like that the R in scottish is harder than in irish
It's WW1 soldiers
The kick them out of the Eurozone and the EU.
They're still salty that we defeated them in our one and only naval battle
Mexico won't be able to protest if they don't see it comming.
But yeah, Sudetengermans aren't unheard of in my hometown
Czechs have the most offensive one
I suppose he is being downvoted because he did exactly what I said he should not do (provided he got confused WE for EE before = ) It's not hard to see why people in CZ don't like being categorised as such because only connection to EE CZ has is being under Soviet influece which is not arguably our fondest memory from history.
Some Czech here said expressing empathy and emotions in Czech is cringy
We had tiny lockers in middle school - there were like 4 or 5 of them stacked vertically, so they could only fit books and art supplies and stuff
If it was something imposed on Czechs by a few men in exile as you say, the new state would never have the chance to survive
Other Czech or Slovak cities don't come close
So, spelling bees are irrelevant - most of the time if you can say it, you can spell it (sometimes with the exception of i/y)
Erdogan was not interested in the EU in the first place.
AC is not common at homes here
I do apologize for my social difficulties but you are criticizing my comment, right?
Nothing at all tbh
I don't know where you got his one, the Czech word for an anvil is kovadlina
They haven't changed to keep their fossilised voter base.
No, it was a joint operation of the British government, the Czechoslovak government in exile and the Czech and Slovak resistence members
Hitler was an Austrian export too
You also need to hit a critical area with a gun
It's mostly fine, probably better than most of Europe.
yes, they want to lobby for that, but there are bigger fishes wanting the same
Alcohol-free beer is 15% and Radler type stuff (beer mixed with lemonade) is
Iz drugoj strany, umětne języky sųt råbota jednogo ili vęče anonimnyh ili neanonimnyh avtorov
For example Suomenlinna castle is beautiful but you can find dozens of similar castles in Czechia
It's used when there's an exception for a rule
Back: Pernament stay (adress, just without ZIP code), personal number, marital status and the authority that issued the card
Where the pine forest's wind was blowing
Yeah, they're basically "workers".
Communists then gave religiosity the final blow.
I rly don’t Tomáš (male) and Hedvika (female)
Dragonborn players approve
We have the biggest beer consumption per capita
It's not that bad, but of course I'd like to move away eventually
If you give unlimited access to your funds to your kid, you are either stupid or have strong belief that you raised your kid responsibly
BTW, those "imaginary numbers" are real money made from the "poor hard working falimiles" who work for those billionares
It's not weird, it's just German :P
Your head of state who represents the UK's national interests in the European Council is indirectly elected
How TF was he supposed to do that
The report took more than 4 minutes
If they weren't oldtimers about to die soon, hopefully, I'd have shouted back something nasty at them
It's not because the high makes you want more drugs
I don't see a reason why we should be focusing on decreasing public debt, it's just a nominal value, imho it's better to outgrow it.
I also didn't state that it was some kind of super long friendship
Honestly as I am person from east-mid Moravia the thing u call Common Czech (obecná čeština) is something that tears my ears every time I hear it even on TV, radios etc
"not complying/adapting" but that's just a tongue-in-cheek euphemism for roma people anyway.
Pros: We can claim ownership of schnitzel
couple weeks ago I read an article how are US immigrants here completely fucked with their stimulus checkes as there is no longer any Czech bank willing to deal with checks at all
Fuck you, Russia
feeds more into the stereotype that you are just an angry little Eastern European trying to shove ‘truth’ in other people’s faces
That makes at least two of us :) It probably got a bit more upvote action in light of the whole Catalonia thing thats going on
When speaking English I usually just call it’s Czech, because in Czech (language) it is pronounced as Česko which and Česko sounds more like Czech then Czechia
What did you say that it was perceived as speaking on behalf of all other cultures
these are the ones I would desire to live in similarly to US.
I mean, I can always learn another one (Spanish would be cool), but I'm fine with what I know now
* I really enjoyed the reading and story of the book, the movie is still a mystery for me because it's unavailable on the net
"(Die) Kurve" sound like "Kurva"
When you are the 30
Awww
For more just look at Japanese imperialism.
Mokrovousy (Wet-beards)
He was a chief of the protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia and a big time cunt
Ah yes, the buses from Brno
Regrettably it was brought in Prague and replicated at least twelve times.
why do you confuse us with Belgium?
Each country has its own laws about asylum seekers, their rights and financial support.
Pinkat
My father in law does like 6 beers a day, I do aswell when there
Thought most Polish names have Czech equivalents, this one doesnt
Whenever I see the "memes" around here it physically hurts
In my language, Christmas Day (*Štědrý den*, literally Generous Day) is 24th December and 25th December is refered as *Boží hod* (God's Feast).
I sort of support it but I don't like its unilaterality.
* It's quite easy for kids after they read good amount of books
In Czech republic Herbert, Bohumil and Ernest
By puberty, your thymus atrophies
Then you need politicians to stand behind it and force it further.
how about something late 20th / early 21st century?
The main problem is that we don't have enough healthcare professionals, I've heard so many stories about nurses having to cover two more shifts just to make everything look good in the papers, I don't really know how to explain it properly
[Epiphany] is a liturgical holiday celebrated on 6th of January (today).
Yeah, and our flag is right at the top, yay!
Just use Uber
> because the hungarian keyboard is already full of letters
Ah well, we will see how that works out, theres a lot of differences im that regard but some basic framework would certainly help
She is a beautiful human being.
Yes, Dubcek was naive if he believed Soviet Union would allow any kind of freedom to it's satellites
For Spain: "public transportation is always late", actually I don't remember any significant delays and I have travelled through Spain a lot
specific purposes of quotation, criticism, review, caricature, parody or pastiche
Well no vote for independence, how does she feel about referendum about federalization....
Taviano IT
Orbán, eastern european populists, both far-right and far-left (communists) and many old people still live their nostalgia of the past.
Imagine if your country struck a deal that instead of having your steering wheel mounted on the left, or right, it will now be mounted in the center of the vehicle, because that is fair towards all sides.
Yes, however in this case I used 'Eastern European' because that's the term British people and British press use when refering to anyone from post-communist countries.
It's definetely not a castle doctrine and in all instances must be strictly proportionate to the danger and it must be a last resort
Bad science is not better than no science.
The difference, again, is night and day
talking is more complex, you need practice
Sorry, but /u/Archidiakon is right
But one of my friends was fined for jaywalking in Austria
The black market always exists, whether guns are legal or not
Oh, and the reason why Eesti cannot into Nørdic i think is because they were part of the Soviet Union when the council was started and the Scandinavians dont really know how much like us they are
brácho - bro
I already use scissors for many things in the kitchen where other people would never think about using them but never thought about cutting pizza with scissors
In Hoi4, Germany, since it's the full course
It is pretty well visible that Czechs, Austrians, Slovaks and Hungarians are very close genetic mix.
How is anyone else supposed to pay for this is beyond me
I don't know if I've ever had octopus that I loved but I have no problem eating it
Shame no Western country can make quality planes for cheap.
Belarus has immense strategic value as a buffer state between Russia and NATO
I don't know about Russian, but in Czech, it would actually work.
I'm very surprised by it actually
We were required to have textbook only for english, but all textbooks are available in the library for free.
Older people are still going to complain about younger generations, they just use "kids/young adults" instead of millenials
Probably just as an event where "'Muricans got their asses kicked and then finally joined the war" but many people know about lend lease.
Populations shift throughout time.
You alll generalising all nationalist in one basket, while being against puting all islamist in one too
In CZ there is a party called pirates
(prototype of the future "Glory to the Heroes
> blame outsiders for something that was actually done by Czechs
Eggs yes, some can be sold unrefrigerated, but I don't know anyone who'd put them on the counter at home
This deserves an "In soviet Russia..." joke.
Ten Uzbekistán.
I think that European Union is a great idea, with less great execution.
cos nobody never doesn't know what could happen
But is it proven that we can actually reverse the trend
That sounds so awful
For courses taught fully in English, everyone has to pay tuition fees, including EU and Czech nationals.
RemindMe
We, Czechs, have 9k cases per day and only 10 million people
It's interesting that after 89 you moved towards religion, while we moved away from it.
Hmmm
We've had scandals involving "sales events" and lonely elderly people, in which scam companies take a bunch of old people on a "free" bus trip or lunch and then pressure them into buying overpriced appliances or mattresses while they're locked in a room with aggressive manipulative salespeople
For all Czechs I can only say, Yes, all of it
People 30+ lived during dictatorship and they are also the vast majority of voters.
Someone else here mentioned inviting someone to Church might be inappropriate.
In a retrospect, when I remember school history lessons, medieval ages mostly come to mind, with all the easily examinable but memory-heavy stuff like who was whose son, when did a war take a place and so on
Every time someone mentions the Czech Republic, you can see someone else commenting "I heard they're called Czechia now". The fact is nothing was changed, only a short name was officially codified  and added into the UN list of country names
Same with Word formatting etc
Generally I am not aware of anything like that here in Czechia
* **Brno:** Somewhat silly city with mentality of a big village, has huge inferiority complex in relation to Prague
Four letters for one sound
Guláš
>It's not like they were in control of
> Not really, the languages are so different so I can separate them almost completely
It's not completely dead as [this commercial] highlights there is still one person occupying this position in Czech Republic.
> I would rather expect celebrations
those who are not of Slovak nationality and white race are trash, no matter if they are citizens of Slovakia, same low level as people from other countries.
I don't understand what is this boycott supposed to achieve.
spend all your money and GTFO :)
I am way more extroverted and confident in English and I also feel like my social skills are better
Also, welcome to spoken Chinese or Japanese
Apart from the fact that it would mean that there is a big and probably very unstable country in the Western Europe that we would have to somehow deal with
I think the[ wiki page on Slovaks offers some answeres to your question.]
(And personally I'm really grateful it's that way
It's not common practice
Same in Czechia
Yeah, nursing staff can be rather harsh and inexperienced, though that seems to be more of the fault of the system around it
that's really unfortunate because [pasta was growing on trees] but the Nazis took away all the forks
And even if not *the* best, Czech beer is absolutely unmatched in the price-performance ratio
It ain't proper borsch without sour cream
Czechs also dont have much faith in "authorities" like churches or larger organizations
Yeah, that's not "ch".
If we're talking about our words for cat, don't forget to mention "mačka". It means a cat in Slovak, but in Czech, it means a crampon
There are many special cases (e.g. Petrů) but they are relatively rare
Mercedes = Bear (Medved or Meda in Czech)
Unless you want another civil war, IRA and other stuff, there can't be a border
100 CZK would be for a wine or pizza
They tried to catch on Voat but it just didn't work
I imagine the time is takes to write the fine would be much larger punishment.
And in times of high emergency, tension or just important diplomatic event, police in vital checkpoints carry heavy firepower
(1) The Czech Republic is a sovereign, unitary, and democratic state governed by the rule of law, founded on respect for the rights and freedoms of man and of citizens
Putting money into a private pension product already sounds like investing to my ears, just through a (hopefully) less risky product
Oh gosh we have czech version of this
Game is free, everything is inside free
I never knew we has this reputation
Sorry Germany, but we really need that sea
USB-C is just a connector type
Let alone have a 'white Christmas'. It's depressing
Which like that looks (with different pronunciation) like Czechs using English word (ostrov in Czech)  for Czech name of non-Czech and non-English country
I don't really mind
I don't know if a foreigner would appreciate them though.
Most kids get them here as well
Hmm, I guess
We all tend to think our nation's beer is the best in the WORLD
Check out [this] link it is about how European views the republican party in america, I writed there even more about politics in my country.
Too many spoiled apples in that basket.
There's a huge gap between Standard Czech (with its archaic roots) and a Common Czech
It is not the mainstream by any means, but it is reasonably popular.
You can't really tell Czechs and Slovaks apart in any other way than language
We've got Literary Czech (*spisovná čeština*) which is meant to be used *when writing* and ideally when speaking in a formal setting but I wouldn't call it a typical dialect because it doesn't really naturally occur anywhere, it's a variant of Czech based on the 16th century Western Moravian dialects and then polished by national revivalists in the 19th century into the current form
So not a very good choice by the UK and France.
Daily life in our country is mostly very monolingual, though
But honestly, tortilla is usually quite bland too
If you do it alone, it's not good, but it's normal to go with friends in pub
It doesn't seem weird that it's not in Prague tbh
For a normal job you get like 800€. I know it sounds like we are underwaged but our country is pretty cheap to live in
I wonder, if there's anything you can do to blend in and reduce the risk of getting mugged
So I don't quite understand when they get enough sleep
Terrorists don't really care if a bunch of people, they want to terrorize, disagree with it
first, who gets the additional profit created here?
Lonsdale neonazi clothing taboo
Some children animations (I don't remember the names, but they were from Spain, France, Italy,...), some soap operas/romances (like Inga Lindström, 1001 Nights) Action (Cobra 11), Sci-fi (Doctor Who) etc
Damn, my bad
Is [this] best clothing against drop bear
Nah, thank god, the universe or whatever they aren't that at all lol
7 for Germany and 11
Yeah, I know we have this reputation in other countries as well, that's why I think there is some truth in it.
I suspect it could have something to do with the older generations (and Czechs in general) relying so much on lunches in school and workplace cafeterias - you could basically go your whole life from preschool to retirement home eating in cafeterias, and for dinner, you could survive on some bread and butter every night until you got a wife to cook for you
I heard that the underground there is pretty interesting, with multiple stories and all
Recently I saw one supposed to play in 1920s Berlin and the woman was smooth as a baby seal
Nothing, but are you mistaken with Slovakia often?
Noone is arguing otherwise
All women above 16 were send to concentration camps
Yeah they moved a bunch of their industry in WW2 here, thx much <3
They have an online dictionary and a website where people can send their questions, and we use their resources in academia all the time
There were more of these massacres, where Czechs took revenge for the whole occupation period on German civilians
Or tornadoes
Run for your lives
A couple years ago, they had fewer than 2000 carry licences for private persons and, as far as I know, that number has been decreasing steadily for years
It doesn’t seem that bad, but it’s really weird
It's just that your average parent is going to imagine a guy in a shop with shitty cheap clothing imported from China speaking broken czech if you ask about Asians
You are right, the languages are so similar, that some people even said there is no czech language and slovak language, they said it's czechoslovak language
According to legend, there is a hole to the hell in the middle of the castle
Czechia sounds ill and the whole name with Republic in it is not flattering either.
V4, Baltics, Romania, Bulgaria, Romania, Ukraine, Slovenia, Croatia
> Los españoles son muy españoles y mucho españoles
Not if we have strong border defense...
And then this guy comes
Hungary: Maďarsko (because of Magyars, but older name Uhry related to Hungary was also used
Some buildings have numeration starting from 0 (sometimes called 0, sometimes P as *přízemí* or literally "earthfloor"), some from 1
did he
I can go there for a weekend whenever I feel like it.
Hah that reminds me of a wonderful joke a friend of mine told me a while ago:
He doesn't take it seriously - Má/dělá z toho prdel - He has/makes ass of it
I only wish you exported some of that situation
Goose is traditionally eaten on St
Also internet grocery stores are implementing this option as well
We use it too (Czechia)
Newer generations don't vote fot them, thank God
Used cars
I think „raz dva“ is more intelligible
We weren't historically a militaristic state, our current anthem represents our national character much better
A recent poll found that Zeman has support of [57%] people, more than other political institutions
In reality, it's virtually impossible to give Czech baby a non-Czech name; foreigners are less affected by this tho
But in a federation, ideally, that disagreement should be about which solution benefits everyone the most, not about which solution benefits my country the most
We did count as Germans, but in 19
We do nit know whether it was present in Hispania in Caesar's times
But I have a photo with an entire female class somewhere
Some from Britain, some from Ireland, some from the US, some Italian, some spanish, I found very interesting argentinian kids song about Falkland war
Good question
I don't eat out and I'm lazy to peel potatoes, so I eat potatoes only very little
I don't think so
IIRC people made a figurine of a witch/winter, threw it in a river and then burned it on a huge pyre
I don't think anyone really cares if a Slovak speaks his language or tries to speak czech since everyone understands each other anyways
Just start a "Balaton expansion initiative", bury everyone in paperwork and accidentally put a few more zeroes after the figure for the total area
Karel Gott, Hana Zagorová, Michal David etc
- Greece
Also, Czechoslovakia won a naval battle known as the Battle of Lake Baikal, the only known naval battle by Czechoslovakia
If you want to  have a natural look, it'd be Check
WTF is that
I did not mean to sound critical, I get that PSD were not advertising this in their campaign.
Because they will not water the plants
I think many European countries wish their government handled things differently back before WW II.
You just abused periods quite a lot
Drunk Zeman looking at Crown Jewels was bigger embarrassment
* Ezo and homeopathy and all that jazz is incredibly strong here
Sure you can
Yeah, but in our case I'm not sure that we behave like that because it's smart.
Only 2 Czech members vote for: **Šojdrová** and **Svoboda**. I'm kinda proud the rest voted against or abstained from voting
We consider ourselves being Central Europeans and basically "the most Central of all Central Europeans". We often talk about our country being "in the heart Europe" or when we are self-deprecating, then being "a beer belly of Europe" and generally consider ourselves being something between the East and the West
Most people buy in supermarkets though, because it is cheap.
there would be 24/7 gas station within 20kms.
Because language is merely a tool for communication?
Technically, OP didn't say it is
I don't really know about family from Romania except for my grandfathers brother who we found on Facebook
I don’t get that either
Edit: Many thanks to the many anonymous members of GRU for the awards
He is still democratically elected.
We can use both ways in Czech
Of course
The parodies too:
It's one beer a day
In any case, I don't know a single Czech person who could actually speak Slovak fluently
Got a moose head beer bottle opener still going strong after years of excessive use
Respecting the election results and identifying with them as a citizen is imho an important part of democracy no matter who won.
(Sorry for my spelling, and also this is just my view)
Not an entire chain, but I'd like triple cheeseburger from German McDonalds
It is a bit a thing here as well, it has its own name "Houba" means mushroom but I have no clue about origins.
Oh man, not this shitshow again please.
Cimrman's theatrical company (called Lipany) had a significant share of untalented and inexperienced actors
based approach
obviously I have no idea about unique names (because I haven't lived in every other Slavic country) but I find these obscure/hilarious:
No idea if it was Czech or foreign girl but it was really butchered - and they should keep English
To the likes of Boris they are vermin which needs to be exterminated
I can write much faster that way AND can understand my own notes later
There's no way your out of ass number is even remotely close, given its two neighboring countries
> H does not exist, don't let it distract you
Finnish coffee isn't that bad imo
Today Germany is the good guy and this piece of news means that they will be dependent on Netherlands, Norway and Czechia in case of CZ we will with Germany share planes maybe so this means they will depend on us and how will this give Germany more power??
How is that "an opinion"? It's a obvious truth
In the Czech republic, every police officer and every municipal police officer (and many private security guards) carry a handgun
You have english for international communication.
Loss of TPP also gives way to the rising Shanghai Pact.
That said, Czech is full of irregularities, has many declension and conjugation patterns and also the free word order changing the meaning of a sentence doesn't help
But unfortunately, it tries to make us believe every claim in the video is a fact, which is obviously BS.
I have recently found out that soda drinks produced for the Czech Republic is sweeter than "normal". So now I'm obviously curious how the "normal" ones taste
How did you feign to be Mafia members
Previous presidents never said "no, I am not going to do so".
But at the same time, it tends to be a passive, non-personal kind of reaction, i.e. people feel uncomfortable, but largely don't ventilate it on specific Asian/Black people
> is not celebrated in the Czech Republic
I actually stopped drinking when I turned 18, lol
On the other side shopping is something people do daily and do you really ask your butcher for 783 grams of meat
What's the story behind the rivalry between Nordic countries?
No crime, but you seemed triggered by an anti-trump video, so I am not surprised that you post on that sub.
A lot of my countrymen love to give Slovaks flak for being uneducated peasants, but by the 1900s, they weren't.
All the time
" \*Wilhelm scream as a giant tide of TP buries everyone alive\*
Same as making a lane into a thicc sidewalk and making people drive on tramways
I appear to myself more confident when speaking English And I am Czech native speaker
Very, every city with over 50k population has at least one KFC, and the bigger cities have several
\*1 CZK - 1/10 of the cheapest beer
I wonder if there will be any joy with these houses for one Euro you always see in the media in dying villages
I don't know what will I write, nor do I know if I'm doing it right, but it's kinda fun
The dissolution of Czechoslovakia is not celebrated in the Czech Republic as a "real" Independence day and since it's on January 1 everyone is too hungover to think about it anyway
yeah fucking Iceland
Whereas pride is not
That's so fucking cringe I'm not sure if I should laugh or cry lol
But I think the biggest divide right now is the populism/anti-populism instead of the traditional left/right division
Exactly, if I had a crown each time I said "za tohle jsem klíčema nezvonil tyvole" I could get a meal in a cheaper restaurant
It is best to establish camps separately.
Then it should be 11th century, since Duke Vladivoj joined the Holy Roman Empire in 1002.
An organised German substate was something fiercely fought against during Austria-Hungary, and by extension, federation was not on the list
I would say 95%+ people have the normal non-dispensing fridge (ymmv)
Well let's see
Non seulement je suis largement entraîné en combat à mains nues, mais j'ai accès à l'arsenal entier des du corps des marines des États-Unis, et je l'utiliserai à pleine mesure afin d'effacer tes petites fesses misérables hors de la face du continent, sale petite merde.
There was Mariner 10, which did 3 fly-bys in the 70s and MESSENGER which orbited Mercury between 2011 and 2015.
Czechs are now almost completely atheist, how would that fit in?
Its so generic and widespread today, people think you are "poor" if you dont have anything better
Actually, "ë" is pronounced "yo".
I like that a lot
blue notebook - blank pages (without lines or squares)
You can see the net migration rates in European countries in 2013-15 [here]
I am not bad at reading traffic, you're just fabricating an image of me to make it easier for you to shit on me
hard to say, it is English speaking sub so you have no idea where are these people from
Whenever any Cechia related stuff on reddit posted, some guy in comments writes YOU BETTER CZECH YOURSELF BEFORE YOU WRECK YOURSELF or some lame check/czech switcheroo
In the rest of the country, the arrested politicians are more or less unknown names.
And every existing EU member still gets a veto, until everybody is satisfied with their level of progress.
You're making this a notorious "Nikola Tesla" hassle
Maybe read up on what happened during the war, then
Maybe OP wasn't species-specific.
In an ideal world we wouldn't have ever granted citizenship to people who are not 100% integrated and assimilated.
Google maps are so terrible for walking through Prague, I don't know how anybody can use it
Lessons are 45 minutes (sometimes 90 in HS if the teacher decides to not do a break in the middle), breaks are 10 min and one 20-35 min "big break" around 10am
cz, parlamentní listy
Yes
NSA and CIA copying data from our datacentres, CCTV storages, listening to our phonecalls because of resons
Kapání (drops - miniature gnocchi)
[And we do have a huge park around the Spielberg castle right in the city center about 10 minute walk from this spot
My other grandma sometimes made apple dumplings (using quark dough)
Yes, Russians sometime cut corners, but they have been using this vaccine for their own people a lot, so I tend to trust it
Okay, simple question then: if there's a shortage of STEM jobs, why do engineers in pretty much every country earn eat least double the median salary?
*TV documentary*
Because this meme is reposted every few hours with different numbers/country
Don’t forget he also hoards stuff stolen from the company
Waking up has been so easy since
Are you pro- or anti-gun
Our contradictory nature, probably: we do a lot of sports, yet surfer from high obesity and have high alkohol consumption, our country is steeped in history yet few people care about it, we love to laugh at other people misery yet we made masks for our neighbores and hospitals while goverment was as ineffectual as ever
5 rolls, some rip off candy bar or tatranka/horalka
Tough question
The first two verses of Karel Hynek Mácha's poem Máj, translated as "May". It's an introduction of the first may being the time of love, though the rest of the poem is sad
The "laughing" part is because we have an undying sence of humor which knows no boundaries including self-mockery
UK and Ireland have a drinking culture with their Stouts causing others' envy
5 km "nearby" unless you can get there under 15 minutes
Nah, I only know it's first sentence.
All the microstates - Andorra, Lichtenstein, Monaco and San Marino.
65 already in year 1937, and it was even uder 1
New York was called New Amsterdam
Same here
However, since there are almost 50 countries in Europe, I mostly have a shallow understanding of what's going on there
The cool kids gang
The effect of WWII is still present in Eastern Europe and due to low development after the war, no marshall plan, divided by superpowers, it started to shine just recently after the fall of iron curtain and with the effect of europen reunification.
We had a *great* series of historical books on ancient civilizations
We've been known to make fun of pretty much [anything]
If you ask it the way that makes people imagine typical Asian selling cheap stuff in a market with their super broken Czech, there is no wonder parents would prefer their kid to date a native Czech
Pirate Party has 17 percents in polls here
But I'm definetely heavily against any form of federation or superstate
Cons: Pay is shit
You could be enjoying hugs
There is some kind of natural ratio of hard to get which is rewarding and fun as you are making progress and on the other side is stupidly hard grind
So I don't see why we should be blamed for this, specially since the V4 itself stated that an enhanced cooperation is a possibility.
Coudenhove-Kalergi also proposed Vienna to be the capital of Pan-Europa.
There is no attention given to teaching about dialectal variation
It happened during his mandatory service in czechoslovak army in 1968
I participated in a symbolic re-enactment the death march of Brno Germans (Versöhnungsmarsch); near the end of the 30 km walk, there were some protesters against the  event, mostly elderly Commies shouting stuff like "go back to the Reich" and "shame" at us
The same with books - even content of some books was modified - for example in The Day of the Triffids it was China, where Triffids were created, not USSR
I know almost nothing about this guy, what fringe views does he hold
It’ll give access to the sea and that’s good enough reason to me
We had a list of about a 100 books from which we had to read 20, so I avoided the ones I knew I'd hate
Apple sweats nervously
* arc lamp
that people seem to think EU is pretty much a country, and that all Europeans are exactly alike.
Or is it just some trolling I am not able to understand
These are usually some old sewers, silver mines, storage spaces and corridors connecting them, etc
3 in 2017 for Germany
Nothing in sight as well
Once you go clean butt you never go back
I do not think his replacement will be as good
It was a militant power-grab backed by stalinist Soviet Union
Was speaking to a local in Sulmona who was saying loads of older Germans and Dutch were snapping up local mountain villas, I think this is the main way to do it when the kids are older and no need to work
He has a conflict of interest
It helps so much when trying to solve an issue, because I don't need to guess what the correct translation of the error message is.
Same thing, often you can't cut slice up to gram
Well, we did give the world the words pistol and howitzer
Right now I'd say there would have to be some kind of very serious pan-European crisis for me to consider moving over there
Well I am a cynical bastard, but I don't think it's all going to shit, I don't like the way things are heading, but could be worse I guess.
\- "Basically just another part of Eastern Europe"
The Parliament and the Senate together
It is the same thing, just translated word for word
it doesn't matter at all, he is buying elders slash rurals and they are going to stay loyal to him no matter what because Czech retirees care only about their welfare checks, migrants and nothing else - rurals are very similar in this regard
Also a lot of people believe in something just not what organized religions tell them to
Well, B-P H-Ch V-F K-G letters can soud the same, depending on letters next to them
It's much, much older than Cosmo.
Also unexplainable will to overtake anywhere
You could also take some time recording the languages and scripts of the time for us
It would also mean that France would have to pick a lot of the responsibility as the strongest military
billion = miliarda
Aah, thank you very much, that's very helpful :)
grad/*hrad* means castle in czech.
I was literally replying to your full comment of:
I watched it, but I've not yet seen season 3 for various Reasons
Greek GDP grew 1,5% year-on-year according to statistics released today.
So instead, British people climb up on the top of water fountains and traffic or street lights
I just say it in (mangled) Polish, but in Czech it would be "Není to můj cirkus, nejsou to mé opice," but it does not quite roll off the tongue as easily
you suffer
Kostadinov was good and Letchkov, I used to work with a guy  I called Letchkov as he had a similarly balding head with a small tuft of hair at the front
and 8
Here in the czech republic we have kofola, a cola with herbs
200000 people
I changed it to QWERTY on my computer, as it feels more natural
>Prague
Varous celebrities suing media for lying about them.
We don't want it either
Ye i work in usti and its really digusting
Why is it that neonazis always look like an animate sack of potatoes
BELIEVE YOURSELF !!! - but with many other reasons why we should go ALL of the elections this time, but - if we don't want to be deceived, deceived and robbed again - DO NOT SELECT ANY PARLIAMENTARY TUNNEL - THE PAGE OF THE Ruled (post) Communist RUSSIA Worse, the better !!! - who is asking for election support ALL CZECH CITIZENS and taxpayers who want to turn today's criminal situation, which we are all victims into, the very opposite
Black people are here since communism (Cubans, Angolans).
Children are technically slaves
As far as I know they are legal in every country in world
) - Whatever
I live in Czech republic
Internet - around year ago but my provider was a shitty wifi provider with regular outages
I just wanted to point out that Soviet Union did not bring our nations closer to each other, but exactly opposite
I think giving all games featuring loot boxes 18+ rating and treating them accordingly with local online gambling laws should be enough
I can't help myself, but this sounded like a horror movie quote in my head when I read it
The Tsar bomb was so powerful, it divided Slovania in half, one part fell next to the sea and the second one next to Czechia
The first Czechoslovak president, Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, summarised it wisely:
because it is mostly tolerated, see other answers from Czech.
Eh, never had a problem understanding Slovak
Probably deportation of 2mil Germans because of "bad man with moustache", apart from that I can't really think of anything
I hate when people conflate faith and church (usually Catholic) dogmatism
they had a huge success with the large cell phones for the elderly, they were the first with this idea, now you can probably get such phones anywhere.
I also watched the other German stuff available on Netflix, like How to sell drugs online or Issi und Ossy and loved all of it
Make a big batch and freeze them
Most of the cultural shows happen there and it seems that anything interesting happens in Prague
In freemium, ehhh, probably
I watched it, but I've not yet seen season 3 for various Reasons
Moscow is Sagrada Famiglia and Turkey is Manhattan
These pay under-average wage probably, and a lot of that is paid under table too, thus screwing the satistics.
Remember /r/fatpeoplehate
I 100% agree with you about France and Germany
There were no real election between 1948 and 1990
We use the squirrel one as a joke about Slovakia
Slovakia
> que cada una haga
Free movement with Eastern Europe was the biggest mistake ever, that's why we have far right wing parties all over the place now.
That's true
It’s the capital of the south Czech region
They could be merged into a single grapheme however we have a lot of words that are pronounced the same and although you cannot hear the difference you can see it when you write the words down: e.g. *bít* (to beat) vs *být* (to be)
Like the words they say are kind, but their tone of voice sounds kinda insincere
COULD FOXES CHEAT DRIVERS
Although now I'm looking and you have "der Gorilla", "der Mozarella", and "das Straciatella". Dear god
I don't hate the people there either, we just like making fun of them for their accent and sometimes uppity attitude, but it's not hatred by any means
Uhm, I believe some 10 years ago I used to buy horse meat
European culture shock has nothing on Indian culture shock.
However, I didn't finish reading the first comment so I do the same only with Gmail
>Seriously trying to compare the ČSSR to the Nazi occupation
But mostly Brno, Morava, Prague
I have problem with distinguish Ukrainan and Russian
You can still import as many Indians and Pakistanis as you wish, as for some reason they dont count as EU migrant workers
we have debate if we shall torn down [transgas]#tbm=isch&q=transgas+budova+praha&*) building in Prague or if it's brutalist piece to preserve
Perhaps I was immature or it isn't his brightest book?
I wouldn't say Pho is beginning to be known, I think it's already an established staple in the food industry here, same like pizza
Maybe you keep the good meat in your country and export all the leftovers, who knows, but then you can't be surprised stereotype like this exists
Which makes me one of those people
I love [Indian anthem] and everybody laugh at me.
No, but I doubt an average person from around here has svíčková for lunch as well, or at least not any more commonly than any other meal
Those are much more even I'd say
Oh yeah
How nice of them
What's up with the map projection
5 hours
On a question: where are you going for vacation I answered: Yugoslavia
Land borders are easy to close.
Idk, just a thought, but what about no alcohol in blood while driving
I get that
We use it quite often in Czechia
suprise
Half French, half Germanic, weird spelling, many silent letters - it truly represents
For us traditionally it’s plum but pear, apple, and cherries are also popular
In practice, research suggests that car drivers tend to drive more dangerously around cyclists with helmets
_ Where do you get that capacity to assess it
But it's almost never an issue if you ask
Well, HRE was still quite important insitution back then.
I understand that some people obtain completely useless degrees.
Im pretty happy our constitution mentions freedoms
I found it to be mediocre
I don't really agree with that.
That's what I like too
Nice
“ there was no mention of our towns generous gift
If its even part of EU in the first place
Czechs already surpased Bergamo level, we are the best in covid deaths per capita
The stereotype is pretty widespread, strongly reinforced by the few years old deal between Czech State and Catholic Church about returning the Church properties confiscated during 20th century.
What 'slaves' are you referring to?
It is the same, but maybe some people expect immediate response giving them green light just after pressing the button.
r/JuropijanSpeling
And in the Czech language, there is nearly never a word that two people would read out loud differently if they saw it written down, but we use different forms of the words when we speak, which would then be spelt in a different way
* se: reflexive pronoun
You missed the point
People living in Prague and other big cities, even when coming from areas where other dialects are spoken, often eventually adopt this one, same us foreigners who live among Czechs
He was in infantry, and he got assigned in night shift to guard gate to military base
23 stayed at the Hotel Flora while another 16 at the Hotel Steiner]
I believe those are called homonyms (concretely homographs and homophones)
" -"Baba przebyteczna" (from přebytečná = unnecessary/redundant)
That's correct
But we don't know right now if the EU and the UK can reach a deal on that.
Then we turned to east and trusted Soviet Union, and they taken our freedom and we became practically a colony inside Europe
Wel there’s just too many traditional movies
Some of my favorite examples are:
>He had realistic chance to implement some sort of lasting "goulash socialism"
> Personally I think there’s far more benefits to being in the Union than being out of it
I would be voting for having a trade deal with EU or even some countries if that means having less bureaucracy, because I honestly think that's a bit too much right now
Haha, you guys are in for a surprise
Yes, for same reason
I'd mostly be upset that Lidl is not interested in country-targeted advertising
Probably somewhere along the german borded
and for the music
The word "bière", like "beer" in English, was adopted with the arrival beers brewed with hops
While our economy is a tiny bit better I must say culturally you are ahead
Some have occurred in this very thread :)
Younger people are generaly very liberal and open-minded in pretty much every way possible while some older generations (and even more in the countryside) tend to be more conservative.
Culturally I feel we are very close to all the nations of former Austria-Hungary + Bavaria and Saxony
They were not able to take Ukraine when it was in shambles or Afghanistan even at their peak power
You think I wear my hawaiian shirt, tesco sandals and cargo shorts in our streets
You thought I mistook Bosnia for Latvia
All are much better
But keep in mind that the Czech support for the Kurdish stems from the negative attitude towards anything islamic.
interesting, our term Mlici is also derived from milk.
The Ottoman [Mecidiye Marşı]
They are everywhere
But thanks
Budweis ("České Budějovice" in Czech)
Slovaks: Yeah, we can speak czech
They were extremely active tho,  i think they constantly had 20-30k people online
It was 1968, but you are right
Kurva=slut
the number of extremely poor people is going down
Just like I have no problem with ban on spreading of nazi propaganda or holocaust denial, for example.
Gotta invent a new drink, Trockij on ice
Civil war would start anyway
Kolatches, I think I saw this world in a thread about some Czech café in southern US.
Just a little insight: Bottled beer is 21%, draught beer is 10% if served in a restaurant with facilities, 21% if not
We didn't just recommend her out of nowhere, she basically recommended herself, she said to the US media that she would like to be the ambassador here and that she would suggest it to her ex-husband.
Are special requirements necessary to access the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone?
Nah, Slovak is still fairly inteligible :^)
That's only a region of the country
It was a game with Soviets and a radical Czechoslovak Stalinists for whom even Bilak was unacceptable "revisionist". After most of Černík's government and communist party leadership were arested, president Svoboda kicked out "leninist government" led by Alois Indra, and started negotiate directly with the Soviet leadership, went in Moscow, succeeded to force releasing Dubček and other arrested communist leaders and ministers
He might not have been the best "emperor", but in my opinion he was one of the best people to ever become an emperor
Lichtenstain family owned like 1/10 of today czechia at one point :)
Máj is something I can appreciate now  for the language, but having this as a study material
Definitely can be done, I mean, we fly to space now and all.
yeah, and in most parts of the world the keyboards don't have the key for í xD, it goes like Shift, z, x, c, v, ...
It is mostly alright, the reputation is partly historical, partly exagreggated
Would it even be fun without helping to start/starting war and then changing side to the attacked countries
Clear your notifications please.
He owns Mafra, biggest media group in the country
The tabloid media also released a picture of one of the kids with a blurred face, but you could still see that he has a darker skin.
We have for example: Novák (male) and Nováková (female)
Honestly sometimes I wish that all post communists countries in the 2004 expansion were placed under the same kind of supervision like Romania and Bulgara are (perhaps except for Estonia or Slovenia, they seem to be doing relatively fine).
What's your opinion on the refugee crisis?
Also, when I say "new" - I think people with "a new perspective" - some people could stay if they revoked their "wrong opinions" and accepted "new truth".
Is there something wrong with Greek sewage system
We would be the URBuMS
Holy shit, you think other countries don't have tea bags
I love the nature, the weather, for the first time in my life I would be the outgoing person in the group, and t education system is a dream
Czechia
When my aunt went to the US I asked her to buy me some so that I can find out for myself.
this would be considered here probably as speaking to myself and people will look weird :) the default bus for Prague is over 18 meters long and there is no way driver could hear it, especially when exiting through last door
Yeah, it was a bit of an exaggeration on my part
can confirm, due to some legacy reasons I had a phone with British number on my desk
But I am kinda afraid about the remake, I am afraid I will be disapointed
Undoubtedly, there would be some kind of vote for prosecution against the aggressor (presumably embargos and such), but EU can't order a military retaliation.
This will be my first parlamentary election, I will be able to vote in and I have no fucking clue who to vote for.
Probably Russian on a personal vehicle, you can see trucks from the whole Europe here
We have elections next year and he's aiming for the PM position.
There is reason this list exists:
I found that people leaving their home country and moving somewhere else (within eu) are mostly the one who want to work hard and get somewhere.
Moravia, historical land/region of the eastern half of the country
There are many good people working on the Czech wikipedia
She travelled there some 20 years ago
Additionally, they may throw the woman into a river (or at least a bathtub)
Know nothing but giving advices everyone how to do their job properly
Interesting but sad
It's not the necessary requirement for strong business ties, but it's also not a coincidence that you often have business delegations coming with the FMs on official visits.
Irish is not used elsewhere, hence it's 100% useless.
I’m byelingual
He probably never existed, but there's a period of around 150 years in Czech history of which we have no records, so there are famous legends (Staré pověsti české) set in that period, which includes this legend amongst others
Looks like 9 euro is still not enough for a screenshot
Absence of democratic representation
usually, those who hate it, have never been there
More and more people are abandoning it though, especially in the city
It is a bitch to read tho, háček ftw
They were recognised quite recently in 2013.
The status of king of Valachia is not recognized.
-Minecraft reality (They make Survivor in minecraft like IRL)
On the other hand, my experience in China was different
Seems kinda harmless, people supporting his party tho
lmao that's just a normal ass window bruh
Rolling Stones concert in Prague, 1990, got 110000 people.
"Ptakopysk" is literally "Birdsnout" in Czech and it means platypus
In Czech the song is just translated without the letters
Edit: As a 'bonus'... We went a few decades back
If the general stereotype of Central/Eastern Europe is a bunch of patriarchal homogenous nationalist manly he-menz who are staunchly anti-women's rights, anti-minority rights, pro-traditional family in the most oppressive sense of the word and wouldn't know a modern value if it slapped them in the face, there's bound to be a group of idiots who'll start claiming that the fantastical concoction is actually desirable
We should be celebrating this every day
I see
Not even Belarussians and Russians are deperate evnough to buy Russian cars.
For me it's more of urban design and the roads
how can you spot diference between bohemian accent
Slovakia has more Czech state
Well then hopefully when I get older and don't understand how something important works I shouldn't be in charge of changing said thing without proper knowledge
Is there anything other interesting you would like to share?
Compared to Poland, he seems harmless, aside from some fund frauds investigation
Wiki page:
There was a sign on the doors that thay accept card payments
Princip and whole Serbian Black Hand were the most successfull terrorists befor Al-Queda and that old man on the throne knew it would be a catastrophe.
With the increase in homeworking with Covid, even if it becomes popular it would still stay low hopefully
Private Facebook groups are the shit you want to look into
cibulka
We were (again) in the middle of a conflict with Poland
Let's skip that
Tillola FIN
Edit: Answer would be preferable
Seeing that was ... disturbing yet impressive
Mate, you are asking bunch of strangers question top economists cant answer.
The Hussite Rebelion and the Hussite Wars
Well, the quickest train I found is 2h 26 min
And everything is shall issue, including the carry licence
I don't think many Czechs care about European population, if it doesn't concern us directly, we usually ignore it :-D or we argue about it over a beer, but that's usually it
It makes navigating some places really tiring :D.
Of course I have met one, he's me
Or rather what they server it with
Luckily not the company I'm longing for
It took almost 30 years, but they finally figured out that Czechoslovakia is no longer
Like sorry, but I dont see any good reason to have months named differently then rest of the world
I'll be boring and say that I like to play CK2 as Great Moravia and go for the Slavic Church alternate history line
To be fair France is trying to use common defence and military for their own political gain in Africa
sadly
And also about talking about America and Hitler.
How many screws
[Seznam will actually be one of the default search engine options in Czechia and Slovakia
Even after independent Czechoslovakia was declared, it was generally accepted that the new state would be a monarchy
Also, it looks much better than Monopoly, imo, which means a lot to me if I have to stare at a board for 5 hours in order to finish a game
Yeah i agree 100%, a lot of people seem to not like LIDL in this thread but in Denmark its one of the better stores to go to
For Arts stuff AMU
We have a lot of vietnamesse here, so you would blend right in.
I dont care that much to be honest, and i dont mind if someone speak with accent at all
*explains WW2, the Soviet bloc and then rise to the independence from it which we're celebrating this year*
Knife through neck sounds like a potentially easier alternative.
Like I really would like to read it
ANO and TOP 09 dislike each other, so this combination is very unlikely
Just ignores the 500k people that want him gone
Either, they use proper packaging to make it distinguishable or they use the same product ingredients when selling in the EU.
140 - 150 usually isn't, not on the highway anyway
It is excessive
We have plenty more, but this was the first that came to my mind
I bet it happens because at this point I probably read far more in English than in Czech
"is oy
Having it is fine I guess, but displaying one in public is odd, unless there's some kind of a major sports championship going on
There was quite difference between Austria and Hungary, even within AH empire.
As far as I know, we follow the [European Firearms Directive]#European_Union).
Also, one hour move this or that way doesn't significantly help anyway
Edit: sorry for the wall of text, I didn't realize it was this long until I posted it.
and they are releasing first teasers
Well Sámova říše was established around 624 and that is probably the first time we existed as a separate country
Its not pretty, but it will happen even in much better hospitals simply because they are overcrowded
Don't you see a "petty" difference?
Because of that conference, Prague had to wait for Russians to free us, even though Americans could arrive there several days earlier and spare countless civillian lives, that died, while fighting Germans
Our current prime minister is Slovak, he can’t even speak our language properly, so here’s your answer to that
I mean, Karlovy Vary are now Russian territory on Czech soil and I don't know much about Poděbrady Spa
Stealing
> Czechoslovenia
I work with a couple of English and German guys who love it here but wouldn't last a week if it wasn't for their wives doing everything for them.
The quality of English teachers is dogshit
Good luck with this revolution Belorusians
What a clusterfuck
Yep, eating alone is always a very individual thing
I started at 18, but that's only because I started elementary school at 5, born in November
If I want decent rohlík and not the rubbery trash from the supermarket, it's at least 10 cents in conversion
If you think Milan is a shit hole, wait until you go to Rome.
If the dish was created with military rations, there's no way it was a refined dish
There are many extremely dangerous neighborhoods in France, especially Paris.
to reach, to achieve
Most Czech office people go to a restaurant (or company canteen if it exists).
Most accepted date IMHO is 28
It's common Balto-Slavic set, AKA the most preserved variant of the original 8-case PIE set
you could easily go to many cities in Western Europe
There are regions in Western Moravia which speak closely to it but they still sometimes differ in regional expressions and pronunciation
Our 19th cenutry writer and revivalist Karel Havlíček Borovský was an ethusiastic panslavist in his youth, then he travelled to Russia to finally meet the great and free Slavic nation and after that, he became the strongest opponent of panslavism here
Zdeněk Mlynář was 1968's communist himself
Uniformy z druhé světové jsou povoleny
So I wonder what do people think causes it.¨
Our President Zeman has the power to [get wasted before attending official ceremonies] :D
Well I think that it's best to do a geographical division as the following one to be at least moderately accurate
I haven't seen anything but rainclouds
I think most wildly spread is Prší. (raining)
So yes, if it were important to the name, you wouldn't have it changed
- Which I'd be interested about the origin since servants here used to be white since there wasn't really so many black people around here and slavery was also (even loooonger ago) the question of different races and ethnicities than black here)
"Baba Przębytećna"
Ne že bych si stěžovala teda
Among my friends, I know surely about 5-7 people, two of them afaik are stictly practicing (go to church and fast on fridays) with one studying to become a priest.
Huh
Basically we had similar writing as you until Jan Hus made a reform and introduced - ě,š,č,ř,ž. Little arrows above some letters
Capitaltard destroyed
I'm just saying that some children who lived through the war must have experienced some severe trauma during the occupation
I don't understand people who don't do research or if they do research the 'research' is only from Google and articles they won't confirm themselves
Coats and shoes (changing from your outdoor shoes into slippers is a huge deal in this country, including in school buildings) were kept in "changing rooms" [like this] in the basement, shared by each class
Love it and it makes the story more believable
It’s tourist trap if it is local or European cuisine
Salmon
Lev is pegged to euro (strictly pegged to the currency board)
It is mostly dut to the fact that the Czech Government is extremely incompetent and corrupt
Some political bickering here and there, but sometimes not even that, as the Czech politicians at the time decided to protest against the Austro-Hungarian empire's treatment of its ethnic minorities by boycotting its parliament even though they were invited to participate.
Thsi might be a weird question, but I heard few people say how they don't understand that some people eat rabits, deers, ducks And stuff which was a little bit weird for me because in Czechia we eat those normally
That's a lie, you all are poking fun at the UK for trying to leave.
It was in 19th century and some of the words replacing loanwords stuck, some of them definitely not
I have no clue what they were to escape from, but my city is full of walls and castles used in war
Veselé Vánoce a šťastný nový rok
I have no idea where it originated, but I believe germans have the same saying, just with czechs (czech village)
Migration inside of the EU has always been there, but a wave of millions of economic refugees from the Middle East and North Africa was an issue that started in what 2014?
Usually available during the Christmas season only or in the biggest supermarkets
IN THE STRUGGLE BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL, TRUTH AND LIES, IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO BE NEUTRAL AND STILL REMAIN RESPECTABLE
Czechia is a new thing this year, at least officially.
25 minutes by tram/bus or about the same time on a bike
Our city is unfortunately infamous as a capital of scams on tourists.
Regarding detergents thats a whole new rabbithole but short story is that they really vary from area to area to comply with local laws, water quality and customs (so it is possible that detergents sold in the east are "weaker" than their western counterparts just because people there are accustomed to using smaller ammounts)
century if you want to see how Czech Republic looked like in the time of Franz Joseph
what the parents want or what they know from their immediate community
I worked a 5 x 8 week for like three months some 3 years ago and I hated it
Thanks
Friendly reminder for those, who have not already seen it:
Shine and Septemeber = září
Only as I said, the funds are way smaller in total than the dividents taken out.
My friend has a similar contract but they just made an agreement on top of that
/r/czech is imho a great subreddit with a good community though it's relatively small.
This is NOT about whose fault it is, who's to blame, who has problems with that – this is irrelevant here
I expected a some woman appliance
You also can't use names for objects or just random words in general, this includes words in foreign languages unless they're being used as names for people somewhere
We like to correct people who says otherwise
good ol' fefrmincka
Also there's a Constitutional Court of 15 judges, but it only concerned about the constitutional matters, i.e. whether a law is in accordance to the constitution
But thanks to American English being easier, the accent more natural and American culture everywhere we end up sounding more American.
After all, it was inevitable...
1989 ( Democrats take over ) - 1993 ( the divide of Czechoslovakia )
I had a Facebook penpal from Nigeria so probably him.
It shows that our people are eager to fight together
net]
The US has been doing it like that the last decade and it didn't turn out quite well, I'd say
Your numbers are wrong
For example John of Bohemia, father of our most respected ruler, was from Luxembourg
My main question is, is this realistic??
There is usually dress code, recommending wearing suits and dresses
Roll out the wagons and flails, boys
Available at wholesale retailers
MAD is very far from having the 'A' (assured) in the title now, exactly because of stuff like anti-missile shields (which all sides have) and possibilities of stealth deployment of first strikes etc.
Dogs are allowed on public transportation, in pubs, basically everywhere
I feel like most people figured it out themselves
Yeah, accidental shootings are rare, here, they mostly involve hunting accidents because old hunters didnt have to know much about shooting to get a licence during the commie era and nobody could justify taking their licences away
It’s not like this is the end of the year
village called "Onen svět"
Yeah, people sometimes remember it exists past the 19th century
I like the DS models, but the Citroen stigma is real.
Interesting architecture beats graffiti-covered panel houses every time
As for changing the constitution, 3/5 majority of all deputies and then 3/5 of all present senators have to agree on it
We've also this aspect
And that is certainly what they did
mapy
You cum into a cup and now those kids are suddenly 'yours'?
Although, to be fair, she was very careful about pasta being al dente and everyone's pronounciation of Italian names of dishes
It always surprises that there are people who work for shit wages in countries like Greece instead of using their free movement rights and going to Germany/UK.
I'm surprised especially about the Asians
Discount on out products (16-33 %)
I mean it wasn't intentional, we were visiting family in western France for Christmas and just spent a few days in Paris along the way, but I guess most other tourists cancelled because of the strike
I also leave the keys in the lock
On YouTube, there are a plenty of real-life chases posted by Czech police forces
> olovo (Sn)
It seems it's something between toasts (commonly made with toaster linked many times here) and [topinky] wtih nothing or anything you like on the top
>It takes 2 hours to get from Prague to Brno
Honestly I would objectively vote for Bulgarian
Talking about the modern history, as far as I'm concerned we didn't really do anything so horribly bad, we were more on the victim side.
It feels to me as much more important holiday than May 1st
You have to keep in mind, that the fate of post-war Europe was drawn during the war already (Yalta conference, etc,.).
I didn't want to think about any other way to get to Edinburgh so I went to buy a new ticket
Lately, the right to defend one's life and health with a firearm has been added to charter of fundamental human rights
I often shop at an online supermarket, and that one currently has 11 kinds
gets 2
Yes
*- "Very dark the Dark Side is
creepy Poles and shit what a time to be alive
Osimo IT
It is getting some spam call offering some services or asking for people making purchasing decision about once a week
Do you feel any related to Sorbs or at least is there a legendary connection between the two of you?
I have vistied all regions (*kraje*) but if I count our former administrative units, districts (*okresy*), then [it would be quite different]
Playing games usually, or learning how to tie various knots and other things
I had the Czech defence ministry's website open from an earlier thread I saw they were selling old bunkers, no decommissioned aircraft there but I see they are selling some "Hazardous waste - kerosene sludge" but I think Ill give that a miss
Naaah, Russia does not have muscle to occupy Turkey
4 - we drink the most beer in the world
Those old farts are doing just a mess for some time
Boils my blood
Yeah that happens, I did the same for "Maya the Honey Bee" which I thought was Czech (probably because of the opening song by Karel Gott) and many years later I found out it was actually Japanese anime
Considering the level of English we see here, I think it's second nature to a lot of us anyway
But you can criticizes China and it's politicians only in private or anonymously
and then the rest is a shithole :D It is kind of true, though
When i tell people that I’m from Czechia they usually say Where
This is why you need a defined region of central Europe
Overall, I don't think this survey implies that we are as racist or xenophobic as people try to make it out to be
Sounds like what's going in a lot of countries, ours included
So I judge all our neighbours with the same amount of bias
They managed to keep infection rate under 0
Even if you can only speak few words, go for it
the Macedonians often use propaganda (maps where you can clearly see Greek territory being part of Macedonia, and shit like this) in their schools
, podlaží numbering should be 1 2 3 4 5 6
They don't make much sense, to be honest.
As did pretty much all countries was of iron curtain.
But why
I saw those potholed motorways and crumbling buildings with my own eyes during my trips in 2018 and 2019
Scandinavians
Also why most people want to keep CZK instead of EUR, even if they have no economical reasons
In English
Many Roma live in the border regions, which are often the poorest in the country.
Don't worry, they might to even overtake us.
No need to be a jerk about knowing something others do not
But yes, everyone was expected to use standard Czech, not common Czech or any other dialect
Yea, I've never had one in my life
For example take this Apex Legends
*Počítat* can mean both of those.
Of course he studied in Viena
We have a Camembert-style cheese called Hermelín, which is also the name for ermine fur
even Caesar was afraid to come closer
For them it's just "free stuff from the internet".
From 1993 on it feels that, even though still probably culturaly very similiar countries are slowly drifting apart and evolving on their own.
On the other hand, in the part of Czechia where I live, the regional trains are actually quite nice
Yeah, I assume people from Eastern Europe share my view more.
Had to check the recent post history here on /r/europe
Sacher is my very favourite
Laszlo is a very gypsy name
Also miss the food, and how mindblowingly cheap good beer you can get in CZ.
He himself doesn’t speak German but he spokes both Czech and Spanish and his parents only speak their language and German
In Czechia se have QPlay and Survival Games but these are all country blocked for cz and sk only
Rugby is not some alien sport here though
Never seen one
Yeah, those tongue twisters are cool, but řeřicha is nice example of our language
Mainly the "sídliště" (flat region) in both these places
Also when fog rose near an ancient cairn and suddenly the mountains were visible
I have always been a right-leaning libertarian so I don't have any issue with going hard right.
I am not one of those Czechs who hate on Prague, but if it's literally the only thing anyone knows, it becomes a bit irritating to hear about it
Then Scotland would leave as they'd claim they didn't sign up for leaving the EU.
Wow, and I thought Trump was bad.
We have some larger events going on too, there are multiple weekend events, summer camps and even international Camporee
>You're making this a notorious "Nikola Tesla" hassle
Our country has been ruled and ordered around by pan-european superstates for decades and I don't like them or trust them
I mean, on the other hand, holding us hostage like that is not that nice
Maybe he's a functional programmer
Also, I assume most asked imagined a Roma person under "black person", but that's just a guess
Body - points in czech
A little extract of those emails [here]
In the years after the war, the communists made a coalition with the christian party, joining hands with Catholics and presented their own version of state religion
In Czech Republic it's at least 15 Euros per 1 Gb...
I think I lost the last debit card, no clue what happened with that, but I think I lost it rather than somebody stole it
Not really sure if anything really fits the definition in here
We have "We (speak) about shit and shit is on our shoes"
But surely they wouldn't sell you beer just anywhere, right
Such is our political representation, bunch of opportunistic arseholes.
I thought  the rule is easy: if it's "что делатЬ", then -тЬся, for "что делает, что делают" it's -тся
So Putin is making his own version of burn book
Cetnici as that serbian death squad, Ustase propably means fascists (?), but what is Balije
Everyone got their bats and crowbars and decided to join the French after.
And violence against who
If it's in any way a bit more formal or business context, always shake hands
having to bribe your doctor for service while paying for it with taxes
Am I the only one that read wildfire to cross and was very confused
Ah that must suck even more in chemistry as I don't actually have to focus on french
Oh hell yes
Also, and I could be wrong here but I’m pretty sure I’m not, that ammo and weapons were meant to go to Ukraine during the Crimea thing
A lot of money when you include secondary effects such as the increase in crime, extra welfare expenses, huge costs of integration (which many would fail anyway, eventually), etc.
Most people watch and read shit like televizní noviny, novinky
To z Karla I. (jako rakouského císaře) dělá českého Karla IV
Immortal turk and his partner Don't get too attached
That's the type of euroskeptic we need, EU has many, many problems and they need to be fixed before we start federalizing it any further.
what I am saying is not against Poland
Ah, trdelník, traditional bohemian dessert
If anything, it's more like not drinking any soft drinks
that's uplifting to hear, thanks for sharing!
(...)
Recently, budget for 2018, made by the ČSSD-ANO-KDU coallition has been approved
Most people in Czech Republic have no idea about this
There are like 5 castles less than an hour away (be it car or train)
"Czechia, it's like Austria but worse"
I simply have a problem with the fact that our existence would be watered down from an independent country where it's citizens can rule themselves into some backwater province that would get ordered around ybt eh big countries whose citizens believe us to be nothing more than just second grade citizens
our country is changing into babišstan sadly
You not only seem to have difficulties to reconcile your opinions with reality, you moreover seem upset right now (and I must admit that I find it quite amusing).
175 cm is our average height and I am 183 cm
One side ran a half of Europe into the ground, the other helped rebuild it and the statistics speak for itself...
I initially found concept of spelling bee utterly baffling because our language is very phonetic and you read the exact sounds you write
* sugar cubes
It was one of the top topics yesterday
So we had couple of drinks with friends
Yes but mostly on subreddits which deal about university or employment advice
Ostrava - jokes about pollution and how they speak polish-like gibberish
Could we have a table with ranks (or another form of source)?
Billa used to sell absurdly cheap (20Kč?) sekaná v housce
Well it's a good thing that any country which doesn't want to lose its veto can just veto anything that would take it away, until it actually wants to take it away
[Please don't kill me it's catchy
What about stop with drinking of beer
Most probably
Actually making progress towards switching fully to renewable energy (like Austria, Sweden, etc
Brno
Same with us
I'm giving non religiousness
Cool, I appreciate that you are trying
It's very easy, compared to the alternatives
don't..?
Perfect beer making conditions tho
Depends what you consider as "liberal on guns".
It got worse since then
I was planning to visit Prague but corona virus and we had to close of individual states
Since 1901, there has been a test range of cannons assembled in Skoda in the center of Pilsen, and even before the First World War, ammunition was also produced here
Rakousko-Uhersko
I am not saying Czech and Slovak are one language but often the definition of what are separate languages and what are two dialects of one language is quite blurry
I study in Prague, so I mostly say something about bad traffic/the tram being late
Very common
The reason for that is that often they speak very poor german, and so they stay in a turkish media bubble.
\- Austria-hungary
my friend stopped at Nordkapp and said it was cool.
I study CS and English is mandatory even though my study programme is in Czech
Rhetoric of some democrats sounds more like pro abortion than pro choice
Manhattan is definitely something else, it's enchanting to be completely surrounded by massive buildings and skyscrapers, and the city feels so bustling and alive
Also it is not like whole Czechia is more german, Bohemia (with Prague) is more Germanic, but still Moravia is closer to other Slavic countries
especcialy this one :-) a tractor is starting
And it has timer to switch it automatically off.
What's wrong with Russian Ministry of Culture
Regardless any scandals Kohl was at power too long (16 years) and Merkel would be too.
(source)]
I get woken up almost everyday around 6:30 because that's apparently a prime time for pigeons to have a swingers party at my balcony
But it obviously depends on time and restaurant
Not in my wallet as we're not in Eurozone but I keep some spare cents.
Here people call the mobile number "GSM" as well:
I myself believe we need more politicians like that though, be they left or right.
Yes, they were really extraordinary men
You shall wait
I wish we had a more Atlantic climate, I hate the big differences between suffocating summers and freezing winters that we get here in the middle of the continent
" - Jan Masaryk
My dad complains about the coalition daily,  they're on European market and some of their employees are from Ukraine and so on, they don't really care where are you from as long as you work
Too many nations with conflicting views on an EU army but France and Germany will make a de-facto alliance.
And that's why I leave it to greater experts on Islamic law and borrow their definitions and values.
Unless you live near the border, we dont go often
I surfed through all news sites
Uhm, I believe some 10 years ago I used to buy horse meat
As source of opiates, or as a food
We do the same AND beat women with pomlazka (willow sticks)
Well, firstly and most importantly, your culture's opinion on what my culture self-identifies as, i.e. Central, is of no relevance whatsoever and I don't understand why it should be taken into account in any way
Besides, wasn't it Chamberlain who was mainly for the appeasement policy
Eugh
And before modern Slovakia popped out, we had the most friendly relations with Slovaks and Sorbs
Because pescado is a substantivated past particle, like "fished (stuff)"
Yeah, it made winters interesting and pretty
Nothing in sight as well
I guarantee you will feel it
Well, you can guess how it is in Czechia
Svoboda and Mrs
quite a lot, not really safe to go into woods this time
Slovaks and Hungarians challenged the vote on the relocation at the European Court, which is well within their legal rights.
that's pretty shit ngl
I believe that the most notable holiday in Czechia is 17th of November, due to two events that happened on that day
Now it looks a bit dumb but it seriously made me question reality.
hOLY SHIT IS THAT SNOW
> Even night clubs had these insane queues where you sometimes had to wait between 15-90 (!) minutes to get in, even when it was -15° outside
Once they disagree on something, they'll act like to-the-death enemies
5 - ěščřžýáíéúůďť
I vote for one of them this year.
Since that day, even though only for a short time, I believed English is the same as Czech, since they talked Czech (dubbing) and said if he understands "anglicky", so she obviously said it in English and it sounded exactly as Czech and I didn't really met English yet
EDIT: spelled the cycles name wrong
can't say it in one word either, also not specific to parents, just "entitled"
I won't, but I will always support and sometimes also sponsor political parties promoting low taxes and limited regulations.
For Misha: you dont have a "Michaela" in Russian
And afaik he has the Ukrainian flag
It was a boring thing to do, until the middle of the night, when out of nowhere, few soviet tanks with white stripe arrived
No I am not, I went to these events as part of the boyscout honour guard.
I enjoy more complex strategies and rpgs and I usually need to search in English walkthroughs and wikis or want to use English mods
One of advantage of hussites as AC’s protagonists is large amount of weird weapons they used
Jacob's route(s)
There are citizenships of EU countries, but there is no such thing as EU passport.
* Buses are big (12 or 18 meters)
[don't underestimate comedy queens]
To the bus or plane, if the travel by bus is more than 12 hours I'd rather take the plane
and I thought, after Austria news, that it's going to be a good day
There is nothing wrong with protesting.
Okay, so your grandmothers aren't particulary bitter, does that mean no one can be particularely bitter
On the other hand it does not count beer consumed by Czech tourist in other countries so it kinda evens out
Because that's just how it is
I am not sure about this but due to pretty good relations with Russia I don't think it will be hard to obtain S-400 from them
He is a snake oils salesmen
We have "Středa, je ho tam třeba" (Its wednesday, he is needed over there)- meaning that "your GF needs a dick"
Never ever seen that
, in fact
I did my studies in Biochemistry and Computer Science
We were technically free although in reality it was a pretty rough life
tbh I know what I'd like for benefits
And it's just boring small town
Although I do pity people who can't get any fruit dumplings in restaurants
Did you have something in mind?"* ;)
Basics, but they can build upon them
Those haters got quite a backlash here on social media.
I guess by nickname from Italy or Estonia(Talin)
Both depend heavily on hit placement
To me, Hungarian, as well as Finnish, sounds like it has no intonation
oooh Hera
That's hardly a majority
You spend 60e on lounas
\+150 Political Power
Honestly
Well, the point is to come up with short English name.
Rewinside
But then again, it makes sense that you test less with less suspected infections
Apple doesn't need to win in sales; it still [takes about 90% of profits in the smartphone market] Nokia could have done the same: release a small number of high-end flagships to grab profits and a few entry-level phones for the masses (at the time when Android on low-end phones was utter shit, people would have flocked to buy Nokia hardware)
Sorry for off-topic, but how is life in Cyprus
Lol, really what the actual fuck
IDK if this was a thing anywhere else
> It's either 1866 and Austria's end of German hegemony after losing the war to Russia,
Here it’s called Morana
Well yeah, we learn it as part of the masculine, but since the declination is different I'd still kinda count it as "another gender" for the purpose of foreigners learning the language
Polish people keep arguing, that their government is worse than ours
Czechs will often try to get foreigner to say "řeřicha",  since it's a very hard letter to pronounce correctly even for many Czechs
For this reason we thank you for your help
Before 1990 there were no private companies or schools or hospitals under communist regime
As much as I want Qwant to succeed, the search results are absolute trash, even compared to DDG
>  tradition of fookdancing
Natáhnout bačkory (to stretch the slippers) - to die
And he would need to live in Prague, since metro is only there
Then he sent letter to Soviet Union and USSR officials offered 700 planes and sent 330 000 men to Polish border as a threat for attacking us
No, they are pretty much the same language with small differences
Rossmann above just started and they got some popular products but DM has those too for some time and they got the 'eco line' variety which is even nicer
It should be written as *Škoda*, 'š' = 'sz' (PL) = 'sh' (EN).
as other already said, hidden charges, but this is some your weirdo thing like sales tax in shops.
I think there's worse combinations tbh
Of course everyone came dressed as fucking Stalin
Ok that's enough for stereotypes
* PC: stock XFCE blue pattern
it's like if you said huh but without the uh, or like a minecraft villager noise but shorter
According to the latest official charts:
And when I told this to other Lithuanians, they were like "what are you talking about
Since it hit our house directly and burned out our electricity and lot of appliances and about 2 or 3 years later another house and went into ours again so it damaged the electric net again (it was really "fun" to watch lightnings going from the outlet), not really
They definitely have one of the best natural sciences (geography, geology, chemistry, biology) faculty and the faculty of mathematics and physics is good too
This colossal insanity has to be stopped
If I remember correctly the train ride to Denmark was 13 hours
Well, what I really meant is that this "return to wider economy" argument is probably to some extent BS, which should be evident if you read the article and thought a bit about it.
I would rather see high speed network Berlin-Prague-Vienna
000 people
I don't have Austrian flag next to my ID so I had no need to talk about Austria at all
Yeah green ones but I like black olives only
He gave himself almost 80 %. How dare he
People usually only know them from some jokes
Families didnt have any buypower to buy machines, so they they got "bio-robots".
i = "and also" or "and X as well"
You have done it
> but it looks like many people (also here on Reddit) allowed themselves to become useful idiots of the megacorps
Imo it comes down to the use-case
Prague experienced many battles with army, lost very many people due to death and forced emigration of protestants, many buildings were destroyed.
Because once you have it in school canteen, you hate it and there's no going back
The murderers have never been punished
The country police can and does operate everywhere
In russian, it's Groznyj (=amazing), very similar to czech word Hrozný (=terrible)
Common fast foods are also bramboráky - sort of potato pancakes or originally hungarian langoš - often with cheese, garlic and  ketchup / tartar sauce on top
I saw cute lil flower buds today
Also, these two are often subject of mistakes when translating from English:
There were anti-Trump supporters wearing masks and carrying anarchy flags in California and such.
Can't imagine using it either, i'd say this is not exactly a country specific thing
Putting on wishlist
I miss your cheeses and wines, counting the days with you
Dang, wish I knew that sooner, when I was visiting
Many/most countries don´t issue immigration/work visa without official document of your terciary education.
No, that's Aldel
Wow
Those must have been really interesting times
Zdob şi Zdub is epic too:
I mean I'm from Czech Republic the most atheist country in the world
One of the poorest and least relevant countries in Europe.
Since I am a uni student I meet a ton of slovak students who come here to study, because it's free here, so I hear slovak almost as often as czech when in school.
Also, is Fico really that bad?
Říkáte taky někde na Slovensku: ,,Před pikolou za pikolou nikdo nesmí stát, jinak nebudu hrát. Už jdu
Day 2746 - I keep trying to find the diference
Jednou za Uherský rok (Once every Hungarian year) - when something with a repeating nature happens after a very long time
So people at large are fine with them.
And when I told this to other Lithuanians, they were like "what are you talking about
So you claim to be atheist, on the other hand you don't want the catholic church to evolve and to stay rigid as it is.
Question: How does it work
Czechia is absolutely a dog people country, we have one of the highest dog ownership rates in the world IIRC
Similar apartment in outskirts of Prague
Hulín (Blaze-town
Just curious, who are the most popular candidates and who has the biggest chance of winning?
Yep it's pronounced with [k] which I'm not fond of
I have a bottle with his name on it waiting just for the occasion
It has 7 seasons, and every 2 seasons you get brand new cast.
It’s wild
Although considering what some people wear these days it shouldn't really surprise me.
” Which would translate as “I’m Hungarian from this
They do it to boast among their friends so that they can feel more manly and think that it's actually nothing, it's just a bit of verbal teasing, but from the woman's perspective it's difficult to differentiate between the harmless types, who might be annoying af, but won't actually do anything but call you a few names and between the potentionally dangerous types who might actually hurt you.
I ALMOST forgot about it
It becomes even more absurd when you look at what kinds of laws get passed in different countries
It always bothered me that the two small red stripes arent symetrical so maybe change that
I'd say zoophilia
Contact lenses, lightning rod, ship propeller or blood types* are also cool tho
Because if you travel to China, SEA, Russia, chances are you're best odd of communicating is English.
I wouldn't be against turning those into skylights, honestly
Babiš has a shitload of flaws, but being an admirer of Orban and Trump is not between them
You know, I think it's better
Nemám pocit že někoho zapomínám?
Every search query counts (I guess lol:D)
And the whole background is way more saturated than would be natural with atmospheric perspective
He's dutch, bikes are their religion
The only thing that is truly similar is our languages, other than that, basically everything is different or at the very least on a same level of similarity as our other neighbours
Have you ever bothered to read the sidebar of this sub
That would explain why no one can understand them
Romania, absolutely
In Czech we wouldn't use "having big balls" (mít velký koule), we would only say "having balls" (mít koule)
They are completely outdated and out of touch
We probably need Denmark and Finland in this group, probably more :D
Don't buy new plastic bags, use the ones you already have
It's not the Czech kapusta (kale), which can go burn in hell
Ostrava, just fuck with as many people as possible
1 CZK  - a one or two screws or nuts or a shitty breadroll during sales
I believe the English language is the problem
You're getting your own Marshall plan, every year.
Oh, thats great
* **Prague:** Arrogant, self-important pricks, who think that they are something special because of money they have, they also do not understand real life
Sometimes I add a spoon of honey or cacao
To be fair, is not wanting your kid to marry a gypsy or a Muslim (without further specification which makes most people imagine your typical immigrant who can't speak our language and has completely different culture) xenophobic
You can buy hollow points if you have long guns but not just a pistol
It's unclear where does he come from tho, the "living tradition" includes no mention of his origin
Black Tower
My expertise is in the usage of windmill turbines as a means to affect the rotation of the Earth.
fun fact : the director of CIIRC made a tv document during construction of this building
2 is such an insane nonsense
You Germans and your words which are just another words jumbled together.
also as someone born and grown behind iron curtain, young stupid me idealised USA as country of freedom not as a country where people like to all aspects of their lives to be dictated and policed
The period after the WW1 seen the return of the "antiquity ideal" of the body
I have almost exactly same benefits as described but I would like to get some money instead
I don't know, if that counts, but I agreed with their program, because it looked doable, so there was little chance of empty promises
Living in a village, we don't lock the door during daytime since anyone who wants to enter the house needs to walk through the front yard first and it's *very* unlikely that someone with bad intentions would just enter our property like that as they could be easily seen in the open by neighbours or random passersby
AFAIK the Czechoslovaks didn't use any military vessel, but they just put some howitzers on a regular ship
Does your country have Active Reserves?
I can store all the things I'd put in the pockets in my asshole...
I don't and haven't seen many people wearing them.
cool
Just because it's popular does not mean it's worth it
No, there was almost nothing here during roman empire era, some Germanic tribes etc
Are you really telling me that the populist anti-immigrant waves have nothing to do with immigrants unwilling to work/being unemployable/fully dependent on welfare?
well, sort of
Tell that to the US, who think that one constitution is good forever, and doesn't even really need updating
You are technically allowed to drink bleach, that doesnt mean it makes sense or that its a good idea
Czechoslovakia, as a part of WW1 allied war reparations, received a certain part of the Hamburg harbor in a form of a lease for 1 Czechoslovak crown with the duration of lease of 100 years
I am currently living in Munich, so I had to point it out
Mainly Europe
We'd love to trade with Russia.
I had the same feeling in Lithuania - they are really really proud of their independence - but I don't recall seeing a single one in Latvia
Hopefully the Slovenes realized how jammed are their villages on the slow roads to Croatia and changed this policy
Well, it's basically just putting -ia to Czech, so if everyone knows how to pronounce the adjective, the noun that is derived from it shouldn't be a problem, hopefully
There is quite a difference between American and European muslim community.
Ha, in my place we didn’t even have snow this year
A perfectly valid sentence
It’s Brno, after all
A different alliance with Russians.
My home village in foothills little bit further - the same, only the thin layer of snow stayed for few hours, probably thrice this winter
The sentence says that “three hundred thirty three silver hoses squirted over three hundred thirty three silver roofs”
Also provincie, meaning the provinces
If not, [there's a screenshot] at least
You don't have closed schools
He rebuilt Prague, found the Charles University, the first university in cental Europe, built many castles (including Karlštejn) as well
Nope, no dual citizenship in Germany.
If it was based on populist political agenda, glad that it didn't pass.
Bottled water is the most sold thing in my local Tesco, but many people do drink tap water
„Hlídej si tvoje věci"? I think not
I believe those are called homonyms (concretely homographs and homophones)
Like seriously
That is also a common way to distinguish Czech men
I am still for legalization though
Actually, I'd prefer more of direct democracy, not less of it.
81 million people live in the DRC, yet *friggin Slovakia* (5 mil.
When starting grammar school the teacher mentioned
I found it to be mediocre
* Božena Němcová
In Czech olovo is 'Pb', 'Sn' is cín.
I admit we can't beat them there.
but considering that no country in Eastern Europe has the economy capable of developing or supporting nuclear weapons
We've found [newspapers] from the day after hidden in a bench with storage space.
I approve of temperatures like this
Orban or even your Kotleba have many alt-right supporters here
(the "discount" I can have from Vodafone with my plan is about 40eur more than buying it anywhere else) Last interesting offer on iphone was for iphone 5
I'd like to see the EU average of these graphs
Stanislav Balik Ph
Does fortress/Festung count
One hours does shit to help
Me too
I'd say half bad
This guy was telling me all about the different positions and what they do, and then I think there was a long list of rules like "if X happens, then Y happens, but when X and Z happens then A or B happens" and I got lost.
Is it worth it
People usually go for pastry (savory or sweet depending on country), but some eat yogurt, müsli or cereal.
In elementary school
That's because dystopian fiction is inspired by Nazi symbolism.
I'm not naive
Not in Czechia, I’ve seen very few and none on people in higher positions and respected professions
5 metre of snow and at least some snow during whole winter
one cup of rice and one cup of water.
This is unfortunatelly the heritage of the regime.
For example for my country, France and the UK were role models in the 1920s and 1930s, our elites looked up to them, until we got sold out to Hitler by these two countries that we liked so much.
And the next time when that person will have conversation with someone else about Euro, he will present what he have heard and the next person will do the same
It was inhumane decision of reckless Americans that didn't value lives of innocent civilians
"Czechs are laughing beasts
Sure, Elizabeth II=Alžběta II
Thanks
Arabs use usually only water now, in the past it was often just sand
here, we have sýr.
Can’t believe I’m actually saying this but
I would say *hate* is exaggerating it, but I certainly don't understand why would anyone want to live there.
Did the rest of the UK vote on Scottish independence or its right to hold such a vote?
[President Zeman]
The more popular ones are routinely shortened, and the shortened form have very different feel
> Well, you'll notice that more then 45 minutes have passed and the question hasn't produce a Android vs
Beauty is preserving nature together
The only thing in the world the EU is capable of bullying is its former member state
haha that's cute
Hungary: Fading memories of camping near Balaton in the 1980s style
Don't worry about it, it is a clusterfuck for us too
I could never understand why people spend their entire youth to get a good education and become free from their parents, only to shackle themselves down with a kid or two...
Only stuff I've seen and heard right at the location
Russian can help in some countries of Eastern Europe
They were implemented as a sort of divide-and-conquer tactic of the new hardline communist regime, and national autonomy was practically just on paper, since only communist subservient to the party committee sat in both national parliaments
Damn
That's like taking pizza and putting marmalade on it.
Which is actually super against MasterCard’s and visa’s TOS
You get taken to these places as a child with school fairly early
There's a minimum and maximum number of mandatory classes prescribed for each grade, the maximum for HS was 35 (x 45 min)
It's a pretty set stereotype at this point
Thats just temporary though
be it ecology or power produced
Very true
And during winter it can be dark by 5-6pm, while in summer it's still pretty bright at 9
I believe the English (or rather French, but used in English) term is corvée.
" To be, or not to be, that is the question "
In Czechia it's as common as bread and I naturally thought it's as common everywhere
For me, a fan is enough, although I hate the noise during the night
"It was late at night - the first of may
I'm from
Yes, know, it is the same in czech and we learn it in school
How the fuck did us, Czechs, make the list
I think not much
EDIT: Belarusians, who live in Czechia, had a small protest in front of the Belarusian embassy while they waited in the line to the voting room
And always whole milk (3,5%)
Deep fried cheese
Actually median pay in Czech Republic is around 30000 kč, so ~1125€
Probably not, I hope you enjoy the trip
sailors
My favorite one is: "Na to ti sere bílej tesák!"
Most slavery, Best at drinking beer ..
Sure, I'd like to restore a monarchy.
May I use it as a wallpaper
We have a citizen registry - the government knows where you live (or where you say you do)
Children's animated cartoon from Czecho-Slovakia
you have a Czech flag
We also were there
Večerní máj – byl lásky čas
Some large churches here actually have services aimed at tourists, in various langauges
And Farkas in Hungarian, I think
There are barely any latin amricans living here and I never met one
No articles, no problems :) Czech language is hard to learn in many different ways but at least we don't have these
but when her mouth and hands are full, she doesn't cause harm
We even had a "Farewell, Covid" party in June
nope, just drinking
1 hour + to my school, then 3 hours to Prague, then almost all the mayor sights and attractions, 2 dispersals and back home, all in 1 day
I even prefer a monarchy over a liberal monarchy...
>Its sad that the US actually has something called 'Gun Culture'.
With cats it's more tricky
People don't scold me when I arrive late, which I do, even frequently so
>There's not even enough Leberkas Pepi within Austria
There Is a famous memed scene where little girl asks: don't you mind I'm 12
Seems like he treats being a priest as a job and not as his personal mision.
Fun fact: In the census you can put anything as your religion, in the last census we had 15 thousand Jedi Knights
Our police arrested Kurdish politician on Interpol warrant issued by Turkey, but he was released and Turkey doesn’t like that at all and accused us from supporting terrorism
* fatter (tučňák) - penguin
I'm proud to be on the list
based approach
I never knew that other countries suffered with us
'real low drinking age'? Its 18
I think this is again related to Czechs being negative on default and since they have no experience with Jews they rather say no than yes
This is why you need a defined region of central Europe
I paused only two times then I automatically proceeded with reading by transforming it into caron diacritics.
Jizera for example have Celtic origin too
August 1968 the game was about minimizig impact of the catastrophe caused by idiots like Dubček was, preventing bloodshed, deportations or executions (what all had happened in Hungary)
Květoslav (essentially Florian) a Chrudoš (the one who weakens)
Finland has its priorities right, as does my country, not the biggest fan of Sia but she's better than trump
Its the best Netflix show imo
Budapest
Before pandemic the centre of Český Krumlov used to be ridiculously overcrowded with mostly Asian tourists
Oh, and Spain and Portugal, as I’ve mentioned elsewhere
About E.T. - Eliot in the movie had [this speaking toy] \- until the fall of communism I was sure it's just sci-fi prop, because digital children toy which is able to speak what is typed on keyboard was something so advanced to me that it never occurred to me that it was something that could be bought in a normal shop
politicians are corrupt and citizens barely give a shit anymore.
Obviously we dont get retarded russians to come in
So it's *technically* a holiday
We have the same saying in Czech.
Turkey isn't joining, they don't want it (anymore) and we don't want it (anymore).
Only in a limited fashion
Any historical borders would include Wroclaw (much smaller, since in the 14th century Prague was the biggest in the Holy Roman Empire even, though with industrialisation in Silesia in the 18th centure it would probably come close, I don't have the exact numbers)
Noooooooooooooooooo
They are naive fools, all of them, clinging to the period of time with a set and sealed end.
Nuclear plants are better, but for some reason you guys are closing the last one in 2022 and the last coal one in 2038
When you're hiking, but also just walking through a village
If we got as many immigrants as Britain, people here would be going crazy.
Some places in France are still poisoned by all the dead bodies in the ground
Yet another hugely biased piece of statistics...
If for example the country is attacked, we can slow down the rotation to give our troops time to prepare.
I wonder if there's any symbolism to it
I think history and how things work (physics, biology and chemistry) to be more valuable
Not to mentions that the Czech ones are way more extinct than the Slovak ones
/czechoslovakia/bohemian kingdom etc
But seriously
I would prefer shops/stands that would sell more nutritious food though
And the worst part is that my English proficiency is completely fucked up
It's basically "everyone is lying, don't trust anybody, specially not the mainstream media, the EU and the US are just as bad as Russia, if not worse".
Just everywhere in Europe
You mean Slovak tourists or Slovaks in general?
Generally I feel like at home there
Then we had great lunch for a quite good price and while eating we were listening to the cliche Italian music played by busker
), also there is free roulette, poker
Someone was having conversation in the back and said loudly "Fakt
Demonstrations took place in Brno, Liberec and Prague
jpg on weapons or character
:-)
+ There is a region in Czechia called *Slovácko*.
One of advantage of hussites as AC’s protagonists is large amount of weird weapons they used
The families pay them a percentage from money they get in refugee allowance.
Looks like an old little phone to me
You can smell it almost all the time in Prague
Unfortunately, not everyone has the choice.
But it is everyones choice
It sure is
We drink beer like there is no tomorow
>just like trying to erase widespread support for the communists amongst specifically Czech workers (less Slovak workers)
&#x200B;
I would say ,,Máj" (May) and ,,Kytice" (Bouquet)
There's still no same sex marriage, only civil unions.
Marie, Anežka
Propably stole some shit
There were definitely some unexpected dangers.
Had it all planned, checked when it's opened on the internet and by calling the staff
Also, muslims who gets to America are usually wealthier, they studied there or are some kind of specialists.
We have Lítačka card here, which with you use Prague public transport in PID P zone, if going beyond P zone, you have to buy aditional ticket for small charge (like 50 cents
Like, I understand your phrases, but their meaning is not at all what I'd expect
Don't you have to show everybody how you pronounce [the town with the long name]
But I will not miss pomlázka at all
If you pay by card or by bank transfer you pay exact amount like 1234,56 CZK
Beuatiful nature is nice and all, but for someone who doesn´t know the lyrics, it's just yet another song some people in some country sing on occasions, and nothing's particularly interesting about it
Or Slovenia + Austria because Cis-Leitania stronk!
That’s dumb
Even our highschool kantyna offered it during velka prestavka
It must be because they are idiots, there's no other explanation
Why do you downvote this comment?
I thought Singapore was relatively clean
Also ban Kinder Surprise
I was asking for a mix of wine and coke 1:1 at Beaujolais days organized by French embassy here.
Which should be easier to tell than the above and people could argue about it
if your imagination is plentiful with sentences about denying holocaust, hating nationalities and wishing death on people, you should talk to a professional.
For me there seems to be big differences between over 50s, then people 35-50 and then under 35s are different again
It's the fee charged by the ATM itself, not your bank
You just stand out so much more from other people.
Are you sure you're not confusing the translation?
[Unofficial Czechoslovak Anthem]
There are 318 millions US citizens living in 50 federal states having own goverments.
Not anyone's fault where you were born...
If they're renting alone, probably nothing
Back in school, we were reading some samples from old texts
I am leaning to demonstrations against his imprisonment, but Wikileaks
The assassination of Reinhard Heydrich, the Reich Protector of Bohemia and Moravia
Yeah, I used to be able to make hills of snow on or backyard and jump into it, now Im lucky if I can get some snow to at least ride down on a piece ofcardboard
There are some other Europe related subs but none of them is straight about politics
Don't take the taxis from Prague airport to city center
It comes from "Schreibtafel", a small writing table that was used by shop/pub-owners to write down debts
We're all fully aware the KSČ caused the coup
You could say "čeština je jiný jazyk", then it would be correct
I can understand and speak a little bit *hantec*
It's not common in the Czech Republic, but it started to be a thing few years back and now you can see sometimes someone with it
and those we really want to integrate are welcome
He has not yet appointed her, she just said she would suggest him to do that, maybe he'll refuse.
I’ve spent plenty of time bleeding my wallet dry in Germany and Austria and feel like I would get to see a more extreme version of what I’ve already seen
Agreed 100%. Good luck getting legislators to pass something like that
Maybe some movie or some long forgotten meme
Wolf = getting a skin rash from wearing wet trousers/pants
Which laws we refused to abide?
We have it too at home
Matti Nykänen, Jari Kurri, Teemu Selänne and Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim !
Even though we make fun of it, the city center is beautiful
On the other hand, the money could have been used to invest, which might be a better idea.
For example, I was born in the Czech republic but at some point in life moved to Germany.
Think again, fucker
Crackpot
The lady in question is/was the European western shooting champion
People will either bring their own food from home or will go to a canteen or restaurant
I try to check out the parties before foreign elections
we had to be an excellent company then as our office didn't have this
My work contract allows me to use office equipment for personal purposes "to reasonable extent" and in law-abiding manner, with one specific exception: I can not use it for watching porn, even out of the working hours
Hrát na nervy (play on someones nerves) - be very annoying
In all modesty nothing less than "The Heart of Europe".
I do think people would look little differently on more "common" European name, rather than middle eastern one.
Boggles my mind
He just wants to be offended by something
Yeah, I know that one isn't *exclusive* to one country :)
So [something like this] is happening after all
Ah, good old GSV paranoia
I walk almost everyday through my town (from work, walking my dog etc
China evidently decided to use their economic power to force their politics to foreign countries
Probably Rožnov pod Radhoštěm, Velké Losiny or Písek [*literally translates to sand*]
That's harsh
Just want to say that the line above vowel isn't accent like in others languages but it means that vowel should be pronounced longer
In Prague (capital city) in the historical most expensive district about 50 sqm; close to 90 sqm in other good districts
(1) The Czech Republic is a sovereign, unitary, and democratic state governed by the rule of law, founded on respect for the rights and freedoms of man and of citizens
This makes him a threat to EU unity and to Ukraine.
oh I almost forgot that this word even exists
Slovenian is unintelligible to me, unlike Slovak or Polish
(but my brain still can't cope with how is anyone comfortable in sauna wearing anything)
Hungary is pretty fucked up
It was done by Chechens
Sächsisch odar nix
Bratislava
The EU banned them for pistols and revolvers in 1991
So how come there were people building their political careers through the christian party itself
I’ve met more tattooed, piercing-scarred or wearing people in Germany in three weeks than I have in my home country in my lifetime
We don't have any such law here (CZ).
Listening to Austrian radio was illegal, but lots of people still did it because it had music in English
Also remember that dívka means girl in czech And děvka Is a bitch
It follows the events after the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968, when a young student burned himself to death at the Wenceslas square to protest the occupation.
About one or two years late to score them positive points.
Beating girls with sticks and getting sweets seems unique
China sold us low quality masks and offered us vaccine with success percentage bellow 50%.
But if I studied "učiliště" (for practical teaching of trades, only 3 years, you don't do maturita and don't get highschool diploma, only "výuční list" and you can't go to uni with that), I'd end it at 17
When you look at european mythologies, you can see some simmilarities
Germany lost the war
( I count Czechoslovakia as our country being free)
Standard time (winter)
OP, imagine you meet a guy who came to USA on vacation from Belarus.
Not on the official flag tho
There is Czech localisation in a bit, all menus and interface is is Czech, as well as subtitles
If you want to see a movie about the assassination of Heydrich watch Atentat from 1964 or Anthropoid from 2017
You actually present yourself more as a target when you go with a tour group.
Beniiiiiiiiis :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Its not like the agents of the USSR actively gathered information or arrested for the direct benefit of the nascent reestablished KSČ, its not like they literally made it impossible for Czechoslovak administrators to reestablish themselves in the liberated Czechoslovak territories
Had it all planned, checked when it's opened on the internet and by calling the staff
But it is hard to tell if the federation would last until today.
Usually from around 15° C and more, doesn't need to be sunny
Edit: yes, you're right
5 - ěščřžýáíéúůďť
It wasnt so controversial topic lets say 15+ years back
You always have to change your shoes when you Come to school so you have a place where to store your shoes, maybe clothing for PE
Did he do anything brave or special that I don't know
Let this be a reminder that Communism is never good in any capacity
You probably know but anyway
For the majority including me, it doesn't "feel" right
I'm curious about your measurements of how language gets important.
I feel like not many people know/talk about this amazing friendship
Imported Europeans
But that's about the only branch where it might be worth.
It is the mythical land of spirits
I'm sure the terrorist acquired it legally right
Janek Rubeš and his Honest Guide
The issue is how you achieve that and there is great diversity in the actual systems
* John
I thought it wasn't yet decided what to spend the surplus on.
Toilets are of course preferred, but it's not a big deal when there isn't any around
I get it
Pragueee
You small
I do have commitments, but who knows how it will be in the future
Netherlands: A nice contemporary legends conference in Amsterdam
Conveniently omitting numbers 14, 15, 500 and all ordinals
We read Máj. My brother read Máj in the class and was required to make Máj analysis in 6th grade
EU citizens only have to pay a part of the full price, but it's still not free.
Can you give an example of such a meme
In US (where a gun violence has always been crazy high), it's probably pretty common for most households to have at least one
The car - D car
Slovaks buying property on the Austrian side: totally legal
Well it depends on what exact time period you mean
In these cases it really didn't sound like Czech at first, and even the word order was a bit off (when the wrote something) and also some mistakes in translation but yeah, can't really blame them hah
Trumps victory could be seen as a return to a real democracy in sense that people elected someone who was agains both democrats and republicans, without support of medias and celebrities a with half of budget of his main opponent.
I don't know anyone who would even consider buying one (unless it was cheaper).
Traditionally, fish aren't very prevalent in our quisine, like in most landlocked nations
I haven't seen this dish offered to tourists though
From our historical perspective, Munich is a hugely important point.
I'm sure about Czech, not so much about English - for example puff adder is zmije útočná, sand viper is zmije růžkatá, both means zmije here), mamba is mamba, grass snake is užovka etc
Our prime minister actually straight up owns like half of all mainstream newpapers, so that's where we're at
Not a sentence, but a word "krankenwagen"
That fact somewhat prevents it spreading.
In czech we have lidé for people in general and for humans as a species
Scottish Gaelic
The best way to refer to the country is just "ČR" but that doesn't really work in English
1/3rd of central european population dead
There were 3 days this week alone ([Monday] it was 27°C, [Tuesday] 26 and yesterday slightly above 25)
It's quite bizarre and a little sad
Gosh, can't believe how much energy and political capital was used by the EU to fight for this retarded system.
You are not
It uses very basic words "strč" put, "prst" is finger, "skrz" is through something and "krk" is neck
I think 2 on average would be generous, but maybe people near the borders tend to speak the bordering county's language.
as in pot-smoking)
Most places are in the historical center, some are in the wider center, but there is also a couple of places on the outskirts
People are not that warmed up for renting spare rooms yet.
On our school its a little more about philosophy
I think here it's a big hit or miss
"Demand action from your elected politicans!
It was snowing on Christmas Eve for the first time in years.
The thing is, (except few exceptions) we (my language) read every word letter by letter exactly how it's written
It is actually already an UNESCO site because of some some of these reasons
This is completely subjective, some of these are hard to pinpoint
Constantly reminded they are foreign.
The things you mentioned are more or less true.
At the time, our main enemy in the Middle East was Iran.
Kde borový zaváněl háj.
Basically it is a communist version of Gestapo
Definitely
There was literally a [scandal in 1947] which uncovered a [Moscow driven spy ring] trying to assasinate 3 non-communist Czechoslovak ministers and further sow discontent
It certainly helps to repeat these flaws again and again, until the noise drowns out the positives.
most probably, when buying cheese, sausages and salamis, meat, vegetables we always ask for decagrams instead of grams.
>  But even worse, there are monsters who server it with potatoes
What a bizarre fucking post, is this Europe's first attempt at copying Russia's propaganda
It's called [dolly zoom]
Our government actually sent a lot o decomissioned military supplies to the Kurdish militias for free and Turkey has recently arrested two Czechs for fighting alongside the Kurds (and there are confirmed to be more poeple who voluntarily left to join the Kurdish militias).
Problems are in the ghettos in the regions.
Czechoslovakia, a country in the middle of Europe, with no access to sea, has 100% naval battle winrate
I'm proud to be on the list
They still exist
Yes, Pálení čarodějnic
But, there are limits to which extend you might act.
German and welsh really similar.
" Slavs know words, germans are mutes
I'm a senior software engineer, but if you want a PowerPoint presentation from me, it's gonna suck
Vyspat se do růžova (sleep to the pink) - have a good sleep
The ever-present Trump jokes
Discount on out products (16-33 %)
I only learned about it yesterday and it kind of blew my mind
Yeah the state pension is similar to what we got here I think
Okay why didn't I find that lol
I definitely want to visit one day
Chechnya is pronounced "Chech-ny-a".
He is THE JOKE, we don't need to tell jokes about him
Coincidentally our AfD who is also anti-EU is strongest in those regions
I get that we were all part of Austria empire, but yk I think he is not austrian 'national here'. Sadly he is not national hero of Czech Republic either
Not all employers in CZ are assholes.
beside few exceptions, english only.
Now listen, these cities are both good looking in certain parts of the city, but there are so many ugly parts in those cities, that it almost outbalances the good parts
Only this week I've discovered this from a random video on internet
I love everything from Remedy Entertainment
We do have a pro-Russian president, that's true.
It’s nice remnant from imperial times, these courses consist of learning classical and latin dances and etiquette
I know
So I, Czech, watched french TV series in German language in Italy
In the case of PM, our president basically names PM and this named PM must form big enough coalition to survive the vote of confidence
I would go for Micheál Martin instead
We Moravians and our Silesian brethren would fuck shit up if that became reality.
It sounds like serník, which would derive from srát, which means to shit
In Czech republic, they usually sell fake weed (illegal even when fake but cops can't be bothered when everyone is doing it) or matryoshka dolls
I know a New Zealander who earns his living as a mason, living under the mountains here.
I mean I'm from Czech Republic the most atheist country in the world
In cities majority of people go to these courses sometime in their life
Yeah, it means the same here
Like when some terrorists from Chechnya a few years back bombed a public place and a bunch of idiots on twitter started going hard against the Czech republic
I often hear Germany being called “Říše” - reich/empire
Yeah that eastern European Union hurts me as a Czech
He was defeated by Russians in 1812.
Čáslav
let's be better friends within EU.
Yes, we've got this thing called the Council for National Minorities that represents interests of currently fourteen national minorities, that were recognised to be culturally, demographically or historically significant for Czechia
Also fuck Yorkshire accents
Kazakhstan,Kazakhstan, you very nice place, from plains of tarashenk to northern fence of jewtown.
Carlsbad ("Karlovy Vary" in Czech)
Mainly the "sídliště" (flat region) in both these places
I spent half a year in Lithuania and thought that the Lithuanian flag was everywhere
It's almost like some kind of inner dispute, they are between two shores: they want to be themselves but on the other hand they are still shaped by the strong local traditional environment.
I've been asking about how to translate *clusterfuck* to German for years.
Jammers were disabled so you could tune in to Polish TV and see some boobs or Hi-men cartoon
just say it, it can't be any more racist than us.
I mean, are protestants in NI ethnic irish who converted to protestant faith in the past, or protestants who came from Britain, or both?
It was quite disconcerting
. . .
Everything is Kalousek's fault
In our history classes we are taught about them in a neutral way - they're not pictured as heroes of the nation
Of course I know it's just a stereotype based on gopnik subculture, I'm a Slav myself.
Ebini :---DD
Or rather, I've rode it once in last like 12 years
I would also add that we have fairly stable public finances (debt to GDP ratio, the banking sector stability, the current account of the balance of payments has fortunately in the recent years also got in the black numbers), however as I said there really are plenty of other things that suck here, so there's really no need to envy us.
Unfortunately the same is happening here too
s - with
They still live like this
He's American, you have to forgive him.
And since Irish is not *that* rare it's not a good language for secret conversations.
And even in the case of people who do dislike EE migrants, you're right that to some extent, it's understandable.
There are good doctor and bad doctors.
Hence they invent bullshit technologies like hydrogen trains and solar-powered roads.
Europeans, have you got any traditions, customs, or carols regarding Three Kings' Day/Epiphany?
> EU Nations Are predominantly Christian
Vodníks in Čtvrtek's tales didn't drown anyone and help heroes and punish villains
I mean some places in the Karvina District are fine, but generely nothing special
Cons: sort of backwater with small-town mentality; short-sighted politics that can lead to deeper systemic problems in the future
I've just compared them by listening to them on youtube, and I must say that Scottish gaelic sounds more pleasant to me, in fact
I don't know what opinions he has and what he prophets to public
(these places I visit in asia have sauna outside and apparently all saunas around during my US stay were some undercover gay club by reviews)
Il start being worried when space x actually carry a single payload safely , so far it hasn't worked all that great
Most likely retired, arguing about everything, know solution for every problem, but never do anything about that
Afaik, USA ended up overpowering the Japanese anyway, didn't they?
Because of the checkered bit and what it's supposed to represent
Russians lose their identity extremely quickly and there are literally hundreds of thousands of highly educated immigrants from that country (most famous example is Sergei Brin, founder of Google - not to be confused with fake-Syrian Steve Jobs).
Iam not buying any cosmetics in game, Iam just opening free ones when i receive some
Quite important, if you ask me
You can't force people somewhere they don't want to go and expect the local poplulation to welcome them.
_ and it's foreboding
And among communist-minded seniors and boomers, it is Václav Havel, because he was a symbol of the Velvet Revolution in 1989
I constantly get confused by people's opinions and I can't say whether most people piss me off or whether I just see input from the loud minority
"Tvaroh" and "sýr" are both cheese in english but it's a completely different thing
Hell I'd make myself vote for ANO if that would prevent it
I only know Space Engineers, but there may more well known video gamеs out there
* FR: Mer~~de~~ci
Here in Czechia I have a McDo nearby and they announce an initial salary that I think I could live with
If I had to, I'd change it back to Bohemia
I don't know why, but it looks hilarious
It's a weird mix of german, latin, french, greek and others
Sounds like the standard operating procedure when you step on a mine: jump 30 feet into the air and scatter yourself over a wide area
Pretty bad analogy, uncomparable
He really needs that to go his way in order to
Please just don't puke and piss on our sights
Also Finnish seitsemän looks very similar but once again, there is no proved relationship between those langauges
We would lose ourselves to the big countries again
Slovakia- might be sustainable
Sorry, that's reserved for Bohemia.
As I see it, that's the root cause of all the growing anti-EU sentiment, because actors trying to dismantle the organization are free to claim it eats money and does nothing, and the EU doesn't bother correcting that narrative and educating people
Austria: Family gatherings in the outskirts of Vienna, pubs under trees and in vineyards
Same
The few people that think like that are not organized and are not a "movement".
Come and take it, mountain boy
"Ptakopysk" is literally "Birdsnout" in Czech and it means platypus
>it is silly to think they could resist the pressure of moscow if there really was a big push to do something
In Canada, the city decided to paint an LGBT flag on road
Slovakia
And after that you pay VAT and other "consumption taxes)" on gas, so you get ripped off twice or three times
Yup, I travel around 360 km as student and usually pay between 2-4€
I'm Czech
1993 after splitting Czechoslovakia
* Beowulf: total gibberish
That’s why I’m sure we’re fucked
Butter, Italian ("vlašský") salad, ham, cheese, pickled cucumber, boiled egg
It was more or less opposite as people were much more friendly than I would expect in such a big city.
Many Czechs incorrectly say "actually" when they want to say aktuálně in English
More like the metrics are skewed towards anglo-sphere schools
"I saw yellow bus
We make bonfires on April 30, children dress as witches, and in some places a figurine of a witch is burned in the bonfire
Janošik is thief and murderer
I also know some from Russia, but best ones are from Germany (Panzerlied, die letzte Kompanie, was ist des deutschen Vaterland, wo alle Straßen enden, unterwegs, der offene Aufmarsch and many many more)
Plus if you drive you can't drink!
It is also scary
Je vais te faire savoir que je suis diplômé premier de ma classe dans les Navy Seals, et j'ai été impliqué dans de nombreux raids secrets sur Al-Qaeda, et j'ai plus de 300 morts à mon compte.
I like that Europe has more extreme parties.
Except platypus - ptakopysk - birdylip, for example raccoon - mýval - literally "used to wash". Or sloth - lenochod - lazy walker
This gives them among other things a right to communicate with the authorities in their native language (with translators and interpreters being provided)
The biggest difference once you cross austrian borders are the roads
There is a lot of paths for recreational purposes but very little "useful" ones
I mean, yes, we can consider ourselves Central Europe/Northern Europe/Nordics/Southern Europe/whatever else, but do we really have such a low self esteem that every time a foreigner uses a term different from the one we use, we have to go all butthurt over it?
When somebody mentioned one of them, I just thought they were speaking about regions
For some reason, my non-Czech friends have always liked [Čechomor - Proměny]
On water and snow yes, but like when you are hiking people(and me) usually say dobrý den
Also you don't need to rebuild brick and mortar house after a tornado, because it fucking survives without taking too much damage
Nope, you would say "Mr
Here in Prague I like Victory day piety acts - People in my country are not so patriotic, but some people including me are on Vítkov hill where soldiers and president remindering all czechoslovaks who fallen in WW2.
Imagine Nokia reacted correctly and in 2008/2009 came with its own good mobile OS and started releasing "modern" capacitative touchscreen smartphones
Prodal by plešatýmu hřeben (he can sell comb to a bald guy) He is so convincing that he can make everyone like thing he talks about
Some activits changed the president's flag for giant  red shorts, and the President burned them few years later
Then there are lots of archeological digs from that point on.
It's very rare, I don't think I know a single person who has one
But I’d say the most important factor is using the language to do whatever you are passionate about, rather than revising grammar or being good at languages
> using magic technology
How would you like to do that
There would be another defenestration I suppose
Lichtenstein - I find funny that their southern Moravian estates were bigger than Lichtenstein itself
A building from 1880 would be just a default building where I live, whole area was rebuilded during 1880-1910
I would be surprised if it wasn't.
If we were both in the "Eastern Europe" category, how would we justify looking down on all the Ukrainians, Moldovans, Romanians and Bulgarians we use for underpaid labor
So why would they make such an unpopular move
No need for any solution when you realize it's been happening since the dawn of time.
Right now I am just finishing up my bachelor's thesis, which I don't need the school for
> using magic technology
If Germany didn't just offer tons money to everyone who has their asylum application rejected, then you would not be having this problem in the first place and you would not even have to think about restricting borders with countries like Serbia.
And going to one to sit and chat while drinking coffee is also pretty common, so I am not sure what you mean it's gone.
Joint custody as is usual with divorces
better bank rates as it comes to interest on savings accounts, interest on loans, mortgages, credit cards, better exchange rates, better card benefit programs
I have never seen so many divided Americans until now.
Too many idiots think that the economy is somehow supposed to grow (and pensions along with it) during a global recession
Correct is Czech/Slovakia
Dusík-N
Now I drink only handful of times a year
Our Easter celebrations, apparently
Well only because it was you vs the world basically (I'm simplifying)
Of course this isn't a very good metric of which country it's better to live in, but still
We need a truly decentralized platform where people (and yes, that includes Russian and Chinese web brigades) would be able to share disinformation, fake news and other questionable content without any government intervention
Best subreddit, hands down
At very close range, it doesnt really matter
Dunno, was too drunk to listen
I'm don't speak Polish either, but from what I do understand, Finland is "winter Germans" and Italy is "The pope is also German?".
I thought she was something like PM’s personal assistant/secretary
I think we'll pass, Slovaks would get a bit nervous
And you are
It doesn't answer the question.
I was going to write the same thing in the comment but then it felt kinda long.
Slovakia: Walking in old mines that looked almost like Moria
Welcome Bulgaria
If you told that to us this week, we might laugh at you, too
Exactly
The most well-known is probably soft contact lenses, courtesy of Wichterle
If someone calls us Czechian, it speaks more about their general ignorance than about our choice of Country's name.
Matka
It's against the popular belief, but most of the victims of the witch trials happened (1) not in medieval times, but in late renaissance and even in relatively modern times (1600s, some even in early 1700s) and (2) not in Catholic regions, but Protestant ones, like in Germany, Switzerland, and even England, Sweden and the US
I just don't think it include low mobility like  laird
* Right-wing opposition (4 parties) is talking about forming a coallition for the next parlamentary elections (our D'Hondt coefficient is really harsh and puts small parties in a great disadvantage)
What does Mafra has to do with press freedom
Luckily they didn’t kill anyone, but the temporary fence around the library became kind of permanent
We use billion this way:
Not us
Definitely not 50%. Probably some wishful thinking by the British redditor
4 - we drink the most beer in the world
And that's all I can remember from the top of my head
However, since there are almost 50 countries in Europe, I mostly have a shallow understanding of what's going on there
Well, what about all the unemployed young people in Spain?
interesting, it doesn't work in opposite way.
I’d take Babiš over Trump anyday
I went trough a phase as a teenager where I drank like a 1+ litre of milk every day
10, because the morning usually had some of our electives so everyone's schedule could be different
Great summary
This would make any kind of spread including possibly butter masculine too
I don't understand
That just means operations in those countries to subvert local democracies are not finished yet
that's really unfortunate because [pasta was growing on trees] but the Nazis took away all the forks
Below 10C I usually wear somewhat thick hoodie and below 0 thin hoodie + jacket and gloves or hat depending on the temperature
), easier to remember
* polarography
Thirdly, a lot, and I mean A LOT of bikelanes are level with the sidewalks and are only separated by a slightly different pavement tile, which makes them extremely easy to miss
However, if you can point me to a scientific agency in Europe that provides their data openly and freely to the entire world it would be much appreciated
kar means cock in a bunch of other languages  as well :)
Because of that, I don't really have a reason to borrow books in the library, but I'm still paying fees and going to read my books there
Most Germans just come off as condescending and slightly arrogant but it's not by a lot and it's well within norms
Černík publicly distanced himself from his previous support of reform
We can still analyze music consumption a bit further though
If you looked closely you'd see that the site is doing right, because it's not scaling up shapes it's distorting them properly.
We need diversity, real diversity, like distinct cultures, not a unified multi-culture, a disgusting, tasteless blend
Pes - pejsek (dog
In Czech Silesia, we sometimes joke about wanting the rest, which is now in Poland, but it isn't really national joke
Bad:
/r/BrandNewSentence
Good question
propably, I'm from southern Moravia but I will ask my friends if they know it or if it is just Jeseníky thing lol
I have to dissapoint you, it wasn't
Both countries have plenty of foreign uni students, so you don't have to worry about being the first or the last to go this way.
With a knife, ideally
If tere was a common EU project of nuclear power plant like France had for its Messmer Plan it would have been much cheaper, faster and more safe.
This graph shows generation, not consumption
I live in a small town in Czechia and I think it varies
Dad was speaking Czech, guy was speaking Hungarian and none of them cared, mostly, because they were both superdrunk
Our wikipedia is pretty huge but the quality varies a lot
So it was us who invented the EU in the first place!"
No it's not "changing a letter here and there and then its like a handful of words". That's why this whole thing is so complicated to have a reasonable discussion about – everyone thinks they can do it, but they really can't. I've seen and proofread texts written by Slovaks who can speak pretty decent Czech verbally, and they were terrible at writing
I'm not gonna judge you either way, I just wanna know since I honestly love it here
You keep memories of him and he has special place in your heart.
For example:
They do important work here that czechs dont want to do, they study
Actually the Geneva Conventions have prohibited it for like seventy years by now
(Also pinging /u/onlinepresenceofdan)
This is not their problem to fix
Yes, like this
Maybe it's different nowadays when laptops are more prevalent in schools
Děkujeme vám - (We) thank you (pl
That's what bolsheviks said
It was never easy for the ordinary folk there.
and my hot extends to 35, after that it's too hot
Diplomacy can help trade though.
But of course you'd have to approach other people to talk to them, so there's that
>Obviously Swedish people comes in all shapes and colours and sizes
By the way, the correct pronunciation is ["Check-i-ea"]
In the end of the video, I am like :Granada you can make it, stay strong girl.
05 here
"No data" color should not be that close to the max rate
But we do use "fašista" (a fascist) and "nácek" (a nazi) as an insult too
look at the restaurant fronts, think why they are offering sicilian dishes
Curious
It's definitely on my bucket list
Southern California (SoCal) is a must.
I was always jealous as a kid, when I heard that school started at 9 in other countries
What would even Russia get from them?
For me it's the most common mean of transport after walking
That's what we used to when we were like 15 and didn't have any money.
By Taranis and Teutatis, these climates really are crazy
(not an expert in VPN, just thought it might work that way)
EU brings you freedom to move around it’s countries
My friend camped whole night before shop to get socialist clone of ZX spectrum 8bit computer - they had only 3
Goose is traditionally eaten on St
I don't think many Czechs care about European population, if it doesn't concern us directly, we usually ignore it :-D or we argue about it over a beer, but that's usually it
Recently biathlon gained a lot of popularity, so who knows what will happen in 25 years when Jágr retires from the NHL?
When I read this sub it seem to me EU means more for you than for us
Its main hall is amazing sight
Weirdly, my family's refusal to teach me how to cook because I "would make a mess" was coupled with constant moaning how I'd be one day completely lost in the big bad world because, among many many other reasons why I completely sucked, I "couldn't even cook". The skill was supposed to just somehow be divined into my brain without inconveniencing anyone
See the black "ghosts" around the top of the poles for example
On the other hand, USA is where people with very valuable skills are typically paid the most, therefore attracting world's top talent.
But eventually using the short name *Česko* became normal.
A Czech who finds beer horrible tasting, I guess
State of some literally doesn't allow speeding unless you have no regard for your vehicle
Though the terms are overlapping in practice, there are semantic differences.
Even those people who don't eat mushrooms will go out and scavenge
0/3
That is wonderful idea
Go visit it now while it's not overflowing with foreign tourists, it might be once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
Forgot most of them, because I don't need them
And [these] Christmas cookies
In that sense, Brexit felt like a more serious matter
Well yeah, of course, Czech politics in general is not exactly the most cleanest.
We have an ongoing argument here (sort of) about whether "Vlasovci" (the soldiers around Vlasov) were Nazis or not
*Chodíval* is the last undoubtly Standard Czech expression, *chodívávat* is somewhat borderline but used pretty frequently, another more standard variation would be "byl chodíval" but it's basically hardcore archaism today.
I guess Russia
Karel Gott
That was 3 days after the election was called.
yep, even worse we have a fuck ton of memorials as well and no one says "Well I can't visit the CZ because there are too many memorials for concentration camps
Would switch it for a nice house somewhere outside of the city in a blink of an eye if I could tho
When I imagine dog shit smeared where little children play
But it makes that feeling
I don't mind sweet, but I vastly prefer salty, or even better cheese flavoured
NATO should make clear it is not insurance company for lunatics
ambassador to the Czech Republic.
Their voters will come to the elections.
That doesn't make them the same word
Although I was more worried about matte black Mercedes G with tinted windows and AZE plates tailgating me once
You have to be more subtle
Bulgarian stallion
You might know about it already, but is a route planner that gives you information on what sorts of tolls/fees you'll pay.
Train tickets, Brno-Prague (~200km) starts at 4€ for adults (low cost, most seats will be for 6-10€), plus there is 75% discount for students and pensioners
Those things are very different in the USA, so most of the post there aren't really relevant for me
The once "steel heart of the republic" is now trying to shake off its "sooty" image
And here I was in another thread, complaining that Tesco stores are inconveniently large, because it takes like 2 minutes to walk from one side to the other
But my german is very bad *shrugs*
Given usual tranquil and pastoral character of this sub ("my country in winter", "my country in summer", my country in ...) I thought that the cattle / kettle posts were mods' effort to take that to a higher level and shield us from dangers of the outside world.
You can come any time if you let boss know, but normally people come between 7:00 - 8:30 and go home after 8 hours with paid 30 minutes break.
About 30 percent of Czech export is to Germany
I also disagree that the EU is essentially toothless here.
I visited Finland in 2013 (absolutely loved it) and back then I thought that Finland was one of those utopian countries with pretty much no problems
Watch Prague honest guide, they’ll inform you the best
Maybe one of those is the thing you mean :) Fried bread and garlic is what we call topinka but it's not really sold on it's own, it's usually served along meals like beef steak tartare
"Yeah, nah"
The assassination of SS-Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich
also there is plot, it means fence
We trusted our western allies, ( looking at you France and Great Britain ) only to betray us at Munich
Absolutely alien phonetics, strange writing system (vowels are there
CIA waterboarding, Guantánamo and billion other things we dont know about.
We had Přemysl Otakar I on 20 Czech crowns note but its no longer used
Brno, our highest court is there and also to piss off everyone in Prague
Prague is Budget Moscow, Vienna, Sofia, whatever city you name...
Didnt even get any cross country skiing in
Running the web scraping script got me temporarily banned on alexa.com.
Yeah, for example we Czechs intentionally weaken our currency so Its better for export, And we export majority of products to Germany
The ignorance towards HIV in Russia is shocking.
By Taranis and Teutatis, these climates really are crazy
this guy above you is just deluded...
What point are you trying to make and why ? Quite obviously those are not hard set borders of regions with same culture, they are just very generalized regions
It IS quite controversial
Including food, souveniers, transportation and especially historical sites
It didn't have any strategic location and it also didn't have kitchen and any well, only rain water collector
In Czech olovo is 'Pb', 'Sn' is cín.
3 usually, Red, green and knock off red Chinese apples that I am allergic to that cost twice the price both of the previous ones combined
I wonder when they express their support to people from Mosul.
> Stabbing somebody requires you getting up close
That comparison doesn't make sense, EU is not a country and doesn't have to pay for the same things as countries do
What did you say that it was perceived as speaking on behalf of all other cultures
what weird aspect of our culture are we up to here
He also thought Czech Republic is an island
Yeah, snowed yesterday in prague
I had never known I could fall in love with a city
Considering the fact that Czechs have elected a permanently semi-drunk Trump of their own (Zeman), you shouldn't be surprised.
They tried to catch on Voat but it just didn't work
It stayed during WW2 (the events of 1938 and after had been declared unconstitutional and the legitimate government continued in exile) and was replaced in 1948 by the communist May Constitution, that codified the hold over the country by the Communist party
Also there is a nice air base nearby
It's currently 23° and I am pissed
Damn
Yeah couple of kids skipping school are not gonna change that lol
(Sources vary) richest country per capita in the world but in EU's eyes you are still a shithole :((((
Chimney sweeper grabbing is still popular as well.
normally, I avoid everything that is not Hellman's... any other Polish food tips, outside of krowky
I grew up in a small village in Moravia and I still technically live there so I get whipped every single year
I saw some statistics from the US and US policemen basically hit 1 in 5 shots at ranges above some 7 meters
That shows that Karel Hynek Mácha was indeed a genious linguist
It means: "(it) is a rule-making exception
Also, the children look at what used to be their home village [where's only an open field with several remains of foundations today]
We also have Eš (between Tábor and Pelhřimov)
Weird, in Czech, 'hvozd' means deep forest.
On the vack side, there is a post code by the painter
After the post-WW1 Temporary Constitution, 1920 was the year the first "full" Czechoslovak Constitution got adopted
I dont understand the way of thinking of LOT of europeans, hell sometimes I dont understand thinking of my neighbours, how do you expect to understand a separate nation that evolved for some centuries separately from european government?
When we received coronavirus support from Taiwan, he didn't even thank them
Because given the average income, taxes, exchange fees and such, it easily gets more expensive for Europeans (especially Eastern countries) than it is for Americans
I don't think it's much of a thing anymore
Now when there's snow again, I'd only get corona on a bus
The billboard was crowdfunded by british people
You mean if we know if a new word is masculine of the feminine
also r/UsernameChecksOut
Byl pozdní večer – první máj – (It was late evening – first may)
> copíi = children, but cópii = copies
Zmije in our language is specifically a viper
Don't you dare take it from us
And during winter it can be dark by 5-6pm, while in summer it's still pretty bright at 9
These are the most well known and instantly recognizable monuments of Prague
Lukoil even paid a large fine for Nejedly’s firm after a failed fuel deal.
"  -DE
Did they "lose" their documents so that they cannot be sent back if discovered as fraudsters?
This is a case of technology moving forward far quicker than human conceptual thinking
Otherwise I'm not aware of any specialty shop in my vicinity
>Cz
Alas, there’s no better word encompassing all three regions of the country and Czech republic is a tad long
With exceptions, of course
They're utterly unsuitable for that.
All of them, to be honest, but the surprise that the Hussite Wars were a thing is by far the most egregious
While we were living next to each other for more than thousand years, we've spent most of that history in separate entities, even during the final A-H division into Cisleithania and Transleithania.
Quick, spin up the Earth the other way!
just stay away from us and we are okay!
bad East is anything but an "Eastern" invention, and the Western European insistence that it be used, a generation after the end of the Cold War, does indeed raise some eyebrows over here
I think they saved my life once, when I was lost in a fog on a mountan ridge in Iceland
Imo the hyphen thing is a bit nitpicky, it'd be extremely difficult to confuse to two
If that's the price you're willing to pay, Ukraine would probably become a much better place to live at the cost of the NATO coming a lot closer to a direct confrontation with Russia
Even though he had a Czechoslovak citizenship until 1934 he was still a German
When I was a kid, the Disneyland could have been in the freaking Atlantis for all I cared, I just knew I'd never visit it
It is best to express strong emotions with your back to the audience
The greatest country on Erf
Came for this
, protože si ho rádi pamatujeme jako skvělého císaře, ale jeho syn Václav je v učebnicích jako IV
Isn't Jo Nesbø popular everywhere
Yup, been to Znojmo underground and it's pretty cool
It will fall once the strong population groups move beyond fertile age
And if we'll go by historical developments in science, rule of law, human rights etc, it's not like we were the only bastion of light in the world, Arabs and China come to mind.
If the actor speaks well and tries not to speak with his accent, ok, but otherwise no please
This didnt mean, that their differences suddenly vanished (even though, a lot of work has been done to unify both parts during Czechoslovakia).
Włochy -> Italy is a pretty big one too
Although later, the stopped caring
>Beneš tried to coup the government in 1948, the takeover by the KSČ was in some form a "counter-coup"
Israel's biggest problem right now is that talented Israeli citizens are moving to countries that are more developed, mostly the US.
Yes, many people say many nonsense here.
Not if you're a Hussite (vozová hradba intensifies)
Long spoon
His son Wenceslas aka Charles IV did tho
Don't forget the inspiration for croissants to go with the coffee
50% is too much
A Pope is head of the Vatican City state not because he was elected head of the Vatican City state but because he was elected Pope = bishop of the diocese of Rome.
Not because of terror threat, but partially because of decreased comfort, yes.
Yes and this good to bear in mind for most Slavic surnames
Please don't call us Czechoslovakia.
Living in downtown, working in downtown.
Well I guess it's your business how you decide to approach it, but don't expect all other women to feel this way as well.
On the other hand it is couple days ago I've read total nonsense about how health insurance is paid here from fellow Czech
I think that would be acceptable
When you're unemployed/child/retired/student the state pays it for you
If you look at name of Czech Republic in dozen of other languages, It's usually very close to Czechia
GDPR ️️️
When I stayed in Scotland, it took me three days until I started to understand things and I was at C1 level
I'm always too distracted by his hair to actually think anything...
For comparing countries, you can look at:
, podle českého číslování - myšlen je poslední král (bez korunovace a z podstaty závislosti koruny na císařském titulu) Karel Habsburský (1916-1918)
In Brazil you cannot carry a gun and getting a license is hard and very expensive, yet Brazil has a huge gun crime problem, way bigger than even the US
Is there a food that you love and is a "must have" for you every time you visit some country?
11 and 13 were the plan all along
They respected me for some reason
It really depends on your first language
I almost thought you are serious until you mentioned "everything is White Americans fault"
Also "prdel světa" meaning "ass of the world"
There is still too much disunity within the EU to get anything done.
I'm not the one you asked but since I have a similar view, I'll try to give you an answer.
Same here
I feel 0 connection to Dutch people even after living there for years
It was not enough to prevent him from being forced out as prime minister in 1970
Just FTR, the original Comme d'habitude is by Claude Francois and English lyrics are by Paul Anka
Russia and China have our far right/left and our president in their pockets
The school curriculum is to my best knowledge everywhere the same
probably polish or slovak since we have a lot of people here from there
I was there last summer for couple of days and it was perfect.
*cops jump out the ambulance* bet ya didn't see that comin'! Tear gas time
Yes, "the same, but different" is a great description.
But that doesn't say anything about nationality
With all respect to voters intelligence, you just can't expect that common people will study international treaties or complicated legal documents.
> there are guns used and are (semi)legal in countries like Croatia (where I am from), Switzerland etc
Very fun tradition :)
But they buy our stuff
No one is ordering in grams here because such an accuracy is is impossible and demanding it would be a Karen thing
It's quite easy to pronounce
isn't eu parliament consisted of MPs from every country?
Very mixed culture, EU, waffles, fries
I too love this book
Sadly experienced this while visiting our company's office in Düsseldorf
There Is a famous memed scene where little girl asks: don't you mind I'm 12
Absolute Chad
I'd say 2-4/10 smoke it
Even two of Barneys' sons who we still see regularely and who are now full-grown adults are not as big as him.
and they found it "somehow" offensive lol
Nobody died so far and the floods are already over
Sometimes there's a sign "Permanently reserved for regulars" or generally you just know
It isn’t for people from Czech republic
The South Moravian one expressed regret occasionally about the expulsions, saying it ruined some villages
Overpriced food, scamming taxi drivers and exchange offices, kitschy "street artists" on the Charles Bridge, souvenir shops full of ushankas with Soviet emblems, private museums of wax figurines or whatever that have nothing to do with local culture
They are just really easy to slide under the quarantine doors
I don't really care about that TBH
I don't think a party that solely represents a single minority makes no sense.
Sheit
Well, thats what happens when you take pride in anything or ideology too far
I have no typical small talk question.
* CZ: Děkuji
For typical one
3 min walk, 10 min metro, 7 min walk
I like the drone footage of [Lyon]
What is there to complain about?
Yeah because UK left the EU
7 years is not enough to call this justice.
I see what you mean
Neither eastern or western but central.
6 - šest
I checked my bills and unlesss I missed something it would appear that you are right.
Not people forget themselves in left lane or ignorant blocking left lane but Germans start overtaking car hundreds meters before it is necessary, not willing speed up so you have to simply slow down when actually both of us can overtake that truck without anyone need to brake down or speed up
I love octopuses and seafood in general
"On the sixth day of this month, we arrived in Prague
(even though it serves similar purpose of stressing out that you're talking about a particular thing)
“ instead of the Bohemian „Jakje
Not politicians, but customers too
Edit: And now i see you live in Finland, so you should understand what i am talking about as suomi has pretty similar pronounciation as czech
You can start with learning how to spell the word correctly ;)
It feels more practical than English, often has shorter sentences, less (though longer) words and it's my native language afterall
Some bigger American events creep in from my subscribed subs from time to time, but only to tolerable degree
And slavic comes from "slova
is Eastern Europe and 2) NEVER say any other country has better beer.
I remember that translating our country name was needed at some point
Socks in sandals
1 hour + to my school, then 3 hours to Prague, then almost all the mayor sights and attractions, 2 dispersals and back home, all in 1 day
I was just saying that perception indexes in general are not the most reliable form of empirical research.
The length of vacation is set by law, so it's pretty much same for everyone.
Kynuté knedlíky (leavened d.)
Literally no other difference except for the name.
A lot of us are just happy with the way things are, and almost all of us are very unhappy with the way the EU is trying to change things
and there is usually German police car parket at the place where D8 highway turns into A17 but never seen them doing anything else than stopping trucks from time to time
Host in czech means guest
With a ["big Škoda"] filled with everything, if there is still stuff, we return with the same Škoda and pick up the rest (when moving)
> You celebrate dissolution of Czechoslovakia on New Year's day
Yes, almost everyone is send away for 2 weeks in summer
Church has helped to murder around [60 000] people, mostly women, accused of witchcraft only in Europe between 1450 and 1750.
Someone should correct me on this, im not the greatest czech at czech
Since I'm living in dorms, I meet people from every corner of the republic and sometimes I understand Slovaks more than someone from my country, but we always find some way to understand each other
because there is simply nowhere else to put them
Nonantola IT
Specially when you're from a country where this is not a cultural norm.
Nazi gold in Switzerland
By your way of thinking, most of the languages in the world are useless (incl.
It literally means: "I fuck drugs into the toilet"
If a woman takes her top off while sunbathing she will generally be the only one in the group or she is prone (face down) in which case she is not actually showing anything, she just doesn't want to have lines from the straps on her back
Germany: Německo ([land of] mutes)
While 1993 is the birthyear of the current Republic, it is very far from representing how old the country is, which is at the very least  822 years
We'll criticise you enough when it comes to facilitating tax avoidance
And the little stand-alone units are just shit and still expensive
It's possible that gay couples might be more open to that.
Yes, that's how it is pronounced.
Jako císař je pochopitelně I.
Dejvice from dej více - give more
Even if the weekend was 4 days of the week, knowing that you "have to" go to work on a certain day, even if you really don't feel like it, would be crap
Obviously, I have no issue with its medical use
Mattine IT
Yep, Houska
I don´t want see communist Minister of Foreign Affairs or even president.
If you're Italian, you're allowed to
I really expected some Clockwork orange jokes in here
We don't really have black people in the sense most people know the word so gypsied take the honor as the darkest-skinned group of people living here
Yeah and Czech cows go *bů* [boo].
Bramborové knedlíky (potato d.)
They prioritized their strategies and policies due to such huge material and human investments.
Yeah Cunttown sounds better
I don't even know who Shulz is.
But most people could clearly see how our standart of living rapidly increased, our scientific and cultural achievments, societal progress, while being integral part of HRE.
I remember that when I was learning German in school I refused to call phone "Handy" because it sounds ridiculous
Czech word for vaterland/rodina is "vlast" as in vlastenectví=patriotism
Pilsen ("Plzeň" in Czech)
5 hours), but there is another \~30 minutes waiting time which is in total 5
French, Spanish, Russian - other languages don't seem very important or I already can speak them
That's some lazy statistician work.
Bread had to be ordered, and 3 hour long lines for ham or chicken were the standard shopping experience
Yeah, I'd support high speed railways anywhere
Now, it's money source for some doctors.
If it's well made, it's not as hard as vodka, but fruity and smells wonderful, and you can drink it at room temperature without any strong "kick". Really hard to come by, though
That would be an ambitious project.
ATV: "čtyřkolka" (four-wheeler)
Sauerkraut is indeed very popular here, both red and white cabbage, both mild and strong one
Well liberation day is celebrated on this particular day
Yes, "Česká Republika" (Czech Republic) is the offical name of the country.
Unfortunately, my friend put it on and did the Heil
There are cheesecakes, macaroons and some other stuff
Especialy Ironborn were an absolute mess because of this
Do you think you know more about our history than we do
I already addressed your point about randomly sending something to Italy/Greece without first making sure that Italy and Greece are on board with this solution in a different comment.
Filtration system a marvel to behold it removes 80 percent of human solid waste.
However, these are not articles in the same way as in English, German etc
Chinese tourists
Yep
Is it just my app that I see stars instead of your comment
Data taken from
There are few of them, usually rotundas (e.g. Old Pilsen or St
Ostrava: Ustí nad Labem but worse
Compared to 250,000 in a much smaller country, thats hell of a lot less
Not just in sports
When you go to doctor, the doctor either has an agreement with the insurance company (the better option) and thus you don't pay anything, or they don't and you first pay it out of your pocket and then file a case with your insurance company which will pay it back
That we hate church because of communist regime
Otherwise they are western Slavs in all but name, imho
Same words (just translated), but different melody
Only if it's from the Carroze region
Vltava is heading to Elbe and further to Germany.
I love Pisa
It does greatly
The problem is, that eastern countries sell components to Germany, where they are put together and sold with high added value.
You need a form so they can register the gun
But in the end we all know who's got metro and who's got black dildo on the main square
I'd say
[Czech Republic, January 2016]
I love our borders, almost all of our borders are natural, formed by mountain ranges
People, intelligent people, around me still claim it’s all overblown and hysteria
Yeah, doesn't seem to go away, does it.
Just last week a group of Czech tourists was camping in Slovak mountains in a place where it was forbidden because there were a lot of bears living there.
I miss Danish hot dogs
Our PM is the corruption incarnate
>work of the Czech communist party
If they do, we'll recognize them as an independent state.
you seem to have gotten it right
I'm not sure what you're asking.
I constantly get confused by people's opinions and I can't say whether most people piss me off or whether I just see input from the loud minority
Five people
I mean third time's the charm, isn't it
I would say that it could be one of these three:
I'm beginning to suspect that these people are just trolls making shit up to see how far they can push it before everyone looses their shit.
Yeah, but compared to a magic goat...
LOL
Terry Pratchett almost did just [that
Good, two mums or two dads are much better for a kid than no parents at all.
and some Danes never return home]
Not only Eastern Germany - Czechs have also many things in common with Bavaria - for example they have Baby Jesus (Christkind) as a Christmas person same as us and Austrians
Here's a real [example]
It's definitely on my bucket list
Cars are more visible in traffic mirrors and there's a clear distinction between which car is moving/operating and which isn't. I live in an area with a lot of unclear intersections, some of which use multiple mirrors, and cars with unlit headlights are basically invisible in them up until the last moment due to the terrain etc
I agree
I genuinly believe he doesn't give a fuck about politics or EU or muslims or his voters, he is in it for himself only
A nice gun on a nice Tatra truck.
First you said there were no soviet agents, once presented with abundance of contrary evidence, you start arguing random semantics
There is one sense in which I consider Brno a village though - and that it is that everyone seems to know each other
Now the building looks very flat, all the detail just blends in
Neat, we have the same thing
Wut
i dont know
Before they closed down all the mines we had in my region we used to say that if you don't study well you will end up working as a miner
I live in the Czech Republic and see this cars occasionally and when I think of it I see it occasionally across the whole Europe.
Are there some parts of Poland where it Is normal to eat horse meat ?
All my ex-boyfriends were +1.85m tall and every time a guy approaches me, he also tends to be taller than me.
I thought Saint Peter had that privilege
no, because football not the sport number one by the audience, not even second
>He had realistic chance to implement some sort of lasting "goulash socialism"
What about Poles appropriating the whole PLC history?
and then after expectable backlash, lady Stokeworth once again - and every other name that means something ended up this way (except the main houses and names like Tarly etc that doesn't directly mean anything)
Polish - 75 %, if they speak slowly enough; the meanings somewhat differ and archaic words switch places with the normal ones between the languages quite often, but I presume I could hold a conversation, if both me and a Pole speak slower and pronounce carefully (I heard a full lecture in a museum in Polish, with my teacher translating somewhat, and halfway in I needed the translation only with certain words)
Ok it makes sense then
Song about tracksuits
well, I post here about every day, so I might as well comment on the new rules, maybe someone will care.
GSM 733 xxx xxx
I think you don't understand what a good public transport means: Metro in Prague goes each 120 seconds in the time of maximum traffic and each 10 minutes in the time of minimum traffic.
No, parents in my country take it as a competition who will scar the child psychologically the most
no we don't shift holidays, both may holidays are saturday this year
The internet is available only for
Czech(oslovak)s with the backing and orders from Moscow
IN THE FIGHT BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL, TRUTH AND LIE, YOU CANNOT BE NEUTRAL AND YOU STAY GOOD !!! Therefore, thank you for your support !!! If you do not believe in the humility of our candidates, or if your candidate feels uncomfortable, or if you lack a representative of your community or town, and you have the courage in this war, the People of Good with the ruling People of Evil destroys us and fundamentally change today's DEMOCRATURE, HIDDEN TOTALITY and HIGHER ORIENTATION, CANDIDATE FOR US !!! Contact: Select Right Block [www
Moravia, historical land/region of the eastern half of the country
You know we do something right when all the old scum, left to right, criticize these protests
Shitty places or places where only alcoholic drinks are served will probably refuse, but fuck them.
oči, uši pusa nos
I don’t want to play that game of who was in worse situation but to make it clear Czech was supposed to be suppressed be German when we were a part of Austrian empire
If you want to do it at range, you need practice
[votewatch
[New prime minister kissing his PR head-of-staff after election results were announced]
she even predicted before the war what is going to happen in Syria
I don't understand why you should push a private pub owner to have separate rooms for nonsmokers.
-Velkej Kápo (Comedy news)
That was actually amusing
Hey fellow Czechs
It reminds me of all those long summer evenings around bonfire, roasting sausages and singing
If you go along road, you can see in field, every 40cm there is a hole to nest
You're putting your own petty personal preferences above Poland's national interest.
Yeah, it's kinda funny how cheap travelling by public transportation can get
There's also some good indian, chinese and thai stuff
I hate to tell you, but Czech Republic is closer to German way of life than the Russian or eastern European
All I know it's Montgomery
And rn the president is kinda pushing our country towards more of a presidential country, rather than the parliamentary one
That would take effort and this nation is too fucking lazy for that"), but we still vote for populists and communists and blame EU for everything bad (eventhough people would flip out if they stopped them on border of Croatia for five minutes while they were going for their vacation)
I was living there for 4 years like 5 years ago, so I know the city well
Kids were sent to schools and industrial revolution was kicking off
For all their speech about fighting terrorism they sure as hell didn't mind having ISIS on their border for a few years and having radical islamists fighting on their side
It is Florida of the Czechs
Phone lock screen    horde logo from world of warcraft
Yeah, the connection, albeit weak, probably exists, but that particular trend was a result of something rather emotional in a particular time period.
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
I think I even use French wikipedia more than Czech wikipedia
The crash site area was in hands of pro-Russian forces and there was no active fighting in the area.
Capitaltard destroyed
But there is also a word like spát (means sleep) which is pronounced sspat with the a being long again
Or something
Guess Babiš will literally have to come to people's homes and steal money directly from their wallets to make people wake up
NATO will remain relevant with UK active on European security matters.
Joint custody as is usual with divorces
(2) The Czech Republic shall observe its obligations resulting from international law
I think they're pointing out the fact that they first come here and then (at least) some of them claim how the religious-based social systems of the countries they came from were so much better and so they try to remold their new neighborhood partly along the one they came from.
A party town, lots of great night clubs
Also a Czech word for mayonnaise, just so that things weren't confusing
I love how 2 out of the 6 are related to infidelity.
But at the same time, it tends to be a passive, non-personal kind of reaction, i.e. people feel uncomfortable, but largely don't ventilate it on specific Asian/Black people
All i am saying is that even if 20 % of Minsk went to protest, this means nothing
I am interested in rest of Eastern Europe, are there any data
Here's the fucking catch
We are not talking about languages here
So there actually are snakes in Ireland
*Cool, I was there*
So it feels very versatile
(I don't know the specific prices but it would be something along these lines)
Can't be stressing our lil' bro
It was so big, that it is a meme for like 5 years
Saint Nicholas (svatý Mikuláš) visits kids on December 5th, accompanied by an angel and a devil
20 - dvacet
*Laughs in Holy League*
I know german one with lyrics (even few older ones), polish with lyrics, slovakian with lyrics, soviet with lyrics (russian without lyrics), british with lyrics and french with lyrics
Rohlíky
"), yet every time Brno is mentioned in national news or reddit or elsewhere, the discussion is always full of Praguers making fun of Brno - and it's usually clear that the last time they were there was at least 20 years ago (when it indeed was much more shitty), if at all
According to legend, there is a hole to the hell in the middle of the castle
He is a awfull human being, but thanks to him, we are not Ukraine or Belarus today
Having it no, having it on the wall inside not really if you are sport fan (my brother used to be a big football fan (meh, soccer, ok
Get fucked
Definitely not
For me it's below 10°C during longer stays outside (let's say 30+ minutes)
Name should be selected from an approved list, i.e. random names can't be given
He influences public opinion through his media
They rent them lousy housing for unreasonably high prices (they even embezzle state subsidies directed to Roma) and force them in to few locations.
So then it's kind of pointless to argue whether it should happen or not when we have no idea how it should even look like.
It used to be mostly ceremonial position here, but current president proved that constitution can be bent, and that he can cause a lot of damage
that's hard to compare, because the Holy Roman Empire thing was a while back and it's hard to re-imagine into modern times.
As it takes the data from openstreetmap, it does work for the entire world
I visited Vienna once for a day
Did you forget where you're from my dude
Exactly
45 EUR per day including accommodation, that could work.
Basically everybody connected with monarchy was forgoten
On the other hand - there WAS a time when it was possible to secure itself from Russia - in the 90s - and a lot of countries took the opportunity to do it
This whole Western sphere deal isn't as much fun as I thought it would be.
Doesn't answer why geoblocking is still tolerated.
I feel like i’m the only person who actually likes carp
People watch Pelíšky literally once a year, my guy
A Scottish friend of mine said that Scandinavians can pretty much be considered native speakers, a lot of the time
Wow, now I see it does make sense
To be honest the smell of the mushrooms drying is something that disgusts me for a whole month after one stops collecting, because in a normal apartment, there's nowhere you can leave them
Czech Republic acted in the same way and refused to recognize Liechtenstein
Wheres Prague
We are one people group and we have one language.
Billa used to sell absurdly cheap (20Kč?) sekaná v housce
Sexist
It was something that we could return to post-WW2
I really like how arabic sounds
And considering they already were fished out the ponds long ago and sold in huge cisterns, starving for who knows how long, packed with all the other carps and then taken home most times in plastic bag and in the end, they are lucky if the person is actually able to kill them quickly and on the first try
"...plebiscit**o**m" is not czech, not mentioning the lack of many accents (to the much dismay of /u/AzorGetHype).
On her Twitter tho, she claims that she speaks fluently
There's an unsettling trend in Czech pubs lately that if you ask for a beer, they ask you which one, which is really an unnecessary delay if you ask me
Seems to be decreasing with the good economy lately
Italy is playing too big to fail, but it might turn badly in the end.
People are usually asking for our BEER, CARS and MONUMENTS (mainly in Prague) or why are we so atheists
Cool
Hon, hon hon, the french have some interesting stuff.
There are many other interesting places, but the lonja is magnificient
Nábožná indeed means religious
No, she didn't lose entirely because she is a woman, but it was a "problem" for great number of people.
Really
Not sure if Kowalski is proper Polish surname, but it definitely looks Polish to me
One
The Auschwitz is ugly, but is, unfortunately, a pinnacle of most bad trends in history, a representation of persecution, industrialized killing, prejudice, corruption and complex social organization that allowed it to grow so much
I mean
We do, but we were germanised for a long time, so normally we say Dvacet jedna (twenty one) but you can say jedna dvacet as well
Thats nice and where are you from
hehe
It's more seen as tradition than anything else.
I feel kinda embarrased i can't think about anything for czech rep
Fight for your nation polish brothers
I dress accordingly in army surplus clothes
We do have such objective criteria for this around here
For example, when "a" conjunction is used for merging information period is not used
Life here is not horrible you know
Damn that classico one sounds cool af not gonna lie
My vote and my heart goes to Italy.
Jeez
Its called Protivín, adjective “protivný” means something like hateful, but the name originated from a Duke Protiva, who was the first mayor of the city
x % of 0 is still 0
Just because someone might have said that 250 years ago means that nothing has changed since then?
You know what's even sadder
If the name is very uncommon, you may need to prove that it's actually a real existing name and get an expert report that states that
"Mléčný bar" was pretty popular during communist era here
Lichtenstein is #1 enemy for Czechia
It's a parody of a political party "ANO 2011" that is currently in charge of the government
kvetoucí strom lhal lásky žel, (tree in blossom lied sorrow of love)
I would not underestimate deplatforming
That would mean that the current figures should be 10
Yeah, they're basically "workers".
I hate them
Well
In fact, the only slightly awkward conversations I've had with someone abroad about history were with Russians
I'm not sure but I don't think there's any in Czechia
That's correct
I can spell better in English than in Czech
Prague dialect sounds kinda gay
don't gives a single fuck about the other side, thus they don't remember Trump's name?
I am talking about architecture, culture, etc
Láska = love in Czech :) gotta love these false friends between our languages
We have state (rather low) pensions for 100% of our people, tuition-free universities and healtcare with lowest co-payments in the EU.
Look at Britain now, I hope that these antifacists are proud of themselves
You do, actually
It's Sorbian, western Slavic language in Eastern Germamy.
But why is the English name so special here for sake of comparison
I don't think I have ever seen any around where I live.
Which imo is a bit troubling in an engineering uni
Pasina IT
We have our own Bohemian deck, vastly similar and coming from Bavarian (south german) deck
what happened to old minister
Modern Czech is usually harder than old Czech, except for some exceptions
Surely England is not as evil as you purport it to be
it isn't that hard although not easy
We are one of the few European countries to never elect a female PM/ President
I watch them with my grandma
I want them to feel to be the nationality of the country where they will have been born and where they will grow up.
TIL Greeks are dwarves
It's all definitions, politics and "agreed upon lies"... The fact that Arabic and Chinese are considered one language but Czech/Slovak and the Scandinavian languages are independent is a proof of that
instrumental | vodou | vodami| wodą| wodami
thanks for writing this
A lot of people either love it or hate it, everyone here has an opinion on it
P.S.: We can understand Poland little bit, but Slovak language is like Czech language and conversely
I understand that unlike other countries you are likely to be active in the relocations.
Similarly with Serbians
don't fuck with us, we [defeated 3 crusades]
a = and
I've heard anything from: "Your language sounds like a mix of French and Swedish
I don't know about you personally, perhaps you're far better, but I am speaking from experience
even the linked article above is from 6 months ago and it is about a recent journalist trip to see what is happening in Russia over years
- Blood types
I think it's a combination of lower prices and the country shape somehow gets to their hearts, I guess.
I was exactly same as you at exactly the same age
So are traditions relating to Masopust and Máje
Well, there's many centuries of history in Eastern Europe displaying active antisemitism
That bearded lady was from Austria, anyway
In addition to seven grammatical cases you can distinguish five genders in Polish
A hurricane will easily demolish a brick building too, especially if it has more than one floor
Latvia should be Litva
Why is their "small coffee" so huge
There is no attention given to teaching about dialectal variation
Thought that cause of african poverty aren't Europeas but, and I beg Africans for forgiveness, Africans
They are [third] so no, they don't.
) followed by the Ukrainians, Vietnamese and Russians
That's the best day of the week, isn't it?" "Yeah, totally." "Yeah, totally."
They both liberated us
It might be there again soon enough.
Do you have any idea why is it that you, Latvia and Lithuania always end up looking like one area on these kind of Eurostat maps?
Because at that point, it was already beyond repair
The pub my grandpa frequents does this with smoking
My body is probably trying to hibernate or something
On the other side of the spectrum is Finland
I heard it in Czech dubbed movies
If you want to revise history, it wont be kind to Russia at all
The coins were called joachimsthaler, which became shortened in common usage to thaler or taler.
I mean, I'm afraid that most Czech have at least heard about this on the news, but they would agree
Besides, from my point of view American spelling is less fucked up
If you mean "theoretically, if you are going to meet this animal in a ring", then probably wolves are
I've read the lyrics
Then there is midnight mass in church, one of few religious rituals that somehow survived
Poles could probably explain this way better than I can, but basically there are many conspiracy theories around the crash of the plane with the Polish delegation saying that it was in fact an assasination by Russia and that Tusk was involved in the cover-up because he wanted to get rid of his political rival.
I don't think they are descended from Czech tribes, we just don't know the name of the tribe that settled in the area.
Lol, really what the actual fuck
>my reply to an Austrian flair
We were (again) in the middle of a conflict with Poland
Also fuck Yorkshire accents
By puberty, your thymus atrophies
Sounds like when you can also use anything else than "and" in english version, or or just single "and" would sound very odd is the case where you probably should use period, where the simple "and" do the job you don't.
I am planning to move to probably Ukraine
I wasn't organized enough to have color-coded folders or notebooks, but I colored in my timetable with somewhat stable colors
Oh so everybody forgot article 13 (now 17)
EDIT: typo
I can just come to the local PD tick one or more of the boxes with reasons im authorized to own guns for and its done
Like, the rectangular building was split into even rows od offices, and only the ones on the edge had natural light -- and the company was considered quite friendly to the employees
If it did go down like that, it would be a glaring success on the Communist side, as many of them (and Communist police force) still sit in the Parliament or other government institutions.
So that gives us the third option, which I left out because I was trying to be polite.
Oh okay
Well I don't know about all Europeans, but at least in my country I would say that the vast majority of people are totally ignorant on the topic, most are vaguely aware that there is a conflict between the Israelis and Palestinians and that's about it.
...how
cz] which provides more detailed road infrastructure, outdoor map with hiking trails and winter map with ski routes; all of that available for other countries (mainly European)
After all, any Spaniard can move to Catalonia without permission and then proceed to vote in the (potential) independence referendum.
Slovak use priateľ/priateľka or frajer/frajerka (it is from German Freier = suitor).
I feel like Bratislava is mostly ok with the rest of slovakia
Slovakia was far worse off under Hungary (in terms of development, support for the national culture and language, etc
Because CIA is so trustworthy organisation and never ever lied to American or world public?
I’m not really sure
Czech language really is hard but it can be learned with a lot of practice.
The Czech republic that allows people to own and carry guns has extremely low gun crime, basically all of it committed with illegally owned guns (and even then the crime rate is very low)
Bother to support that part about legitimization of their actions with some sources
There is early dinner (4-5 PM), then the gifts are unpackaged, and everyone watches fairy tale ať 8 PM
And at the Soviet invasion in 1968
You can smell it in every kitchen and on every outdoor market
I mean
If anything, it's more like not drinking any soft drinks
Happened a long time ago
We elected him in a purely democratic way
Yeah, I'm sure you're never wrong, scholar
Ah, the famous "Yummon". Or as we unofficially call it "Mňamón".
Well it really looked like it won't be, the protestors got a lot of media coverage, but in the end, there were only a very few of them there.
But, the problem is, that they don't want to come!
I've heard this said about Beethoven, sure, but why wouldn't Austria claim Mozart?
It's something "typically American" and it's not much common here.
My eyes hurt so bad
How about stick with what has been here for the past 25 years?
You can basically travel anywhere across the country for 1€.
Well yeah, it wasn’t 100% fair, but sadly vast majority of czechoslovaks still wanted communists in charge
I would say it used to be more common up until maybe the mid-2010s, then it started dying out
I'm sure linguists have a more specialized term for that sub-category
**European Union Gets:**
It's really good, but I have to prefer Nutella.
New jobs will be created and overal level of prosperity and weath will increase.
Ostrava used to be a little town until the industrial revolution kicked in
(But in reality, I just like oversleeping lol)
You sure
The real snowmobile
There's underground bunkers and many tunnels
French, Spanish, Russian - other languages don't seem very important or I already can speak them
Yeah, many people here feel that ČT doenst deserve the funding either
It's mostly things you don't think about
[oh jeez]
Swedish man: *erection*
I would say large organizations that like to tell you what to do too much
Skyscraper
Sadly, I think this is the only way to keep the language from dying out, which should not happen to such beautiful cultural heritage
I really want this
Baby Jesus always did
There are also some turkish soap operas
Yes, live in a cool house built with thick brick walls
Can they just fuck off
There was movement like this in 19th century
But nationalism means putting your country's interests above the interests of other countries
Sounds like a loss
magyar nyelvben is also pretty clear, "in hungarian language".
taxi drivers, exchange offices, fake monks, fake deaf people, people changing money on the street and giving you expired russian rubles instead of czech crowns
Seriously what the fuck
Nine one OP
(Czechia) On my route of bus when I was in secondary school (I'm 20 now) we were saying 'Thank you' to the driver
In Europe, [tilting windows] are the norm
I, too, have no idea which one they mean
Looks like we made it
Well I get what you're trying to say, but wasn't every catholic country a project of Vatican at some point?
Guess who is he meeting today
It was my first time to Brno, And we only went to the mall
Money
even though now it's kinda fashionable to give your kids rarely used names to make them more "unique"
Bratislava
They aren't only historical
Barely
Like burning in fireplace versus burning in the boiler
The biggest enemy for Europe is Europe itself and its tradition of divisiveness, populism, protectionism and spitefulness between each other.
The young ones are prone to radicalism and easiest to brainwash, unfortunately.
One of the main concerns in Czech media during coronavirus outbreak was the debate whether we will be allowed to visit you in summer
I think it is more surprising, that she was so surprised.
Watch out this spring when the devaluation of czech crown should end ;)
Bulgarian for me is on the same level as east slavic languages - I can understand only isolated words, it's quite different from other south slavic languages - or from all slavic languages for that matter, Bulgarian is pretty unique - when it comes to grammar at least :)
He will probably wonder what happened to Czechoslovakia, the state he currently loves, and I will try to explain to him why it was doomed to fail from the beginning and that Czechoslovak nation was bullshit idea only Czechs believed in
Ahh, today i learned
Yeah, nursing staff can be rather harsh and inexperienced, though that seems to be more of the fault of the system around it
When somebody I don't know (CZ here btw) starts small talk with me I usually just politely throw some generall agreeing responses their way, smile it off and get out as soon as I can.
Brand
Always have been
Been offered a transfer there, but I kind of like being where I am now :)
I know I'm going to get downvoted because people here are liberal and think women should be able to do whatever they want with their bodies, and I agree of course, but there is not one good thing about living in a country with disproportionately enormous number of sluts willing to fuck for money
By far the most common reason is to improve the language, English being most popular.
Also S and Z
But that's the fun, and you better shouldn't sneak any schwas there
Most Serbians are naturally hostile towards the west due to balkan wars, Kosovo and nationalist propaganda.
Vamos a la Slapy
On a more serious note, there is a good Czech documentary about the life of a neo-Nazi
Just find some oil to sell and youre set
Ehhhh, I literally don't know what you're talking about
And I think they raised it to € 11,700 this year so it's even more
But when It comes to Ice hockey people usually paint them on their face and also wear scarfs with czech flag
Interestingly (from what I heard) us Czechs are generally well liked in Poland, while we generally tend to really dislike Poles
But the "Christmas since October" is really annoying
Look at BRICS and Shanghai Pact.
Thanks
It doesn't make you a human with an injury but more of a broken box with something rattling inside
And what in fact is to be "modern" in West?
I studied in Oulu too, you'll not be disappointed
Byl jste někdy v Budějovicích
Fuck that, anything over 24,5 Inside and I sweat like a mf
In a way I wish somebody would pull of fearmongering ("they will close your Kauflands and Lidls and you may face shortage of the medicines that keep you alive" on those boomers
Maybe the StreetView photo is somehow geographically blocked
She was stopped on the street by old women eager to speak in Czech they still remembered because they learned it in childhood
Exactly the reason why that idea was criticized, it doesn't make sense in a parliamentary system
In fact coal plants irradiate the enviroment far more.
Their exploits in Russia have single-handedly won us our independance (not kidding)
First that came to my mind was smrt=death and zmrd=dickhead, it might not seem that close to you, unless you know that S and Z are pronounced almost the same in Czech
His wife was American
Like
I will say it again, this is awesome even more for me as I got only a good experiences with Dutch people.
I don't really mind
This is connected with another tradition which is more of a ceremony where the last year students initiate the penultimate year students
And then it's up to your definition of atheism (how broad it is) whether there is a majority of atheists or not.
France has 35 hours instead of 40 and it seems to be working fine
Germans introduced potatoes by german way, they gave an order
And this meaning does fit for Český Krumlov
they had to come from some countries, right?
People in Central Bohemian region would still live in Central Bohemian region, Ostrava would be at roughly the same place too
Balkans end with Slovenia, Hungary and Romania
As head of state
Also, my personal observation is that Slovenians look a lot like Austrians, not like Bosnians, Serbians, Montenegrins, Romanians or Bulgarians
OP: My name is Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz
I have visited Slovakia many times but I’d say the only interesting part is the Tatra mountains, which have worse services and same prices as the Austrian Apls
A whip
I don't know if I've ever had octopus that I loved but I have no problem eating it
School starts at 8, periods of 45 minutes and 10 minute breaks between them, after the second period ther is a 20 minute break
That's why we need nuclear
If we're going conpletely by contemporary administration, then the year would be 1969, the year in which the Czech Socialist Republic was established as Czechoslovakia was federalised
>A surgeon in the UK at a London said that gunshot wounds are at least twice as deadly as knife wounds and more difficult to repair
In Futurama, French is a dead language like latin
Not only that they were a Bohemian Crown Land up until the war of War of the Austrian Succession, but Bohemian and Silesian nobles were historically on good terms and Silesians were present in the Bohemian kingdom relatively abundantly, in slightly lesser amounts than Germans according to estimates
Yeah, especially since our languages are quite closely related
I meant the people
People usually only know them from some jokes
I will say "What the fuck are you doing here, I have no kids, go away
Ordinal numerals are also declined in Czech, but in the written form you put a period behind the digits, that's the grammar
I am sharing my genuine experience I've had when visiting Amsterdam, and you saying "ur wrong lol ur just stupid" isn't going to change what I've seen there
That's hardly a majority
A bit of everything you can see in this thread, the company I was working for was British with British management, no one really forced US office works in this way, they set up these rules on their own
they are from the maghreb and near east, so the focus should go there I guess
Czecho-Slovakia just before the separation)
Native porntalk is so cringe
Same shit, different day
Just give up
I think it will end in 10 years
Love the Italian countryside, especially Abruzzo
Its nice
It's obviously not, that can has simply been kicked down the road and will have to be opened at the end of the transitional period (prediction: it'll be full of worms)
[Jiří z Poděbrad] husitský král.
As a child I loved books from Finish author Hannu Mäkelä about Mister Hoo( *Herra Huu* /  *Herra Huu saa naapurin*  /  *Herra Huu muuttaa* )
I've been to Vienna atleast as many times as in Prague, since it's closer to my city.
I mean, just look at them:
Only way I can notice i am crossing a border are signs warning you that you are and maybe a difference in road quality
Why
The thing is Prague natural environment is very diverse, it has bit of this and bit of that, actually it would be a perfect place for natural park if there would not be a city already
But they're mostly representative of what the older generations think about attempts to remember the post war events
In Prague we have managed to combine the drug dealer park with the pigeon-owned Central station into one beautiful complex nicknamed 'Sherwood'.
There is a significant brain drain of medical personnel as a lot of doctors and nurses leave for work to Germany but the demand is partially compensated mostly by nurses fom Slovakia and Ukraine.
Vikendy map literally means "weekends" in czech
It should block only if you are from EU, so if you connect through VPN it should think you are from US (or some other country outside the EU) a let you upload and download
It's about cross-border recognition of same-sex adoptions.
Third, security, pretty hard to explain as this is covered by MasterCard or Visa itself, my card was cloned several times, money are back on account available sooner than bank and MC/Visa are able to issue and deliver the new card but...
Its going to hurt, especially countries like Germany as we create common fiscal policies, but it is the only way Europe will survive and prosper
It's definitely a vibe
Oh yeah, that's definitely true and occasionaly irritating
Please, just stop with this "Western Europe is turning into islamist shithole" narrative.
Pray tell, did our banks also help the USSR stay in power for 70 years?
In theory, you could choose to vote or not, but if you chose to not vote, you could be punished
But you changed two letters
It's not necessarily true that Austria has the most adequate punishment set in their system for raping a minor.
in the Czech Republic we use ''Mám tě rád'' which literally means I like you.
How is this relevant to breakfast ?
I'm aware and should indeed be called on this for accuracy's sake
Good urban planning is intuitive and doesn't require being on high alert 100% of the time when moving around in a street
It was made in 1969, but only got released after the revolution and my god for that time it's got some amazing cinematography and shot composition.
Than there's also Český Krumlov with beautiful castle, and gorgeous centre, gorgeous Karlstein and magical Lednicko-Valtický Areál.
No more potato dumplings
Upper Sorbian is close to Czech and Lower Sorbian to Polish.
In the Czech Republic, you got 75 % discount on buses/trains if you are a student or senior
It doesn't have a Czech name, probably because we don't use it much.
It isn't a controversial statement, of course they won't say "only certain countries should be allowed to join".
If the groom has good friends, they even put him in house collar
Not entirely the same language but we've got a few with Slovaks
We could also cut down the "blatant communist propaganda" then there's gonna be no news and all is fine!
Do people really not care about their pets
Well I knew that it was used and had similar meaning in other Slavic languages but I didn't know it existed in other non-related languages like Hungarian too
Very much recommend
Sure, I have described what is most common
Thats about it
In Czech you pronounce things as they are written
Thanks Germany
Absolutely
Sure, but I happen to own 100% of one company and slightly more than 50% of another therefore me and my bank account are directly affected by that.
There are some gender neutral names but there's not many of them
Lots of them
That's a very proud song, even upon hearing for the first time and knowing no Russian
[Česká soda] - it was a satirical show of Czech Television in the 90's with absolutely insane politically incorrect black humour mocking everything, mostly politicians, other shows of the channel, and commercials.
It's easy to look at it from your perspective, you didn't live during that time and didn't have to suffer
) and hand out a promo package of tampons
Essentially everywhere except for towns and cities
There are things that I miss a lot, even though I have zero motivation to come back.
Now in Czech, it's not actually Vladimir Poopin but instead Italian man Franchesco Serruti
After all, false advertisement is a thing anyway outside of the terrorism business, too.
[Rudest word in the universe
I also do believe that this phenomenon only works one way - there are very, very few Slovak songs and movies that I've ever watched
However, we have also "mléčný bar" which offer a little different meals
Are you offended
In Czech you can do a similar thing
Well, that's a whole another level of complicated feelings)
He's a goldmine when he speaks by himself
The Prime Minister is the one with executive power, who chooses the ministers for their cabinet and actually governs the country
I would never do a job where it would be my responsibility to get a phone/laptop/certifications/whatever
The same 10 day period applies here
To clarify for others, the names are Jan Lucemburský and Eliška Přemyslovna in Czech
Put my body into a very stable orbit around Earth/Sun.
That feeling when u live in the same country but it started snowing in your town 3 days ago and noone noticed
They shoot the planes down or refuse them a landing spot amd a war begins between the EU and the state in question.
And the wooden ones are easier to rebuild afterward
I think it would be easiest to just link the agency I went with - [Chernobylwel.com]
Mate, you're hilarious
Yeah, maybe
That Pirate Party is actually funny for me, here, they are the 3rd strongest party in the parliament
But what about the EU and Euro?
(But we aren't TOO small and don't have too high mountains, but we have similar culture and living standarts)
Wait, I'm Czech, never mind
Five young people were shot dead
je vévoda bavorský, zvolený jako protikrál, když chtěli všichni sousedi roztrhat Rakousko, protože Habsburkové jako původní rod vymřeli po meči otcem Marie Terezie (Karlem VI
hmm [smørrebrød] looks like ours [Chlebicky]
For better understanding: We wouldn't produce that growth without Germany
Not in Czechia, I’ve seen very few and none on people in higher positions and respected professions
I mean lot of Middle Eastern muslims look not that different from Spanish, Italian or Greek people and those are not disliked in the Czech republic
Are you going to do the same for Kuril Islands or Kaliningrad
It is considered a capital crime for which the only punishment is death
Sorry Germany, but we really need that sea
Good luck in the future
basically just major events from this
He didn't say that the star in the apples is good health, meanwhile when you end up with a weird cross it's, well cross on your grave kinda.
He refused to believe that there was something like absolute zero (-273
Depressing that nobody seems to mind in this country
In Czech, that's the standard phrase
In case of coalitions, it's usually leader of the party that got most votes out of the ones in the coalition (usually the biggest one
Not that there is anything wrong with it, I just don’t see a huge difference
if it is going to shutdown shame of our country like Ulozto,hellshare and similar services I am fine with it
Our current president Miloš Zeman:
“Padají trakaře” translates to “It’s falling barrows”. We say that when it’s snowing heavily
And Hermann
And I thought we have premature Christmas when all shops start selling decorations in November
Electoral college, two-party system, both of those are rubbish
Surprised Pikachu face
And then again when I saw it on my bank account
I saw some statistics from the US and US policemen basically hit 1 in 5 shots at ranges above some 7 meters
In every major municipality (sometimes they cover 2 municipalities) at all times, there is at least 1 police car patroling around with heavy firepower and Kevlar equipment ready to respond to threats even before the swat team could
An example that comes to my mind is Kateřina Jacques (she's a politician and a publicly known figure)
In fact the anschluss was peaceful because 99
I think it’s basically just you, us, Finns, Croats, Ukrainians, Belorussians, and Lithuanians of the big nations in Europe
Well, we might be getting a couple more reactors but the whole thing is moving too slow
> The irony being ***we gave*** Scotland an independence referendum and are still the bad guys
r/Europe will get the boot some day just like the_Donald did lol
If somebody doesn't listen, instead of saying "Jsi hluchý?" (Are you deaf
Yeah, maybe
He went to a pub (they are closed now) after 22:00 (absolutely forbidden) and he was photographed getting into his car without a mask on (also forbidden since his driver was around)
Because Czechs *understand* Slovak, but can't *speak* it and definitely can't *write* it fluently, which is what I was hinting at
I speak Czech (so basically all slavic languages), English (Pretty well I would say) And a bit of German And I have to say english is the easiest of them
First of, you can look up [patronymics] \- these occur in many European languages
It's already happening under our own nose when the Chinese "invest" in European companies, while in reality their only goal is to export the technology ASAP back home and shut down the European competitor.
Or "Jak myslíš" (As you think), which has the feel of I don't agree, but won't argue anymore - but also doesn't indicate that I at least accept
I met extroverted Finns, funny Germans, pretty British girls and even Spanish people who could speak English.
That would make them a top tourist spot
They need their lesson
I'd say when we look at European history as a whole, it's generally the Balkans region that gets shafted the most
ODS hit bottom hard in 2013 after their coalition government failed miserably due to corruption scandals, incompetence and complete loss of trust.
They radically reduce UK branch (couple of hundreds people off) and in fact I was hired to replace UK guys.
Not specificaly from my country but I just love it: "Here's to the nights we will never remember with friends we will never forget."
I do have commitments, but who knows how it will be in the future
But I usually buy coffee in McDonald's or Czech version of Starbucks because it's much cheaper
Claiming that every other country officials were 100% puppets of Soviet Union, therefore their decision is "understandable" is highly misleading and it is said today only from good manners and also to repair relationships
it always gets me pissed when reading some article from UK about "Czechs" who did something unethical when these "Czechs" does not even speak czech
Pass read as [pa:s]  means belt
Four other Warsaw pact armies invaded with them
Who else drinks hornfuls of mead?
Everybody lobbies for Green energy but solar and wind are shit
Looked quite ugly, sorry, there is definitely more to explore
I don't think Vienna was very big at the time though
yeah sure
Who was that person and what planet were they from
Russia and Turkey, what a surprise
This has the potential to really change the whole internet
I guess at least you will less economical consequences
Really cool to see this kind of development in this part of Europe, I feel like Czechia is hilariously behind Poland in this aspect
It’s pain in the ass when I think about the stuff they got in Scandinavia etc
And there’s no way in hell she got only 7 %. Wtf
Should have go dressed as Trockij
I think, we will get closer in certain ways in EU, it's inevitable but we won't be US-style state for very long time if ever
I have no understanding of Polish language
It was snowing but didnt lasted more that Hour
Anything that doesn’t harm anyone or is permanent is allowed
But if I've learned one thing, as an atheist, it is the very important realization that almost no Christians today believe in God as a supernatural being or take the Bible literally
Austria- well this is wierd
Who gives a shit about how well it works as long as we get to keep the economic immigrants out of our territory?
isn't going into sauna nude expected everywhere
My personal favourite is The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians
Many programmers really love this about the Czech keyboard because it is really simple to write {}, <> etc
I guess our restaurants have milk for cooking too, but it is not on the drinks menu, so no one ever orders it
Here I was thinking, that is pretty brazen for a sandal maker.
You can with minimal to none backslash criticizes your government or politicians
My theory with Euro is simple, discourse about currency is a an echo chamber which is very hard to turn in opposite direction once it is set
I gave up totally, it appears that no one is using the schoolbook "le for dative, lo/la for accusative". Some always use le with people, in some cases I failed to find any logic behing the usage at all
" then like German, but not only accent would be much worse
People will think you belong to some kind of subculture and might treat you as such
The camel was gift from polish king as thanks for help in fight against germans.
I have been to many of those places, but concerning that particular claustrophobic old water system where the woman disappeared, there is no way I'm going in
*mě* vs *mně*
Basically if youre a decent human being able to uphold the law, know how to safely handle a gun, and know the gun law, you should be able to pass
Not every church necessarily has historical value, it would be unrealistic to maintain churches in every single village if so few people ever go to them, but the major or unique ones are definitely treasured
There is gonna be election this year, doesn't look like much will change, maybe it's for the better.
So if you have time where you can look funny for a couple weeks, Def give it 2-3 months of growth
What does he say
Isn't using the "new Europe" term reffering to how Rumsfeld called those countries who opposed the Iraq war "old Europe" whereas those who supported the war were "new Europe"?
I recetly started learning Dutch, would you recommend me some Good TV shows or movie please
We built our own shelters, cooked our food and collected firewood and so on
It's inevitable
"/"Have you got sticks up your arse
Is parsley in Austria super strong or what?
some people would pronounce the D hard
Why can Hungary have ,,hó" and Czech Republic can't have ,,sníh"?
Is it actually legal in Norway to own guns like hangun
And the same people like you then rant on reddit about how peaceful of a country you are and all you do is just for defense purposes against western oppression.
Who says we can't live on sea
I meant legalising it has no negatives
Where are you from
Yes, let's legalize it but only for people above 21 years old and with increased punishments for being high while driving
Russian extremists ,,attacked'' our embassy in Moscow
The biggest difference is between Czech language and Moravian language, but you can still understand what that talk about
There are even speculations that he was gonna replace Hitler at some point
you mean Romanian dentist Nicolae Teslateșcu?
Berlin, Leipzig, Hanover sounds cool
I’ve met more tattooed, piercing-scarred or wearing people in Germany in three weeks than I have in my home country in my lifetime
Also an active /r/Europe poster.
everyone who spend here at least one week :)
I dunno it has definitely various outcomes if you look at current religiosity of other countries formerly in the territory of Warsaw Pact.
snih
I have problem with distinguish Ukrainan and Russian
Silesia, no one would be able to stop them since no one knows what they are saying half the time also the dust and fumes from Ostrava would cover any tracks of an uprising rather quickly
The CCP now: pwease domt open museum UwU
As a student you should absorb as much knowledge as possible.
Or you can use [rock and putty] in demonstration
Yeah
I don't suggest nuking Russian paramilitary forces, I'm saying theory of hybrid warfare makes line between peace and war extremely blurry and basically non-existent.
I'll try to read it, it seems great.
frustrated about our politics I just remember Trump and US and I suddenly feel much better about my tiny little country
I’d avoid Brno, it’s one of the better cities, but there are plenty of more exciting places in our country
I also follow Britain and US, they have good drama over the Channel / ocean :D plus EU studf
We are not in the middle ages
Sooooo.....gib euromonies plox.
There is definitely some leakage of US politics into British though and there is talk, especially places like reddit or the media and FB groups of boomers and millenials but its too broad
Since when memes represent reality :-/
From his point of view, no one is angry on the Germans
Amazing atmosphere and so many people, I was proud to be one of them
Sorry, we want some sea
I'm not sure where you got those name translations, but they seem pretty incorrect
In school we teach α
As Czech, I do not know if "Eastern Europe" insults me more than having one state together with Poles
He clamied to be Czech, he talked to with his children in Czech
Attitude toward further development of the EU into a federation
However, I have briefly talked about it with my family and some friends who are not that interested in tech and they mostly said that they do not like it
They couldn't find one, **one** guy who thinks Irish is not needed?
We are used to it, so we dont see it
* *Je mi u prdele*, lit
* **Dejvice:** 1/3 old underground/dissident musicians and writers who spend their days in stylish pubs, 1/3 higher ranks of former communist army, 1/3 Russian spies
Brno is a joke itself
the time when your microwave will go after you
These are the people we should want in Europe!
No wonder they don't understand me.
How is 80kmh even physically possible on that without rattling your brains out
I hate to tell you, but Czech Republic is closer to German way of life than the Russian or eastern European
there should be -la
I thought the same at first, then I realized one of the avenues next to the historical center in my city is named after Roosevelt, so I guess that falls under that
Very big, pretty much always the most watched sports event that year.
Charles University
Actually, preserved skulls of early Moravian Mojmirovci and Bohemian Premyslid dukes are typically gracil, round and pretty feminine.
[this website] is a finder of language schools that offer integration courses recognized by BAMF.
As well as Constitutional Court and Supreme Administrative Court
However, I guess the worst thing that could happen to you would be the officer telling you: "Mr./Mrs.
No, rattlesnake is chřestýš, viper is zmije (or is it adder
Who doesn't love buying Russian stuff in a completely unrelated country
It's horrible what is happening
I'm shocked
>you're jealous of the sea
Empty one of course, what am I, an animal
This is less visible because after all, we do have alliances with other countries, but the sentiment is the driving force behind us putting our eggs in as many baskets as possible in terms of security and the main reason why the calls for us to cut our alliance with USA most likely won't be heard
Just a clarification that open carry for self defense (southern US style) is not legal
my vote goes to the [giant black dildo in Brno]
Ask your judicial system if you experience voter intimidation, broken treaties, anal bleeding, or sudden loss of rights
I don't know, if that counts, but I agreed with their program, because it looked doable, so there was little chance of empty promises
So we would start off with a bloody riot over whose beer is better
Or, it takes one to know one
Yeah these type of people can spend their whole day in a truck and when they come home, they play ETS on their triple monitor setup with direct drive steering wheel and a racing chair and what not
What's in your head
If retailers really want to do that, they can always list their prices in whole crowns instead of that X.90 bullshit
To Slunce a ten Měsíc. So the Sun is "it" and the Moon is "he". The Earth (ta Země) is "she".
And having private camera overlooking public space is illegal
From one countryman to another, I just have to ask: do you actively dislike our country as a whole, or do you just have a feeling of not belonging (being apathetic, I guess)
Second one I see as student bread and end up with that black bread I know from Nordic countries and Russia and I hate so much.
Our police arrested Kurdish politician on Interpol warrant issued by Turkey, but he was released and Turkey doesn’t like that at all and accused us from supporting terrorism
Demand for international travel is much lower than the domestic one
wait for Czech
With my background of educated middle class, relatively good health and general inclinations preserved, I suppose I would turn into a naive romantic historian/archaeologist/folklore collector seeing remains of our glorious Slavic pagan ancestors everywhere
Depending on location
Even low hanging fruit count
Yeah man they compelety fuck us over, both of us
Roads
Now of course in normal case the corpse is moved to empty room
It’s the capital of the south Czech region
Only Soviet army stayed
However, we keep our total population around 1O-11 mio for over 100 years already
They did it in WW1, they did it in WW2 they'll do it now
But I agree with you that with Austrians and Germans there is a bond
Translating Czech to English is usually fine but translating English to Czech is sometimes very hard for me even if I know exactly what that sentence means
And nobody knows how to defend themselves against it, when (again) nobody really cares about anything by now
Would you feel comfortable
Also maybe Ateliéry Bonton Zlín, but those don't exist anymore
From what I understood it's very difficult to make any research as it's still sabotaged by locals.
About [this] Left is from outside so no need to lock yourself
The smallest unit could be a sovereign state though.
The joy of spring mornings
Zeman also met with Pirates, much more dangerous extremists
Please help :(
Can you help me with an anniversary present?
Visited the UK/US store today to try some of the stuff I read about on here.
Just to clarify, goosebumps are cause by invountary muscle contraction, not skin.
[Hi aanzeijar.] Your [comment] was removed because it broke a rule.
We have so much different way of solving and going through things
Why are you even trying to discuss about something you know nothing about
> Oscypek
Sweden has 9% of foreigners including recent refugees.
You say hello and good bye in an elevator, small waiting room or a train compartment
Yes, we learn British English, but the influence of internet, movies and searials is big
In United kingdom you don't have mandatory second language?
Yes, you'll always see 1 maybe 2, but the big majority are not
I just turn it on, watch cars crash, then turn mybrain off and then watch ending car chase
ok but this is the last time"
Well that's rich, considering how all of the bloody media, including the right-wing Fox News and the like all absolutely hated Donald 'Hitler' Trump and Hilary was to be the saint and Saviour :D
to play baseball, but that's not what /u/MANNYFROMLA wants to hear, so I'll also add to beat the shit out of each other.
Tbh fuck EU funds, not worth it for forced change of our demographics.
Scary is the short moment that you experience if you dont get out and wait for the whole cabin to get turned upside down on the top or the bottom :-) But fortunately that does not happen...
Most of us are not animals
especially this year it is a gift from heaven
Possibly [Pankrác?] Sadly Prague is the only city where anything like what you mentioned could be built, but each time someone wants to build a skyscraper they have to fight dozens of "landmark protectors" because It WoUlD rUiN pAnOrAmA oF pRaGuE
but at least Balaton has qualified
I do that too
It also doesn't help with the whole Chechnya confusion thing we got a while back
* nanofibres
One of the few things we can be proud of - we're one of the most atheistic countries in the world
One of the main concerns in Czech media during coronavirus outbreak was the debate whether we will be allowed to visit you in summer
Trump wouldn't make these NATO complaints if the EU was a single, sovereign country with its own military within NATO (probably stronger than the US too).
Some people learning Czech shares their experiences on the YouTube channels
But this map suggests that in the south, people don't even have a high (=secondary in European context) school completed and most have only primary education
Yep, a guy
Ignác used to be shortened to Nácek (but that is now used as a derogatory word for Nazis, so
And can a real Islam believer be "modern" in Western meaning.
And do you northdwellers even understand that most of your exports go to other EU countries
I didn't believe, that they would win, but I agreed with their opinion
My father is Russian but I don't feel any attachment to the country, especially given the current political situation
(The other north)
Here in czechia, we pronounce things the way they are spelled (so basically any spelling competion would be useless with few exceptions)
No, I just think hate crimes happened before Brexit with approximately the same frequency.
Plot twist: You have an absolute monster king kong dong and she didn't because it could never fit
We still use Roman numerals and the Gregorian calendar, plus there is in fact an unbroken chain of Latin speakers (various scholars and priests), just not *native* speakers.
It's just so weird when peole say it
Can also attach a trailer to our car or there is a friend with pickup car but some friend with van is always available so most comfortable way always win
haha, no
We used to, but now, sice "kids" are 20-30 yo, it's Young  table
But I dunno if he got the lyrics right, since he started yelling "Deutschland, Deutschland über alles"
And what about Wi-Fi or computers
They might say it, but when you provide a context, they will gladly support a war.
Again, Israel is Germany's ally.
They give you freedom in rural areas of course
Ideally, pretty much any of the  "dark green" countries would be great (Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, France, possibly northern Germany, New Zealand, Canada,...), I'm not too attached to any particular place
Used seeds contain minimal amount of active drug, they are safe to consume, and there is no way to get high with them
Sure, you can enjoy it a lot, but you're not really free.
And then there's those horrible "czech" puns
Well, it's basically just putting -ia to Czech, so if everyone knows how to pronounce the adjective, the noun that is derived from it shouldn't be a problem, hopefully
It's funny that we have the word "Česko", which we use in everyday conversations pretty much every time, but when we speak English, most of us prefers the "Czech Republic". Since pretty much no other country calls itself a republic explicitly (nobody says the Italian Republic, the French Republic, ...), it doesn't make any sense that we do, but I guess we are just used to the sound
We’re the laughing beasts
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Of course some state emblems (see [Franace]( [Soviet Union]( [Socialist Republic of Romania] break heraldic rules intentionally to express modernity and opposition to feudal system and a corresponding blazon is impossible to compile.
Those are rookie numbers
This and Bataclan attack are examples of that
Hungarian and Czech goulash are so different I don’t think it’s fair to call it a copy
Maybe it might be good to mention #2 on singles chart - [Viktor Sheen ft
You do realize that this kind of behaviour (lying about nationality, age and other things) is exactly what later on (when it gets exposed) creates resentment among the general public, so then when an actual child comes, nobody will care anymore?
If the house/apartment is theirs, it's usually some contribution to water and energies, if not, some contribution to their rent
I heard about the internet
German, French because those are the most useful
"Czechia" is basically nothing more than putting -ia to it
Anyway, different names, same old shit.
Everybody keeps saying how insane the drinking age is, but they don’t actually know shit about the reason
The factory was overstocked  with ammunition
In an ideal world the war should not have escalated or even started to begin with
Month's names, maybe
Aren't Hungarians/Slovaks/Czechs/Lithuanians/Latvians/Estonians treated more or less the same?
Beer factory
Everything is made worse quality because employment's guaranteed, so why should you even try
Also it depends on alcohol level in my blood, physical activity or wind
Well, time to switch to the Karlsbad dumplings and bread dumplings
"For this year, buy 6x523 2x 520 and 1x524"
There is one castle, that is built to defend things from going out, not inside
The former can exist without the latter and usually when people are annoyed at a religion, they are annoyed at actions of corrupt or politically motivated church body that often doesn't even reflect the belief system itself
I've never been to Slovakia actually...
Its nationalism in this case but it could be anything really
You cant call Prague 'german town'. In that time over 70% inhabitans in Prag were Czech
Enjoy 60+% economic decline
How much fucking biased could that video possibly be?
For example in my country, this certainly isn't a common behaviour, so if there suddenly was an influx of men from a culture where this is a common behaviour, I certainly wouldn't shrug it off with "Meh, this is just what they do, I guess I have to accept this now and learn how to live with it".
Maybe a good time for some bike show celebration
Save Sarraguce, that sits on high mountain
Age gap relationships with 15 year olds
That's why I said what the set phrase is
But many times I have had it really bland, it was dry and full of eggs, like this one
Almost nothing
Jizera for example have Celtic origin too
There it would be a slightly different map based on language groups and such
and also [This] good example
Her repertoire of dishes included completely wooden pizza, burnt eggs totally stuck to the frying pan and cereals spilled under the heater
- "Where are you going on vacation this summer
As a Czech person (75% ethincally Czech) that has lived here his whole life, I do agree
Italian all the way
Is pleasure you meet
But they would need Austrian Leberkäse
Since I'm living in dorms, I meet people from every corner of the republic and sometimes I understand Slovaks more than someone from my country, but we always find some way to understand each other
It's the fee charged by the ATM itself, not your bank
[We've got them too] They're called either *Betlém* or *Jesličky*.
The adjective Czech was just accepted as neutral long ago (the Czech republic, Czech langauge,...), but it is technically also identical with the adjective for "Bohemian".
>To live in New York full of mafia families
Bonus points if they pay for development of game which i dont need to pay for because its free because people are buying lootboxes
really are the ex-yugo languages that close?
"wanna sprite cranberry
Cons: Pay is shit
When it comes to motifs on coins?
The shape is also fucked
Prague is like a different world haha
- The politicians BEAT protesters
Seems Jacek saw the end of days and wanted to check the progress.
Now imagine how it sounds to an English ear when every other word in a sentence they don't understand sounds exactly like "fuck" :)
However, it did not apply to pubs at railway stations so passengers could wait for their night trains there.
But have to say I see more and more people switching to iphone in my circles but they don’t buy latest stuff
Erdogan and his puppets have themselves to blame.
In Germany you only have lights on during night /dark
The problem was till 2005 selling of alcohol was possible just to 23:00 (some additional license, probably expensive as fuck, was needed if you want a drink after 23:00) which practically means there was a bell in each pub, used at 23:00 means no more drinks.
Just to mention, I don't know the whole lyrics in many cases, but I know most of it
Bohemia "Čechy" is land in Czechia "Česko"
* **Historic Centre:** An ancient, picturesque and mysterious empty shell of a city, full of tourists and tourist scammers
Exactly
That's not just a dad joke, that's a married two gay dads joke
Actaully they helped Stalinists to enforce their aggressive politics
I really like my city's (Pragues) subway system and use it whenever I can.
and they are releasing first teasers
Kosovo < Belarus < Albania < Ukraine < Bosnia < Romania < Macedonia < Bulgaria < Moldavia < Sweden
Statistics show correlation with dairy consumption, but that may be a coincidence, it actually seems to have something to do with collagen metabolism
Also:
Of course that would the best possible solution.
The ingredients look basically the same as our yeast dumplings (*ovocné kynuté knedlíky*), except that they're steamed instead of boiled in water
Daniel - Dan
Slovaks: Yeah, we can speak czech
I also applied for MUNI (also a good university) and UPCE
Although, since I live near German borders it's quite easy to do that.
What's bugging me the most is the fact that the nations aren't at least somewhat ordered from left to right as they are on a map from the west to the east :D
:-)) I am in tears with lost Czech (and surely also Slovak) tourists
Or at least in over a decade
They always market it as worldwide phenomenon or "popular in America" or they air the American version, so people have no idea that it is Dutch.
Almost every country has some kind of a legend about household deities, so far I'd say it's an Indo-European legend or even something very intrinsic to our species as a whole
byste is Conditional mood which is often misplaced with by jste which is plural would be
Or any word with th sound - I just say d instead
You can check historical maps of Czech lands [here] or [here]
There are some bonuses attached to it like discounts on electronics, but the point is data are expensive if you don't care about the other stuff
And you never see the likes of MIT opening affiliates across the pond.
And one restaurant translated fried Hermelín as fried ermine
There are AZERTY keyboards at my workplace in Brussels (stands to reason as it's Belgium) and I don't actually need to use them very often and typically use a different one every time
20 - dvacet
I don't think I have ever encountered a window in Europe that couldn't do that, up until now I thought that was the norm
europe is not an US, people doesn't use prozac for no reason (and smile for same no reason)
Sometimes the train/bus just arrived early and it drove off before it should’ve
everything made in the Eastern Bloc is shit
Under Saddam Hussain Sunnite minority oppressed Shias, after that it turned around and Shias started to oppress Sunnites
Europe is shooting itself in the foot, just like the US.
EXCUSE ME WHAT
I'm not fond of further partition inside the EU, but I understand the move.
But also Kasachstani, people from Balkan and Caucasus.
What a coincidence
They're very similar in all those aspects, so you should understand one when you know the other
> Ezo and homeopathy and all that jazz is incredibly strong here
Why
The idea of having to wake up before sunrise the whole winter
How's that reason #2 working out for you?
That sounds like universal Slavic...
glad that Poland is subsidizing our abortion-on-demand industry
You can post wherever you want.
In high school you can have up to 9 periods a day but not every day, the mean would probably be about 7 hours
Well, those who did not vote should not complain
I can imagine piercings would be a problem only in banking/law sectors where the demands for business looks are high
Слава Україні is literally transliterated to “Slava Ukraini”.
Regional embarrassement, though I think this is more places in the Republic
I think a monarchy is the best state system ever.
Unfortunately other fields don't really match this trend.
I always had that kinda "I have no clue what am I doing here" from Pirates
Why is that, if you don't mind me asking
We call it "Kolín nad Rýnem" in Czech
What is that orange line crossing through Poland
Everything I've ever ordered from Amazon was delivered by česká pošta, but I guess that may vary
They will say mean things to you on the internet :(
Seriously, who the fuck in their right mind thinks this is a good idea
About 2 million (at least according to some website i've found) tourists visit it every year, especially Koreans and Chinese for some reason and the town centre is basically made for tourists [and out of tourists
It's exactly the same in Czech
We need to go deeper: Mojmír, Rostislav, Svatopluk, Slavomír, Bořivoj, Spytihněv, Vratislav, Oldřich, Jaromír Břetislav
The word "robot" is probably the most regularly used thing a Czech man invented
* Alexandr Dubček (He was Slovak)
I am a supporter of "de facto federalism" which means I don't think federal Europe will never be proclaimed as a state (e.g.
The only thing they're interested in doing is making sure the haves get more and the have-nots get kicked to the curb
Thanks for clearing that up
>Nejsem ve sví kůži (i'm not in my own skin) - you are sucking at something you are usually very good at
But our ancient nemesis
Serbs expect economical miracle when joining, but it might take years to see effects.
How do you know it's Paris when you don't see Eiffel tower
Just ignores the 500k people that want him gone
Was Marianne that lady with her tit out
of course it's personal feeling and preference
Not in the news that often, but it feels like the internet is drowning in US politics despite Americans being the minority
Some activits changed the president's flag for giant  red shorts, and the President burned them few years later
Even more badass in my opinion
The police is lucky if they go to a range twice a year, gun owners are usually at a range several times per year or even several times per month
I wish we all passed on that
just Zastavas, Rakija and Vlad Supersonik
TLDR: Right now, the system is unbalanced and the president is pushing its boundaries in the direction of presidential rule
Wish me luck
I don't think using a Microsoft product for "privacy" is a great idea
Otherwise, talking about the old wars, paradoxically, makes me feel hopeful about today, because if people from two countries that used to be at war can now sit together and drink beer, then something must be going well
Lmao
But for sitting down for longer time  - 23C at least
it will never be a mistake to use full term at the first place so what is then point?
I've been to Brno many times as I live pretty close but I've never heard of this
No job
"Vote Right Block - Party for the EASY AND FAST REVOCABILITY OF POLITICIANS AND STATE OFFICIALS DIRECTLY FROM CITIZENS, LOW TAXES, BALANCED BUDGET, MINIMIZATION OF BUREAUCRACY, FAIR AND UNCORRUPTED POLICE AND JUSTICE, REFERENDUM AND DIRECT DEMOCRATIC PROGRAM DIRECT Democracy and Deep National, Spiritual and Moral Revival YOU DO NOT BELIEVE POLITICS AND ITS JOURNALISTS
But have to say I see more and more people switching to iphone in my circles but they don’t buy latest stuff
Tenkjů."
I remember people had really negative opinion about the EU about two or three years ago, like when the flag of EU was raised at Prague Castle, there were lots of people [protesting] But I think they now realize that it would be very difficult for us to survive without the EU.
There are a few Nordsees in Czechia, but I have feeling that they are worse than in Germany
I guess that if you don't care about traveling or the funny looks that they'd probably give you at the student department, it could be a fun way to game the system
Which is so strange to me, because often it is said France prefers good relations with Russia.
We have classical dance lessons
According to foreign movies and TV shows, there is a big shootout between CIA and FSB (aka KGB) agents every night in Prague
Did we get the Czech Corridor, for a bit easier access to the sea
I posted to /r/AskAnAmerican the other day.
\> supermarkets seem to begin putting up christmas stuff earlier every year
It's one of the reasons why Visegrad was formed - so that CZ, Slovakia, Hungary and Poland could lobby together to get the West agree that we join NATO asap.
With a thread lengthening, the probability of referencing America approaches Hitler.
Otherwise yeah, I think people saying that ticks, bees and dogs are all more dangerous than the very few wild carnivores we have are spot on
Cool
Because those are different languages.
In other languages, it may sound better
No third wave feminists, no cis/kin/romantic/aromatic-identifying folks.
Thanks
That could be because I can understand Slovak and sometimes the words in Polish are more similar to Slovak
The difference is that EU will listen to public opinion
!remindme 5 years
I mean it sucks, as would any large fire, but I don't really … care
When you take this in, it can be a bit depressing
Higly educated are welcome in any country I think, but there is many many blue-collars from Ukraine in Czech Rep.
I know English and Czech
I didn't downvote you though :[
But anyways, I think supreme court position isn't about good connection, I'd guess there's something more to that, but idk
Than all of us combined
Vysočina - Alabama of Czech republic
Half of the scientific and research satellite infrastructure
50 total gets rounded up to 200 for cash payments, but 199
I don't believe that 1-2 of 10 czechs would feel comfortable having their child in relationship with muslim
Morava
because Morocco won't take them back
Because pretty much every country has a different center for the political compass
It's only matter of time management and self organization imo (and maybe bit of just how much your work sucks)
His foreign fans started defend him immediately and eleven internationally recognized writers came to Kundera's defence: these included four Nobel laureates
bráško - bro (but a bit more emotionally colored or however you wanna say that - it's just more like "little bro" or something)
Do they think it's the end of it
Our president, when asked if he is pro-west or pro-east, answered that he is pro-north
Pigeons: not a thing
I know almost nothing about this guy, what fringe views does he hold
List of Russia's "unfriendly countries" according to Russian state TV
Our humour is so dark, it would be instantly beaten by USA cops
I honestly believe this is at least to some extent driven by Russian propaganda.
But it is not in english, it is not on the internet, nobody outside knows about it, so we seem ok.
I thought I was used to city life having been born and raised in Prague, but this was so much bigger it was a whole new level, and I found it utterly exhausting.
The people didn't tell me anything because of language barrier
That looks like lots of fun, I'm jelly
It is so sweet it is like eating diabetes
if you like the points, that's good for you, but I don't like cinema, gym, food supplements, strange books and strange package tours
Pikola - place where you count and say the name of the player you see
Also Nazis settled there and there are some unconfirmed legends about an occult experiments
Facebook)
Anyway, technically this is a holiday celebrating Czechoslovakia, so greetings to our pals under the Tatras
If it goes poorly, nope, totally not a date we just went to hang out
There is thin line between noble ideas/principles to live by and stupidity.
Why is there like hundreds of religions
Isn't a big part of our shared values to tolerate other people?
I love it
Underground (and other things big cities have) in Brno (the 2nd biggest city in the Czech Republic)
It's nice Germanic speakers wouldn't have a problem with *Cesko*, but for example Germans already have a shortened name for us - *Tschechien*.
Nah I'm impatiently waiting for [holograms] to be perfected.
Of course, all of it is just a slander and he’s actually one of the best politicians we’ve ever had
I suppose not
in CZ I know none, but in Germany I know 3 couples from the top of my head.
It's not black and white but yes, you could consider Russia and Trump's administration our enemies.
However, the list of "existing names" they use allegedly has around 17 000 of them, so it's quite rare to pick something outside of that
It was wrong for us, Brits, and French to not let the Dutch know.
"That's a spanish village for me" means I don't understand that
Is Cromwell really hated
If you want to dismatle something and put it back together, it can be pain in the ass.
But why
Australia still is a 1st world country despite all its flaws.
Even a small fee like this probably discourages them
Central Europe (Austria, Eastern Germany + maybe Bavaria, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Hungary, Poland)
Still it's kinda sad for me even though I have no relation to Sweden
Which also bring us western culture.
This is quickly becoming an invest in an AC or die situation tbh
And if you don't close door, it's "Do you have a tree in your ass
So almost all gun owners in the Czech Republic have it
in Czechia, the radios (which I guess is what your question is about) they play mostly English, Czech and Slovak.
OP, I like how you made the extra effort to squeeze the little BFF for Israel at the bottom of the map.
Theyre shall issue just like any gun thats not Cat
Western companies use eastern europe as component base with low costs (mostly due to low salaries).
I also sometimes catch myself thinking in English, which is pretty weird
Louka (meadow),
I know the tune and some of the lyrics of the Slovak and our old Austro-Hungarian anthem
is it a thing
Not a single citizen was asked if they agree or disagree with this, it was a purely bureaucratic decision.
Our teacher was women so she pushed more emotional point of view on war
I think it fits czech people more
>The botched response to the coronavirus
Very fun tradition :)
I love Finland but in country where everything used to be made of wood, not much can withstand
This would be a proper reaction to mämmi though
The architecture is so beautiful
> there are guns used and are (semi)legal in countries like Croatia (where I am from), Switzerland etc
E= I meant legalising it has no negatives, not that weed itself has no negatives
I have never tasted cheese souffle, but just from the receipts I can tell it has very little in common with fried cheese.
You could always buy a Kofola
As many things, it wasn't offically mandatory and you could refuse if you wanted but there was always this phantom of possible retributions for your refusal so people who didn't care much and didn't want to be bothered just signed it
I think they are doing some half arsed methane capture but its a grim sight and smell
Don't people get lost in a place like this
You dont have any advantage
I would say it has more to do with our mentality, Czechs in general tend to be distrustful of any foreign powers, plus we've had many euro-sceptic politicians in the positions of power in the past, who talked shit about the EU basically all the time, so that also made some effect on the public discourse.
I'm a mod over at /r/IWantOut and there's certainly a lot of Americans asking about it.
and some people don't say anything at all
- quadrillion = biliarda
I would love other European countries more as interesting strangers without being tangled in their everyday drama.
Instead of "The", many of us  say "D", instead of "with", many of us say "wif" and I have even heard "wis".
But this stereotype (dangerous drivers) is mostly directed to polish trucks, not cars
Everything was new in Polish: conjugation, declination, proper pronunciation of complicated Polish expressions, which, for the life of me, I could never learn and haven't learned till this day.
Often when in a film or a show from the US they try speaking Czech it takes me few sentences to recognize it's supposed to be Czech
(Liverpool)
They hurt
We had a tv show that aired for years which basically revolved around asking people questions like: What year is it?
Too lazy to translate word-by-word
Snad nám ta šlichta bude šmakovat
Liberal Hollywood does not exist, only money-making one.
Home delivery is relatively cheap here, but it's still not something you would do every day.
Also "Budiž", although it's pretty uncommon
I miss the time when you could sold unopened boxes on market for some small or big money
Not just that, I've read that Stalin was determined to deploy the Soviet army if we...diverged...
Blanka tunnel, Prague subway line D, Subway or rail line to the (Václav Havel) Ruzyně airport,  trams on Václavské náměstí, I could continue to the infinity, and that's only Prague
not me, never liked
He can say Obama did this just to put him in bad position and wants to mend ties with Russia as he is sick of Cold War.
He could have easily got a job elsewhere
Czech Republic decided not to join, so Czech citizens don't get benefits abroad -- but foreign citizens don't get benefits in Czech Republic
That's not true
So we've USB, USB-C and Lighting  ports and those clowns are thinking that's too much for normal people
Translation: beyond my english level forever
you get the memo, nice mustache by the way
Despite its name, it's not actual butter but a type of spread made from sour cream, milk powder and buttermilk powder.
Not really, you usually exit through one of the doors at the back tho, the front is for entrance only
cz thing looks like it's based on OpenStreetMap
It's mind blowing, that she has witnessed the last Ice Age, she has seen all the great mammals of Europe incl.
But if you translated Cunts, you would end up with Kundy
We have the second highest rising housing prices after you
* Russians
I just don’t like how English term sounds
So you could say there is some sympathy in certain aspects
It's an term to be used in english not czech
What is the best antiperspirant for men that is available in Europe?
as a Czech I am pleased to read someone find us cool enough to share same country with.
Czech Jews were fleeing to what-was-to-be Israel before war already, as they were well educated and fond of the idea of free jewish state.
Yeah IDK, they're bland centrists, I guess I thought they would be a part of some huge pan-European reform movement, but that just didn't go anywhere
I find Spain more flexible and progressive - economically, socially.
Sacher is my very favourite
As I said, I don't think it's super logical
Foolish choice
You need to create fear and respect to achieve something.
They are a continuation of the original party.
But I don't think there are movements advocating for secession, if anything they are advocating for the return to pre-1948 state when the country was [administratively divided along the borders of our historical lands] (Bohemia-Moravia-Silesia until 1928 and then Bohemia-Moravia/Silesia until 1948)
I do have two first names, never met anyone else with a second name here in my life so its probably very rare
Lovely
I cannot imagine manager or engineer with these in the face
People in Moravia and Silesia tend to be more religious than people from Bohemia.
He does not actually believe what he claims
That seems insane to me
Occasional punishments were also dealt and then we've had gone after our duties
The short name is just logical, really
Come the fuck on
In Prague, you have a ridiculously expensive tourist trap place in the middle of a town square, but a perfectly affordable place just a street away
A little off topic, but in czech, "fakt
:-D
*Kámen, nůžky, papír* - Stone, scissors, paper.
Nobody cares about anyone's hair
Also some people try to follow English rules for ordinal numbers, writing "1ní" ("první") like the English "1st" (first) but that is really crazy and the only way to write correctly is "1
I'm far from being fluent, but usually I can at least get a general idea of what people are talking about.
Vodík-H
So I did [some research] if you want to look more into it :)
In that case, yes go to Vienna or Munich instead.
Having said that, of course a Czech person taking Soviets on a guilt trip again.
Blyny or pfankuchen
Cheap af Michelin starred restaurands
Public transport is alright but it doesn't go everywhere
Yeah too simple probably
This is pretty sick if you ask me
my village, Bohemia, Czechia, Central Europe
Maybe try german next time
cups just when I need same amount and I don't care exactly about measurement.
Delicious
Remember the same thing from opposite side of border.
Go to pub, look at menu, realise beer is cheaper than water.
I wish my coutry was like that too but Czechs are really backward in so many things
K bye
I even forgot it was today until I saw it as #1 on the front page
Imagine slipping on the ice while standing there
The eggs I buy are
You can do it guys
Great one day trip from Madrid.
For some reason i don't remember any mention of your country in medias or in school, except basic knowledge
Mladá Boleslav: Škoda cars
I see, whipped cream is just a decoration + to make the sauce even more creamy.
Just a note, October 28th 1918 is the date Czechoslovak Republic got independent after the breakup of Austia-Hungary
I've been to the cathedral twice already and I definitely thought I would see it again one day
) advertised as Ukrainian food here, are those not traditional
Most noticeable is often notability - it tends to be culturally shifted towards given country of said language.
That's like claiming raisins are better than grapes.
Soon this tradition will die, it's so sad
In that consil in 1848 Czech deputies protested againts Großdeutsche Lösung
If you have time, it's not that bad of a reading:[
203 people died and there were over 1000 injured
Well, now you've awaken my inner Hussite
I like the monuments that are everywhere here and our colourful nature and culture too (it's mix of a lots of anothere cultures)
There is gay marriage in Czech Republic, but it's called "registered partnership".
Dont know about them fleep floops but we like to go hikin' n' swimmin' down in Hrvatska only to drown
200 years ago it used to be different, but XX century broke this tradition
Pa pa pa pa paaa pa paa
Curious trivia:
I think not much
What's the key used for sorting?
The growth of the whole EU at 1.9%.
Austria: Family gatherings in the outskirts of Vienna, pubs under trees and in vineyards
How could I forget *Mám v p... na lehátku* (perfect OST to housework) and  *A já sprostá*.
> Even night clubs had these insane queues where you sometimes had to wait between 15-90 (!) minutes to get in, even when it was -15° outside
But I could be wrong so correct me
All of them focused on what the authors considered to be the high point of the civilization in question, like a cross section of the whole society in a given point in time
That's all right, collecting points is not my objective.
Next day you wake up and repeat it until the trip is over.
26 can be "dvacet šest' or "šestadvacet" (a means and in czech, notice that the second form has no space in it) i'd say the first one Is more common
In the Czech republic, this actually gets mentioned in the history classes.
And finally, the distinction of good West vs
most of my colleages and other people in /r/czech think similarily
No, we generally like all our negbours but don't care about them enough to be bothered by their potential flaws.
Such actions like Palach, riots related to hockey or demonstrations in August 1969 could help nothing
I might be completely wrong in this tho
And the assassination of Heydrich of course
Poděbrady is right, good job, the other one is very close to Pdy but more to the north
I would swap Poland with Hungary, due to history
But tbh other than that all Spanish food is comfort food
He was noble
So yeah, I like to celebrate pagan holidays (mostly Celtic and Slav)
English
There is a problem with incest when you have too many children with same donor.
And Italy as well, but they just hate themselves.
Tokyo, Osaka, Yokohama, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Kyoto, Sapporo, Kawasaki, Nagoya, Fukushima and Kokura if that counts
Check my flag and then do know
Darmožrout "eats for free", kinda archaic or nemakčenko "doesn't work", expressive.
"Czechia" is basically nothing more than putting -ia to it
Andorra - tax heaven
Luckily the cathedral did not burn to the ground so I believe it will be restored, even though it might take a decade or two to do so
What's up with Sjælland
* František Palacký
But not talking about wages also heavily benefit employer and not employees, as he have to pay more only to people which ask for more
Actually median pay in Czech Republic is around 30000 kč, so ~1125€
Punching above our weight
I for one am disapointed that this is not a shitpost as i was expecting to hear Ode to Joy.
The party got purged and reformed into a symbolic puppet of the communist party after 1948 unfortunately
Given the Czech-German relationship status and high levels of nationalism in 1919 I wouldn't be surprised if he was happy about it
Definitely the variety of swear words
It's almost as if the voters are idiots who have the memory of a goldfish...
And dude now I have a good beard that filled up everything and can be shaped
Agree with everything (excepet of Kotva).
We have many mulatto czechs (usually african father/white mother) and they are popular singers, TV presenters etc.
I don't know about other people, but tap watter is basicaly the only thing I drink at home
The tragic thing is of course that if people like you leave (and I would not blame you at all), Turkey will be really lost.
You have to make some rough rounding up eventually
Leberkäse tho is not "liver cheese", but a [meatloaf] If you want a meatloaf with cheese, it's Käseleberkäse, i.e. cheese-livercheese
Appreciate this, Was It hard to make
we have more bubble wrappers :
I am very surprised
lol czechia is the country where most beer per capita is consumed, and basically everyone has at least tried beer before 18
Afaik 99% of EU countries that allow gun ownership also restrict it to concealed carry.
We need only one big country to see all bullshits of our president (stupid idiot with dementia) and prime minister (thief, murderer and ex-agent of communist police)
You're correct that Czechs don't want to be reminded of this
Luckily we were used to western allies selling our country to dictators, so it hurt only little
Yes so I heard
I'd rather have money but live as a "second class person".
Ivana Trump might be appointed as U.S.
They're specifically excluded
You mean it is not on the package
No idea why it's missing from the map
Regarding to the "very dark facts" about Japan...
Come on I think that carp tastes really good
Rakousko-Uhersko
That's why this year especially sucks
" "Cože? Ty ho neznáš? Ten Ital
It also helps Linz is closer to our borders
the problem starts when you live in a house or in a maisonette - then you either buy two of them (
Definitely a cat person
Yeah, but I don't think it's much better among the smaller ones.
It's a shame, but nothing catastrophic
In my opinion it extremely important to handle these illegals
Simply happening to fall in love with (or being attracted to) adolescent while still being into "adults" is not Ephebophilia
I mean, sure, they talk about investment into education, research, innovation, infrastructure and so on, but the reality is not as rosy.
Humans are social animals, we're heavily influenced by the society that we grow up in.
It has to be, otherwise it would be really sad and we can't take that right now
I also never thought about that despite speaking German, I'd assume it was just a variation of čau
I think we can say this about the entirety of the former communist countries in Europe
That’s the hardest part
**Olomouc:** stinky cheese
Or I hope that's still the case :) No detailed info about this is available AFAIK
Look up how much money Germany gives to EU to "keep it running" you could use that money in other way
Cause politicians don´t know shit about anything, they can´t even repair roads, I have no idea why someone would expect them to know or even do something intelligent about climate
* polarography
Too much risk for little gain, it's even hard to imagine what narrative would they want to spread.
I can't think of someone more rational on the small Czech YouTube scene
Eastern Europe does not need more education,
Shitty business model perhaps, but nonetheless fair.
You need to stare back deeply into their eyes to assert dominance
and all the spiders, snakes, crocodiles, jellyfishes, huge insect and sharks
You fold the back seats in your family wagon, and pray to good which we don't believe in, or keep the back door slightly open, make sure it ain't going nowhere, put a red flag on it if its long enough (red flag=any red old rag) and hit the road
New
Wtf, this kind of (well, any) vote should be public
Well, you know you shouldn't take this too personally.
[And we do have a huge park around the Spielberg castle right in the city center about 10 minute walk from this spot
That's what I like too
That sounds pretty cool, I always wondered what it's like living in a country with less than 1 mil people
Fuck, I read some of the books for our the Czech language Maturita exam in English
I don't know about his city but in Brno there is a large underground created by connecting cellars of the houses and it were used for storage in middle ages
It said it should be a historical photo, not a work of art
I genuinly believe he doesn't give a fuck about politics or EU or muslims or his voters, he is in it for himself only
Weren't the Balkans better for a while
Mostly
but I guess the other meaning makes better sense
I assume that countries luring Tesla is driven mostly by people wanting Tesla factory because it's a cool company.
A recent poll found that Zeman has support of [57%] people, more than other political institutions
cool, most people living there don't tho
Yes but it is quite rare and only one option
And if EU is not willing to change, then they might have a point.
Pros: safe, liberal and developed country, possibility to get good value for less money in general
It was postwar propaganda, in line with the rest of anti-west communists focus
If you removed the slight language barrier, I'd even say that Poland is culturally closer to Slovakia than Czechia is, at least on a wider level, and I'm saying this as a person who's lived most of their life in the Czech-Polish borderland
I don't know how I felt if a frozen alien corpse landed on my garden one day.
I do have the need and I am sad it is so expensive to have a sauna
but was it really second name or just that baptism name
6%... A lot of people like me dont drink it unless very thirsty because it tastes like water
Politici BYLI demonstranty
* Mám to v piči (I've got it in the cunt)
Well, some are pretty same to the latin names, some are just in normal language
On Reddit
They don't care about some settlements, they hate western values + many of them are cases of failure, complexes and ready-to-be treated by psychiatrists.
Je to tak
I am proud of this country
Italy: Sicily visit, staying there with relatives
When we try to build our furniture, some would say, that this is torture
Well, obviously they can be a bit lower since living expenses are lower in Poland.
* Zdrhl krt skrz drn, zprv zhltl hrst zrn
Small hipster coffee shops usually serve only like three to maybe five different types of coffee.
People are stupid and vocally opposed to any measures and our prime minister is a coward who overruled a lot of the measures our previous health minister tried to enact
Last time I saw this was in the communist era.
My country has less people in capital, yet still 250 000 protested against our PM
That must have been a bitch to clean.
When traveling in buses, I prefer 8 to 12 night rides
If the ratio is 20:1 for good things, then you are a good person.
Keeping at least one shit going in it's old rails would have been nice.
We trained israeli pilots and helped with military equipment, which was crutial in first Arab-Israeli war and the survival of Istraeli state.
It doesn't make sense, but that's because in Czech "hunger" and "rub" rhyme
Like some Bavarian politicians, aristocratic Germans and once even the chancellor herself talking about CZ compensating the Sudeten Germans (which is a completely idiotic proposition given the context and complexity)
He replies: 12
Hell no
Belle Époque is still dearly remmembered.
Volkswagen anyone
Each country follows its own interests.
Other pilsner-style beers can be found for the price you mentioned but unless it is a decent beer on sale, it is usually trash
They were thinking of dumdum bullets
Tbh it may be a bit controversial job, but there are much worse and more controversial jobs you can end up with and as long as you "follow your passion" and do it from your own will, I mean, why the fuck not, we're living in a free country
Close the tab, close the browser
I would say it's more like Russian soldiers being in Syria
Well yeah, we learn it as part of the masculine, but since the declination is different I'd still kinda count it as "another gender" for the purpose of foreigners learning the language
Who the hell do you think gave them the support and tools to enact these intrigues
We've been known to make fun of pretty much [anything]
People just refuse to look up information, cross-check their news sources, they just simply soak in every BS they read and no longer care
I just love the city, people are so friendly there
So it doesnt matter as much, even if hes their man
He went to a pub (they are closed now) after 22:00 (absolutely forbidden) and he was photographed getting into his car without a mask on (also forbidden since his driver was around)
I actually cheer for them even if they play against us
As our "tatíček(daddy)" Masaryk 1st Czechoslovakian president said
Bell had already 3 missed calls from Cimrman
Here's what it looks like in real life, without bullshit oversaturation:
Same is for Heroes of the Storm
Now it's more like Russia vs everyone
NET, kandidující s nejlepším protikriminálním programem PŘÍMÉ demokracie a hlubokého národního, duchovního a mravního obrození VY NEVĚŘÍTE POLITIKŮM A JEJICH NOVINÁŘŮM? NO KONEČNĚ! VĚŘME SAMI SOBĚ!!! - ale i s mnoha dalšími DŮVODY, proč bychom měli jít tentokrát VŠICHNI K VOLBÁM, ale - pokud nechceme být ZNOVU obelháni, podvedeni a okradeni - NEVOLIT ŽÁDNOU PARLAMENTNÍ TUNEL - STRANU vládnoucí (post) komunistické RUSKO - ČESKÉ totalitní FÍZLOKRACIE a jejich likvidační protinárodní politiku ČÍM HŮŘE, TÍM LÉPE
Be it a church or the Soviet Union or the EU
Of course they picked the stupidest people they could find, so only one or two answered corectly.
I didn't choose any in the end.
Elsewhere yes, it's normal to just buy it from the driver, but in Prague everyone either has a public transport card, ticket  from a ticket machine placed outside of the bus (these are usually in metro stations, but the ticket applies to all public transport) or with SMS ticket
- head of Government is chosen by the president, it's most likely the leader of the winning party
The Habsburgs got in the Czech throne in 1526, so they were ruling over us for a very long time - and so naturelly it wasn't the same throughout all the centuries
My mind always perceived him as Czech even though visually kinda tanned
Make Andrej Babiš Slovak again
Now if you go to Germany you don’t see practically any difference to the life in the Czech Republic
even when commies ruled let alone 90' , I am glad it got better.
Im not sure that would solve the problem, we would just call them something else, warlords perhaps
Everyone knows white is used in flags because it looks good
To be honest, during the war many church leaders showed a great courage and were on a way to regain the trust of the nation
I feel like I'm getting worse at both English and Czech
Czech Republic: 995 cases
But the word koňadra is actually garbled pronounciation of some old word (and insult) for dog catchers.
Relaxation is more, ehm, relaxing than work
It doesn't have a name as far as I know
Apparently they tend to get lonely on long journeys and some company here and there is nice.
Not really, Czechs and Germans get along pretty good these days I'd say but whenever my dad sees a group of Germans he says "The fascists are invading again
We won the popular vote, doesn't mean we are retarded.
Close to zero written evidence, only some archaeological records
I heard about the internet
Yes and this good to bear in mind for most Slavic surnames
It's a bit hard to find info on this and I never really bothered to dig deeper, but now that I know what to look for it does indeed seem to be that way
In Czech we wouldn't use "having big balls" (mít velký koule), we would only say "having balls" (mít koule)
Omg Slovenia, pls annex us, we are suffering here with [this] while you have such a likeable president.
Never heard of it
Yes – you can see the entire Czech Navy with its commander-in-chief on a single picture
However, the material is not that great.
That's probably the case for most capitals on this map, it's also kinda like a population density map
There's a huge gap between Standard Czech (with its archaic roots) and a Common Czech
And what about Bulgarians/Romanians?
It wasn't for a long time but nowadays it's official
5 /r/GirlsMirin
I miss the time when you could sold unopened boxes on market for some small or big money
You seem to be in need [of a dictionary
You can order milk for a drink in a restaurant
But without finding anything worrying, it seems weird to tell you about that
Craft weapons
If documentary doesn't have voiceover of Pavel Soukup then it is not documentary
We have the second highest rising housing prices after you
Is it not an odd coincidence that war in East Ukraine is reigniting after Trump's election?
She's a public servant, simply doing what you voted for
At the very least, Baltics should reach 2% gdp in military spending to satisfy Trump's conditions for NATO.
Makes sense now, you usually cannot buy just one slice of pizza from proper pizzerias here too
!remindme 5 years
High speed trains should connect as many major cities as possible, both in new and old member states
**Třeboň:** fish farming
ahah Švejk depicted what A-H meant for czechs: backward monarchy
It really leaves a lot of options for growth
The fact, that you pointed out vagina as a qualification says it all already.
Electoral college, two-party system, both of those are rubbish
In Poland, Slovenia, Croatia and Bulgaria I got okay with Not knowing their language, but it really needed both sides to be interested in having a conversation together
All my previous experience with international train travel was just uncomfortable waste of time and money
I don't expect anything, that way, I can be only pleasantly suprised
" "We are for  Malta
Nobody cares if you buy an AR-15 or a .22 bolt action rifle for that as long as you have a licence
I Still Don't Understand The Singer But That's Cool
>Understandably, there have also been teething problems with our breakneck growth
[This guy from Russia
Biden has now to fix post-covid economic fallout, which would include many unpopular decisions
Basically we had similar writing as you until Jan Hus made a reform and introduced - ě,š,č,ř,ž. Little arrows above some letters
There is one that boils my blood
Our president who is disrespecting the constitution is finally getting sued
I know about this, it's hilarious
LET'S TRUST IN OURSELVES
\#DutchEastIndies
There is pilgramage and other stuff
To expensive imo, just close the borders
Life here is not horrible you know
But it always ends with greeting, any small talk is very uncommon
Serious question
Yo what the fuck
You need to have punishments adequate to the crime and 7 years for a rape of a 10 year old child is not adequate.
We must face these triages and intubations united
Beer too I guess
Umm, the temperatures you see in statistics and weather forecasts are always given in the shade unless stated otherwise
and when I hear about good old times, yes people were young and their boners solid but you were fine if you didn't object to what bad things were happening around you, weren't religious, your parents had good records and much more (greatparents not landowners, siblings/uncles not ran to the West) so you were permitted to study, didn't mind your income being 10-20%? of the same person behind line (not sure, but if you tried to cross that line, good chance is that you'd be killed)
We are not wealthiest part of EU so 11pro is for average czech salary
Until then, let them live in their rosy bubble.
Almost :)
100 CZK - ten cheapest beers including bottle deposit, from this deposit you can buy additional three beers including deposit, and from deposit of these three you can buy one more beer but it is not enough for deposit so you have to drink it at the shop
For real, It was because the Czech Republic Sounded the same as Chechen Republic, or Chechnya
Did this coup attempt happen before or after Moscow airlifted its NKVD agents in preparation for their coup into Prague on February 15th
Taxis or taxes
Finland is geographically in Scandinavia, isn't it
Osobně by mi nevadilo mít monarchu jako reprezentativní osobu
How the fuck did us, Czechs, make the list
Without looking stuff up, I'd recall
I'm fairly confident they will realise titilation will boost their traffic very soon.
I believe increasing prices is extremely important especially in case of emergencies in order to prevent scarcity
would the land created this way become another province
I mean part of the problem is them being expats and not just immigrants as anyone else
Deux, Rex, Patria
3 million)
Most of central/eastern Europe united by kurva
Anything expressing religion might attract some stares but people are mostly indifferent.
There has been a total of 5 constitution of both Czechoslovakia and Czechia - I include both, because technically, Czechia existed under the Federation since 1969, and both states are continuous
Or who decides which one you go to
Uploading Webm to Imgur gives you the GIF as well.
Comparing to US or Western Europe it simply do not even cross our minds that someone could be religious
He can be friend with Orban
I just love the city, people are so friendly there
As a result it might seem like this is a hugely sensitive topic, when in fact most people probably don't really care so much about American military bases in their countries.
Nothing against it, it just dispeases my tastebuds
First we need to find someone who knows what our country sent to Eurovision
Although, there is a strong potential there stood another house on the grounds, where mine stands
Very
Don't make me laugh
I feel like our mentality is much more similar to Germans, we have over a thousand years of common history, we have a very similar beer culture xD
But hamster (křeček) is much more [interesting]
Repeating digits foretold Trumps victory.
> As for bigger guns, semi automatic
If, just if, the new personal union will be called Austria, then yes, one of my many identities (along with Czech, Bohemian,...) would be "Austrian".
We need to wait till Polen can into space
Well, those who did not vote should not complain
Wow, didn't know that
Did you ever see a firepit
In the first couple of years, it was mostly about Christianity and when we were older, we were taught religionistics about other religions as well
I've never heard about it
You Aren’t right at all
We don't hear much from them
I know I know, we often choose Linz route to Alps instead of Munchen one (a bit longer but fully on highways so you save at least an hour) just to stop in Linz branch
All subsidiaries of US universities abroad are shit.
In primary school, every lesson needed a book, an exercise book a notebook and other shit like that
That might suprise you, but unlike media loves to tell us its basicly impossible to activate a deactivated gun.
And what about people that don't have the money to go to Sweden
Lets hope there wont be more attacks like that
Young people move to the cities while families move out of the cities to the Czech version of “suburbs“ aka villages v close to the big cities
We have a sentence enhancer "fakt" meaning "really" that is overused a lot
There are nutjobs willing to behead people on the ground of a Europe for absolutely childish reasons with a silent support of a certain countries and all we can do about it and what are we allowed to is make fun of them, which I find sad
> (I've lived in Catalonia most of my life)
And in same year Hungarians tryed a little independece revolution
love the czech one
I can add slides, text and pictures, but that's the extent of my PowerPoint skills
A nordic guy looking for AC when its 20+C is the most danish (nordic) thing ever lol, its really not that hot here right now, especially if you live by the sea where its windy
Pretty much every economist on the planet agrees that this is some of the worst economic policy-making you can have
2) Prague, Czechia
Recent elections showed it up
I certainly hope you’re right
20 days is minimum dictated by law.
Spain, Portugal, Greece, Cyprus and Croatia are affected.
It's usually slow roasted and served with cabbage and dumplings
There are bits of it in lyrics.
Starting now
These are just homographs (like read [ri:d] and read [re:d])
Because our goverment gives only 1850 EUR to long-time unemployed that is willing to move to other part of CZ to get a job.
Mostly for children and is a really big part of our culture
They were a very popular party, the 2nd Czechoslovak President Beneš was a big supporter of theirs
I think I have almost 100% understanding of any text at this point and almost the same level with listening
I would not be against it
Speaking of the former, the Czech interpretation sees it as a necessary consequence of german irredentism and the crimes of Nazi Germany, the German interpretation sees it a crime that was done on civilians, many of whom did not support the Nazis
it was not needed, some asshole just wanted to look progressive and not useless so he came with this bullcrap word
When you speak like that, people think that you're some peasant
Pretty sure audience in countries you don't live in doesn't really affect your perception of what comes to mind first
I don't know if we have a single liquor that's the most typical, would that be Becherovka (a herbal bitter)
You can’t, but the government can
Stealing
At the time I didn't know that difference is only about 2 weeks (if I remember right) so I've shut up
chilly 0-15
It could be either public indecency, or polluting of a public place, depending on the specific
-- The skyscraper priest
Czech republic - Slovakia
Imagine you are so small in your mind that you have to bully a 13yo sister of a girl who is litteraly just saying that the planet is fucked and noone is doing enough to save it
Turkey: never sold whole, but parts are available in bigger supermarkets
Well there are local NGOs which helps in Africa and they place these ads
It has nothing to do with articles
book it few days in advance and you'll be fine
Unless Turkey decides to do another ethnic cleansing, then both EU and NATO should step in
Plus people are required to pass a test, so a chance of some psycho having a gun is virtually zero.
[Battle of Czajánek's barracks]
In Austria
Here's a recipe that sounds pretty classic to me -  (replacing the pits with sugar cubes is one part of the recipe I've never seen in Czechia, my grandma just leaves the pits in, but this sounds like a better idea)
We are them
I asked my mother and grandmother and they do associate them together
The real boycott should come from higher positions that actually can enforce changes
Interesting
It was already too late as only politically impotent talking heads or post-communist local oligarch were in charge (as they promised people more wealth for less work and that they root out corruption and frauds and, as usual, majority of the voters took the sweet bait)
Russia has been always difficult place to manage and modernise.
> Petrů
I'm curious, was Krtek broadcasted in NL as well?
For example, there is a book "Z tajností žižkovského podsvětí" from the 1930s that extensively parodies gangster pulp stories and uses this reputation for various comedic effects
Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg
I think, Hungary should focus on the future.
It's definitely not as glorious as what Prague has to offer, but Brno has its charms and gems
kroketten are standard side dish here
Many groceries are run by Vietnamese (a sort of "typical" Czech-Vietnamese job, but certainly not the only one) and foods like pho are beginning to be widely known
Eastern European states won't have much maneuver space when this happens.
Czechia getting worse and worse
And less frequently burgers and other meat.
USB-C?
There is plenty to do in Prague!
It's kinda weird, I understand 99% of it, but it still feels different.
Oh, classics
It is better to look for things that unite rather than things which divide  IMHO
One of the parts is called "Česko"
Give him power and let him build a society based on his philosophy
Western Europe is still very safe, despite the several attacks that happened there.
In this sense i thing we would be one of the least impacted countries in Europe
Or I hope that's still the case :) No detailed info about this is available AFAIK
Why do you think Ukrainains that wanted to are not already working in the EU, either legally or illegally?
As a kid I was a fan of the French version of the show, which our TV showed in 90's.
- Into ass
burany
Czech: Šukat = to fuck something
Do you want me to call some people who had their relatives deported to concentration camps by the NKVD
Making fun of pasty people's paperwhite legs is so early 2000s...
The hole in the middle is just such a strong symbol
LOL you guys would just love to see Europe split again
The imports to the US do not matter.
just several hundreds of thousands for regular wholesale cocaine delivery.
Fun fact: My friend wrote a fan fiction about Kobra 11, because she likes Tom Beck
Only when he feels the need to upgrade his TV.
Good luck with learning though
Same in Czech Republic
- Burger places are everywhere, but as you said, you will rarely see them serve other typically American dishes
It's mostly just a light hearted funny comparison when contrasted with his stance and wouldn't be as funny if I went to specifics
Being Silesian meant something entirely different 1000 years ago than 250 years ago
Here are the lies again
Not sure if it's eqully common, but one can find them here in popular hiking areas
Prague ("Praha" in Czech)
Nope
Upvoted for bravery, of admiting doing such crimes
Treat your country same way you would treat your house
Tak to je v pohodě (translation : 12
copyright in relation to an upload to which access has been disabled or that has been removed .
I can get to Prague train station at similar time (2
I believe most of the world uses only water
lot of nonsenses about Apple and Android but discussion is civil
Although, to be fair, she was very careful about pasta being al dente and everyone's pronounciation of Italian names of dishes
Same thing was discussed not so long ago and it ends up with If you want to have a pub where you can smoke you need to invest into A/C and several other improvements.
Using the term Mitteleuropa in English is not the same as using the collocation "central Europe".
Sorry, we want some sea
Basically both the government and the people support the movement, but not really due to them supporting PKK or terrorism, but just because they are not connected to Islam and seem to fight it.
Yet king John of England is always translated as Jan
Frankly I think anyone that "frowns upon this" is a wasteful fu***ss
Jes, oukej
Pretty much, thanks for asking
For the internet, this guy was something more than just an ordinary celebrity
However I'm considering switching my vote from left to more conservative parties.
I can name and place all 50 with capitals and stuff
And we can totally spend an evening together drinking and understanding each other, even if the topic of "what's that word" or "why would you write an i there, it should be a y, it seems wrong" will come up pretty often
None, because our president owns them all
Each country is going to present its own visions and interests.
In Czech republic, we have a dedicated youtube channel just for that, its called Honest Guide, if you ever find yourself in Prague, i advise you to watch some of their videos, really helpful
" In lot's of factories there was a lot of obsolete machines - like lathes from 50s.
Automotive is a different issue.
You switch shoes there every morning and leave coat
maybe historically and religiously (eastern-orthodox having the largest share in both countries).
So, when will an indie company make a web 2
Americans are our core allies so we should help them battle tax evasion.
trillion = bilion
It's weird, but I doubt it has anything to do with Americanization.
This is exactly what's wrong with modern democracy and why throughout history, from ancient Greece right up to the 20th century, voting was restricted to the wealthy
I had a professor go on and on and on about how she much she argued about it with Austrians when she lived there in the 1990s, that was awkward
I would like to, but to be completely honest, I'm not quite sure how safe India would be for a single young European female, specially since I have really pale skin and fair hair.
We asked for special treatment regarding the EU gun ban, we were ignored, instead they gave a special exception that can only apply to Switzerland because my country hasnt even existed for 50 years
We are not and will never be at a point when "pornstar" is a normal occupation with no stigma attached
In Czech, you can also say "Jak se vede", literally "How's it going".
I think it is self-explanatory in this current pickle we are in
Well that's what I thought when I wanted to learn German, but ultimately I lacked the option in school.
And crazy American's be telling me there's no such thing as Slavic mythology.
Rules for thee, not for me
demonstranti, not demostranty
who was the last Bohemian king and invited lot of alchymists, astronomers and other smart people to Prague
Swedish (I prefer the more southern dialects
More like roasted boar
Well of course it takes long, when everybody and their mum can delay the process through bureaucratic machinations to squeeze some bribes from the state
Also, every story gets many variations and some pieces are taken and made into another story so you can find many other kind of similar
Polish - 75 %, if they speak slowly enough; the meanings somewhat differ and archaic words switch places with the normal ones between the languages quite often, but I presume I could hold a conversation, if both me and a Pole speak slower and pronounce carefully (I heard a full lecture in a museum in Polish, with my teacher translating somewhat, and halfway in I needed the translation only with certain words)
Proč Karel VI
It just doesn't click
And if he travels without security staff accompanying he should visit a psychiatrist
Also having to own clothing for all temperatures, both heating and AC/fans, etc
On in a wider picture, when really considering "traditions" and folklore, the Czech ones are largely different from Slovakia's, save for Eastern Moravia
Under 5 minutes it can be in negatives (but above -10 degrees), over 10 minutes above +10 degrees and over 30 minutes above 15 degrees
When you ask a question, you should always wait for the answer
Oh yes
leden, únor, březen, duben, květen, červen, červenec, srpen, září, říjen, listopad, prosinec
Thanks for killing winters yall
Any chinese people feel free to answer this one
Pretty much the only thing that can deal with it is reverse osmosis.
Yeah, that's why I put it in inverted commas, just in case :D
Poland or Germany, I wanna sea
congratulations for using slowest and most expensive way of public transport in my country
Geese: much more expensive
It might go the other way Erdo!
But I've always wanted to live on an island
But hey thats just the opinion of a češkko
Petersburg, but other than that I'm not so sure
But what is the most expensive part of carbonara
didn't understand at all how Czech works it seems
If you ever find yourself in Budapest, I recommend visiting [The House of Terror] museum
I don't feel any sort of connection to Russia at all.
I am not bad at reading traffic, you're just fabricating an image of me to make it easier for you to shit on me
Czechoslovakia: Am I a joke to you
Scandinavian school systems are used as examples of successful non-discriminatory school systems here, exactly because there is no way to separate the smarter kids from the rest
Female surnames are mutated according to Czech grammar (ones that look like an adjective are declined as feminine adjective, ones looking like soft adjective declined accordingly, ones ending in -ů not declined, the rest gets -ová), this can be waived if you're foreigner, married to a foreigner, or have permanent residence abroad
Your trivia is indeed irrelevant.
Oh I'm not Swedish
It gets pretty funny, reading about 'look' army or 'look' ministry of finance
We're racist
Slovakia - Koliba (Studio Koliba) near the dominant hill Koliba with a TV transmitter in Bratislava
I forgot to add a funny aspect, when the words in other slavic languages are the same but have a very different meaning.
"Strč prst skrz krk" is a valid Czech sentence.
Though illegal, very popular among youth and polarizing among everyone else
Yeah, we had lockers for our outside/inside shoes and a locker for our books
None of that big brand dark roasts like Lavazza Illy Segafredo etc, there are plenty of small coffee roasting places in cz and svk with wide range of tastes and feels
suprise
And today, the Russian troll who pretends to be Czech president is not commemorating this at all - instead, he is meeting with the leader of the Communist party
I'm claiming that life in an average town in Czechia was significantly better than life in an average town in european Russia with the exception of Moscow and St
Novák's spouse will also become Nováková)
If we don't know you, fuck you
Quite often, when our prime minister speaks
However, by far the ugliest in my opinion is [the New Stage of the National Theater] I hate it so much and the fact that I drive by it nearly every week doesn't help
Pálenka is mostly under 60 % of alcohol
Don't forget TGI Fridays, I think there's 3 or 4 of them in Prague now.
Can also be taken as a veiled threat to Italy.
If you do, I choose Athens as my pick as well
I completely forgot the asking for money thing
Dude Czechia is one of the best countries for vegetarians and vegans in Europe
I'd say when we look at European history as a whole, it's generally the Balkans region that gets shafted the most
I am simple not going to punish shops where I want to buy items regularly.
After 9 years in elementary (mandatory), you can go to:
I absolutely hate the high
It's like a different show now (even compared to the early episodes of the reboot).
It is extremely popular here
Shows everyone that you don't need to be super rich and properous to think out of the box and come up with modern and unconventional ways to improve different aspects of our society
Yep, also have seen police with machine guns patrolling the city.
Czech reads as it writes
Can't post the source right now, but I saw some video/documentary on youtube about some family from northern Wales who spoke only Welsh at home, their teenage daughter studied at Welsh-speaking school and her English was far from fluent.
**Either way, she handled it badly as a PR person.**
We have [HONEST GUIDE] It is mostly focused on Prague, but it is great
The whole area of Prague's old town as the playground, wouldn't even need to "shrink it" like they do with the rest of the cities
Only one I can think of is **Sýkora Koňadra** (Great tit in english) where "ňadra" could be breasts.
The same is true for Czechia
You know, where the Communist Minister of the Interior refused to investigate
I'd say i've seen quite a lot from our country, but then again, that's not much of an achievement given its size.
I don't know anyone who hates people from Bohemia because they are from there.
Good question
* fatter (tučňák) - penguin
I wrote Radio Maryja not  Radio Marija
Your Listopad means October, while our Listopad is what we call November.
Also Irish just because I love a certain irish song
So for example: 1 201,55€ or 1201,55€, we usually split thousands if the number is long
Unless they work in an IT engineer/developer position, in that case they're getting paid twice as much as any other 25 year old, but in general the average "fresh out of college" salary isn't much more than 20k CZK after taxes and rents in Prague and Brno are climbing towards 20k a month for a one bedroom flat in decent areas, soo
Oh, wait, even some gestures are nationally specific.
Sadly
Most people I think will be able to point out Alaska, Hawaii, Florida, Texas and maybe California and that's it
Tomáš Garrique Masaryk
After the war we were betrayed by the US and the communists took over for 41 years of terror
I'm sure an islamic extremist wouldn't be able to pass the citizenship requirement, pass the mental evaluation and get a license that checks responsible gun handling
Similar apartment in outskirts of Prague
It's a combination of many factors.
It wouldn't be fair against other countries :-P
* Beowulf: total gibberish
I think it's a bit sad that he's ranking so low
I think it's an absolutely necessary thing for any country to have, but our healthcare system is still far from perfect, at least from my experience
but Hrad in the end is castle, not city in this case, something like Burg in german at the end of a city name.
Most of songs sang by Karel Gott
Geez with that much money you can get a big modern family house if you don't require it to be near or in Prague (there the prices are almost double)
Dům - domeček (house, small house)
How is LEGO expensive in your country compared to your wages
Mostly the a,o,u and just the letters with the double dots on top (I don't have an German keyboard on mobile sorry)
Isn't that just germanized Czech
What does each currency in Europe translate to in USD?
This is something impossible to assess for an average visitor
I'm not saying all renewables are bad, just that solar energy doesn't make a lot of sense for the Netherlands.
So you could say there is some sympathy in certain aspects
I mean, I won't be throwing stones from the glass house that is Czech
**Liberec:** Ještěd tower
Iran and Iraq are very close allies supporting each other against ISIS
It was called Vodovoda, but I haven't able to google it anymore
Sometimes there is some familiar word but it is going to be a false friend most likely
No, rattlesnake is chřestýš, viper is zmije (or is it adder
Unless it's cold outside
I dont like those kind of maps because it is always disputed, it is very inaccurate and it will only make mad pretty much everyone
I wonder whether he actually said what I quoted and if yes, then what language he spoke it in
That's insane
Probably because of the diet
That person is a fucking estébák. I hope you kinda understand it
The latest my school ever ended was around 16
Its commedy, but really funny full of inside jokes, for example Cimrman's Ten Commandments for Novice Actors
> together they are a horrific concoction
I'm not so thrilled about the political situation and the relatively low GDP (and wages) compared to the EU
The rest of the world
Because then everyone's gonna want to leave
Hispanic America are American countries speaking Spanish, Iberoamerica are countries speaking Spanish and Portugese (i.e.
Don't worry, we replaced the pen thief with an alcoholic pig
Remember how weird it was to see those US movies where they they always prayed before food and visited church every Sunday
No, no, the word is actually used quite often in the current Czech political climate
Pasina IT
There was no genocide so perhaps the archives must be incomplete
Also, probably not a plot hole, but 30 year war started in Prague, with Battle of White Mountain, where protestant armies (and bunch of mercenaries) were fighting against Austrian emperor and ended again in Prague, where those same protestants were fighting for Austrian emperor against Protestant Swedes
Thus by definition not a pedo
I think their situation is comparable to the USSR back in the late 70s-early 80s, rather than to the infancy of the Soviet Union.
Zdrh krt zkrz drn zprv zhltl čtvrthrst zrn
Playing games usually, or learning how to tie various knots and other things
Nikdy nic  nikdo nemá  míti za definitivní
was there any in recent history
Nothing against this map (I like it) and other maps and pics like this, but am I the only one already saturated by these non topics filling up the front page?
He together with Jack London used to be quite popular authors for young boys at the times of my father.
Real population of Prague is about 1
Yeah I was wrong about that, our guy just added to the research with the AB group
I asked my Irish friend about this recently and he said they vacuumed the house every day back in Ireland
Yes, you're right, the Polish flag has got white on the top and red on the bottom.
Yep, but in my case it was because I had in total 3 different English teachers
Macedonians keep trolling them
The Internet remembers
> No questions asked *from the employee*, asking why I need a shotgun
So, as of now, I'm becoming acquainted with it via reddit
Croatian language is for some reason very similar to Czech, even we have Germany or Hungaria with complete different languages in between.
* Plch zdrhl skrz drn, prv zhltl čtvrthrst zrn
Never even heard of it until today!
* Russia good
But they are not brigading, they are just subscribed and comment on topics they care about.
0 and about a trilion dollars ?
Hmm, I guess
And [this] is a bridge between Czech Republic and Austria
That's exactly the short-sighted pre-WWI mentality that had been devastating the continent for centuries
Usually yes
Also, because I learned English words mostly through media sometimes I really struggle translating English text to Czech even though I know exactly what it says
If the Swedish government put as much effort into creating actually reasonable immigration and integration policies as it is putting into dispelling false or inaccurate information, then perhaps there wouldn't be the need to dispel any inaccurate information in the first place.
and they all are hadi
Yea, but we dont have one president for one lifetime like Russians have
I think I’m going insane
Most jobs in the Nordics are union protected, while in here unions are almost a swear word
New world symphony by Antonín Dvořák, was even in spave
Basically any slavic country except Poland
First, it would be the Beneš decrees and the expulsion of ethnic Germans from Czechoslovakia after the war, the second would be the invasion of Warsaw pact armies in 1968
We have tons of great vietnamese places
Most of songs sang by Karel Gott
We have that same with Moravian accent
Rednecks and heartwarming fairy tales.
And not just once
There is so much information online so if you are willing to spend a few minutes to look stuff up you should be fine
The parodies too:
From what I've heard, pretty much, yeah
I'm not a Trump supporter, but he has won the elections so I'm going to wait a little bit before I can make my opinion on his presidency.
That's not just a dad joke, that's a married two gay dads joke
some words are hard to pronounce, because, there isn't one way to pronounce them
We had Přemysl Otakar I on 20 Czech crowns note but its no longer used
I have always assumed Swedens population was much higher than ours.
Ah, nice, thanks for great explanation
[Czech president Miloš Zeman]
Majority of the turnout
Sick days and food coupons are nice tho
I imagine Sealand would have a problem with that
It gives too much power to the executive and the legislative is too limited.
Oh childhood
Needs a herb garden otherwise looks cozy.
Even Hitler would probably get some advocates, since we are one of the most xenophobic nations in Europe, but I think that we could all agree on the **Stellvertretrender Reichsprotektor in Böhmen und Mähren Reinhardt Tristan Eugen Heydrich**
Yeah they moved a bunch of their industry in WW2 here, thx much <3
Magnificient
To be fair, the system has its quirks too, I've seen a good deal of very confused tourists getting scolded in Czech by ticket inspectors for not stamping their tickets or buying the wrong type
Yeah, I was like wtf weather
If that's the price you're willing to pay, Ukraine would probably become a much better place to live at the cost of the NATO coming a lot closer to a direct confrontation with Russia
Huawei Mate 9 and Mate 9 Pro is supposed to work with it.
Yeah I as a student can go from Brno to Prague which is approximately 200km for 50 kč/2 €
Gardens by the Bay
If only more of your tourists would also get lost in the Czech mountains we could be tourist buddies
Am now stealing your jobs and Döner :D
Too bad we didn't have more of that revolutionary energy to get it done in the 90s.
For example, Poland has an average monthly income of 700, but an average yearly income of 12000?
Quotas are the worst solution, it will give arguments to local populists and estrange EU in the eyes of the locals.
Lots of people are using company emails for private mails
I guess Antarctic and the most remote parts of Arctic count and those were recorded
There is no other legitimate state entity in our territory.
In Czech, it means "the one who's *being* served"
Now show the same places without shitty oversaturation filters and lens effects
ODS and its inbred corruption has fucked us over before
You have to take physical cash to the bus driver for him to charge the card for you and then sell you a ticket by deducting the money from the card
Please help :(
a czech who doesn't drink beer
A lease agreement shouldn't be enough to force you to allow a search if you don't want to, or am I completely wrong?
Sarsina IT
Early Modern and Middle are doable
Not really sure if anything really fits the definition in here
september 935 when Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia was murdered
Yeah cool Fuck nazis, but I hope you know those people who were in the streets were ordinary people who are scared to go outside during night hours, not some kind of neofascists
Tábor's tunnels really do feel like a D&D dungeon
>fine amount was defined by how much a person was making a year
But then there are weird people who server it with meat
I was there for a business trip.
It was response to paneuropean law banning extended ammunition clips and other stuff, that has no reason to be owned by civilians
It's not weird, it's just German :P
There was just Czechoslovakia for us
It's/was good deal for some time, for economic transition.
Slovak, both spoken and written is mutually inteligible with Czech
Well Europeans screwed up big time with WWI and WWII as well.
Many anti-nazi germans left anyway, because of the harsh post-war environment against germans.
Thankfully today some cold winds decided to cool the Czech republic so it's nice 25 °C. :-)
Nah, you were right before
I was never taught anything else (I wasn't formally taught to write print in the first place)
If it is really big,  it is not a rat
They (KDUČSL) are against everything related to LGBTQ, abortions etc.
That just sounds like the smart thing to do with the things you want to forget
No, I do not, and imo something like federation is never gonna happen, but I'm all for European cooperation
The european history of 20th century is very present there.
It was founded by a Czech king.
Oh so it goes both ways
it's been mostly PC in Czech Republic.
Its in a nice patch of forest and is even 5 mins from Franz Ferdinand's castle
According to Russian news in 2015:
Sadly the building has one fatal flaw - the glass panels on the outside are miserably designed, and they keep falling down
In the end, it's not really surprising that some people simply go "fuck it" and end up voting for populist parties.
Also PM consults with president important decisions
HRE was not shitty, at least not the last century.
Besides the point that there’s not “auto translation” on Reddit and you’d had to go back and forth between google and reddit
And if Russia plays, I cheer for literally anynone playing against them
We don't have big domestic market like Poland, which could help us to overcome economic crisis, we are intertwined with western markets.
That Europe=EU
Cool
Most of those who asked about it didn't qualify (ancestor left Germany but was not prosecuted in any way, no documents available, ancestor left too early etc.)
All prices in shop are using only 1 decimal place
I mean, atleast he didnt steal from his country ig
Nah, we literally built our national identity around pub culture, so we count as well
I am too shy
Our bad
Nice strategy
Moravia that's your long lost brother don't you remember, Bohemia is the beer bro.
Well, since I got my accent from watching British and American movies and TV shows combined with Czech, I'm technically drowning in Atlantic ocean when I'm speaking, but besides of that, I like mine
If this is yet another fucking terror attack...
The fact that he had Czechoslovak citizenship for some time is just a peculiarity of Central European history between the wars
* Nagano
I feel like that would bring large boosts to tourism and business
I saw the transaction didn't go through so I borrowed a friend's card to make the payment and this time it worked, so I didn't think much of it.
That's because of the most famous import from Slovakia - Babiš now controls the Czech food market.
Not even a letter
, there are many of those
It's not only the pronunciation but also the use of different words for different things, the endings of words, the verbs would be spelt differently if written down and so on
And this didn't happen in western France this happened to me once about 50 km from the german border.
The question is, what methods you use to get there.
Body modification is generally more mainstream in Western Europe
Yeah, this is practiced in some parts of Czechia (mostly eastern Moravia I think), but only in certain villages
Yes, we are civilized place like THE REST OF THE FUCKING WORLD FUCKING AMERICANS
But I prefere "Česko"
For example, there was this minister that the socialists (cabinet minor party) wanted to resign, since he was nominated by them and didn't do a good job
Like, I'm supposed to get beaten with a switch AND drenched with water just because I'm a girl
It's more about big city/countryside difference
I mean, the stone ceiling does have some substantial holes in it right now
after 65, there is a risk your brain starts to atrophy and you die of dementia
Even within ex socialist sphere, there were better and worse cases.
Tokio, Kyoto, Hiroshima, Nagano, Sapporo
Yes but if you just ban it, then EU game developers using loot boxes will likely move where they are legal or find subsidiaries there, people will buy the games from abroad and use proxy servers to play them, nothing will change and we will have even less control over it
Four other Warsaw pact armies invaded with them
Bohemia, Moravia and/or Silesia.
Yeh, I can see that my post might be confusing at first sight.
I am interested in rest of Eastern Europe, are there any data
still nothing to brag about tho
But tbh other than that all Spanish food is comfort food
Epic rap battle of history: Portugal vs Germany
or a gay machine gun
Realistically speaking, France is probably my best option because my partner being a French native makes things easier
Oh yeah, Easter (Velikonoce)
Americans go to Walmart and have shotguns next to bread
It's not photoshop but scale model of police to "scare" drivers to drive more carefully.
We have the oldest university in the Eastern and Central Europe
If we want to communicate on European level here we have no other choice
Honestly, this election was a huge debacle for republicans
Until university salaries are as high as they are in the West there will be brain drain, especially among top talent.
I remeber my first time in Finland, a friend of mine introduced his sister to me and I had no idea about Finnish spelling at the time, so I just did my best to remember how it sounds
The article clearly states: The report said the increases were being driven mainly by heterosexual transmission in Russia.
Because Slovak nationalists would never ever buy Czechia Chips
That was exactly what I was getting at hahah
I don't know, I am in Madrid now, and today really feels like the usual winter day here (10°C during the day, and slighty above zero during the night)
Anyone can run for president in many European countries as well.
Don't worry; just because you do something the way the Swedes do it doesn't make you automatically uncultured, even if it's the Swedes
But it still exist
Jesus christ on a stick
We are definitely in a war with Russia.
If you work some extra hours a day those hours go to your "account" and you can use them to go early some other day, you just need to make sure you have all work hours done by the end of every month otherwise, you won't get as much quality bonus (additional money to your salary).
The characters english keyboard has there are written with rAlt
It's when you ring on random people's doorbell and then you immediately run away, so they don't see who rang it
Same goes for Louisiana in the US - worthless waste of taxpayer cash.
The female surname is usually done by adding "ová", but it can have some exceptions like for example:
Governments would rather deal with different shit than this
Warms ma heart
Do those racists say it outloud or make it known?
Everybody lobbies for Green energy but solar and wind are shit
I have found the Czech translations in Harry Potter extremely charming
I'm from Karlovy Vary (Carlsbad) so we got most of our landmarks from the last 2-3 centuries (thus not very historical), we got lotta spas, some thermal springs, a watchtower, an old house (the eldest building in our city, from 16th century I think) and the Three Crosses, a beautiful lookout
Never in my life have I ever noticed that lol
It’s wild
>  Czech or Slovakian films
Thay're real countryside christian conservatives in these issues.
Well, our president is an old drunk dude, with dementia, who hasn't been sober for 7 years of his presidency and our prime minister is megalomaniac/mafia boss, who owns most food, agriculture and media companies, over which he still has a control (unoficially), steals from EU and does shit for people, only if he wants to improve his public image, so things are great
Who is to say one is better than the other?
We mostly don't do that either
Calling it *usurping* just feels kinda negative.
Our coffee culture seems limited to "I need something to keep me awake", that's why "Turek" is still so prominent here.
If it was Friday or any other day during the work week, most people wouldnt have to go to work, schools would be closed, all that stuff
Have you ever seen another statesman doing this in such a cool way
Your "experience" is that you got cold treatment from girls in club
Woaw, what do you guys drinK
Things have a more magical feel and feel way-less nerdy when translators make the effort to work the weird English terms into the other language
If we move east, we'll just cause more trouble.
Although it doesn't have the same ring to it
Not all of them but we have Saint Wenceslas (who technically wasn’t a king) on the 20 Czech crown coin and on the 100 banknote is Charles’s the IV (or I) and in the past there were more of them
He exploited Heydrich's assasins, who then fought bravely against dozens of nazis in a fight they could not possibly win
You're a deregulated heaven compared to Belgium and Netherlands
Hello even more corruption
Neville Chamberlain, 28 September 1938
I don't think Turkey is in the EU
Sice je, ale nezávislé Československo vedlo k znásilnění nacisty a poté sověty
I think we'll pass, Slovaks would get a bit nervous
So are you a proper Belgian or the french one
As a Czech I have no problems to understand Slovaks but mainly due republic was split when I was 15.
Vů kérz
We can see that during Covid much clearer than any other time, local production is key and countries that can manufacture medical equipment on their own are much better off, if this lasts longer even stuff like growing wheat for your country gets much more beneficial
In the protectorate the only higher ranked nazi was Hitler, so it was a big deal
Imagine if the CDU, FDP, and the British Tories had a baby that was twice as stupid and ten times as corrupt as any of those parties
Ooh, so that's where our word for it in Czech - "matjesy" - comes from
nothing was left if something was build, there were some roman military camps and that's pretty much all
Greece as "good results"? That is news to me
George inscriptions] - [students derisive remarks] like:
I wouldn’t change anything on the Czech one
whale - velryba- bigfish
demonstrations
Also the amount of old houses with outdated energy concept
It was
For third either Arabic or Chinese
Me too
Only Bratislava
I like Swedish
There are shit schools and good schools and there are good students and bad students.
As weak and frustrated Russia is, it increases possibility of desparate bite.
That's how it works in many countries that are showing up as mostly yellow, AFAIK
*Non te la dó*
Syllabic r go [brrrr]
Fire up a new website with a clear mind ^(and coincidentally find yourself on the reddit ^again
Most Czech people still get angry if you suggest that there might have been any problems with the deportation of Germans from our territory in 1945 and with how they were treated before it (in some towns, people got straight up shot or thrown into the river just on the basis of their nationality, and it used to be taboo to even research these deaths; some of the deported were German-speaking Jews who had just returned from concentration camps, women were being raped as "punishment", all kinds of messed up shit)
But you wouldn't be able to change sides here
I know British, German anthems well because we sang them at school due to learning English and German
Only impatient people pay and what they get is instant gratification which depletes very quickly
It indeed took a Herculean effort to read all those reviews of 2016's Anthropoid without getting a hernia, what with half of them starting by calling the operation "obscure" and "unknown" and ending by concluding that "the movie reminds us that Auschwitz and the beaches of Normandy weren't the only places affected by WWII".
"Chytit vlka/housera" - to catch a wolf/male goose
You want a list
(And less often used rozmazlující - overcuddling)
How much is the dog tax, just out of curiosity
How restrictive society is
I have seen a black guy in the summer, so there's that.
I am an immigrant to Czech Republic, so yes, of course.
You just kinda have it but it's not on official documents
Wow
nope but been in abandoned and unfinished nuclear power plant at Kazantyp
Orange west good
We were part of it for eight centuries
He also hasn't reacted to the Black Lives Matter protests, one of the largest protest movement in decades, in any way
So far so good
>We want butterflies again
Typical Czechs
And people complain that Eastern European are racist towards certain groups...
I find it interesting that we and Ukraine got the same name for the month, while Croats and Belarussians call it something else completely.
Heh, it's not really that important in real life
Did they march in cities, like a parade?
I hope they are not cooked bone, those could kill your dog like nothing
Can't buy kebab in many places without cash, same for bakery and other small items.
I'd love it to be the standard, so called winter, time because I hate getting up early
It looks like this:
Our humour is so dark, it would be instantly beaten by USA cops
Not just nordic
IMHO There's no real reason for it too because I personaly can't see benefits of it.
I'm also affraid of heights but I don't chew on skyscrapers, do I.
The Netherlands is the worst European country in renewable energy use according to Eurostat so they are nowhere near where they present themselves in terms of the environment
KURVA In Czech and Slovak and KURWA in Polish and Sorb means bitch
Czech Republic sounds better to me
Probably like 10+ years of full immersion
Poor schoolchildren perform better when provided with free meals in school
Love this
It really depends on where you are
At what point europe was united tho?
If you play a devil, remember before sitting down that you have a tail
(Especially the name "Liberec" sounds like liberty)
* farseer (dalekohled) - telescope
I meant the architecture, most of it was built by Russians for Russians in 19
It is modern refusal of Western dominance.
We use duck fat too, just not for vegetable, but usually for cooking some soop And using it instead of water, beacuse it tastes better
He actually used to be extremely smart and well educated man
Basically every big city has a university
I know a guy from the Czech Republic
There is no way the cars would survive Czech highways at such speeds
The Czech legionnaires fought against the Red Army alongside the remnants of the Russian imperial army
Snake generally is had
I don't think there are is one unintelligable accent (I guess it depends from where the listener is) but every accent has several words than no one else understands
"My life's completely fucked up, thanks for asking
A lot of people have German last names, and most of those have been Czech-ified to a certain degree.
Sadly the building has one fatal flaw - the glass panels on the outside are miserably designed, and they keep falling down
The Tsar bomb was so powerful, it divided Slovania in half, one part fell next to the sea and the second one next to Czechia
Hijab is cultural and undergoes strong fashion trends.
We don't have real high speed trains here.
V potoce se voda točí, podemele tvoje oči,
Last week yeah, this week is unbearable so far
I love the fact topography is available for the whole world in [mapy
I mean, atleast he didnt steal from his country ig
The Christmas dinner is about 6 p.m., and it's traditionally [fried carp or Wiener Schnitzel with potato salad] or somewhere it's [fried wine sausage with mashed potato] instead.
Sure, I'm not saying they should treat you like a king and personally I wouldn't say it's too bad, but I've been to some doctors who definitely could treat their patients a bit better
Several days in a row we have almost 10k cases
Scottish Gaelic
so like the current PM
Is there any drama if there isn't exact gram precision because it is hard or impossible to make
anything less than 400km = car, plane for the rest.
They translated it to us as something like "chill nirvana", which kinda went together with the vibe there
I've dated two Italian girls in my life and, ironically, the first one was the worst cook I've ever met
Sweden is the most efficient chocolate to Nobel Prize conversion machine
I also love train journeys, so I'm going to take direct train from Ústí nad Labem to Budapest
And at last the commas
How do Seat and Skoda differ for example?
Comparing with "real" Czechs from that national revival era like Hanka, Palacky, Celakovsky, these are always just with one name or sometimes with the religious one
Lennon Wall is not cultural monument
I bet you will find very few
You could say uber mench
České Budějovice is a relatively nice city, not as pretty as Český Krumlov, but still definitely enjoyable.
* if you invest too much into car infrastructure over public transport, walkability, bike infrastructure etc, you fuck over everyone who can't afford a car
I choose to have free friday every week for more than 3 months during summer and it was awesome, 3 days weekend was great, I enjoyed free time much more,  and I did all my job all right in time anyway
And I get that you might belong to the small minority of people who are still big fans of the A-H monarchy and who see Masaryk's declaration as something full of demagogy and hysteria, but the vast majority of Czechs are glad that we have our own country and thus we're proud and grateful for Masaryk's contribution to the formation of Czechoslovakia
Ostrava: Ustí nad Labem but worse
Salaries in research now are really a joke.
The idea of having to wake up before sunrise the whole winter
And sadly these days many try to minimize the suffering of those times and turn to Putin as white knight protector against Muslims
The assassination of SS-Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich
I know
Very well said
I don't like alcohol
Anyway, we've got *zbojník* ("outlaw", "highwayman") who were often romanticised as someones who refused to live according the rules of the nobility, stole from the rich and gave to the poor, lived with the nature secluded from the society etc
Make no mistake, he could be swapped for someone else if he lost support.
* Jiří z Poděbrad
In my personal case, that's because my field has been pretty much without any improvement, despite numerous talks over the decades with the government.
I live in the capital so not much in my area but in general gameskeeping is quite popular in my country.
Given that our schnitzel, also *řízek* in the superior language, is done exactly the same, I have to back the Austrian school of thought on this issue.
Ostrava dialect sounds a bit lower class
You can translate it to different things, tho
Toto and anything from 50 doesn't ring a bell.
In CK2 and EU4, Bohemia, for obvious reasons
Yes it is
It is mostly famous for saying “Bubble bum” instead of “Bubble gum” and for the immensely weird quotes about steaks and bubble bums
It should block only if you are from EU, so if you connect through VPN it should think you are from US (or some other country outside the EU) a let you upload and download
NATO has already mapped it all out.
Švédská trojka (Swedish threesome) - Basically a threesome
Otherwise it has a very Central European look
Reddit keeps going on about predators but I don't get it
Civil war would start anyway
What do you want to bomb us with
Loads of Slovaks study and then work in Czech Rep so a lot of them have moved here or maybe to Bratislava
cz] which provides more detailed road infrastructure, outdoor map with hiking trails and winter map with ski routes; all of that available for other countries (mainly European)
But why
Because the protests are pro-democracy, which is a Western institution antithetical to the Russian regime, and the main opposition candidate has said that she intends to move away from the Union State treaty between Belarus and Russia
I know that Belgium is very pro-eu county, but in my country - Czech republic there is EU something that people hate even more every year.
I don't care about fashion anyway (at our school, nobody did, we were mathematicians) and Czechs you meet are mostly on vacations, thus in "beach boy" style
Because they are based on OSM, which is great outdoors
Registering costs about 12 USD but they are discussing decreasing the cost as they might do away with cards got each gun as the whole system is getting simplified and more reliant on computers
It still sounds the same as Czech, you just ad - ia at the end
I didn't know that abortion laws are stricter in Austria and Germany
Guns are legal in every country in Europe
\- Czechoslovakia
Plot twist: You have an absolute monster king kong dong and she didn't because it could never fit
It's stranger
net] PO BOX 229, 11121 Prague “. The official abbreviation of the party remained the same - “Vote Right Block [www
Hlína (dirt),
I guess I just might be nordic
(evening may – it was time of love)
), he left one of the highest death tolls in the world and the economy is in ruins
Not really, the languages are so different so I can separate them almost completely
I'll ask again but I'm sure it was some relatively well known American action movie
So he was at least Bohemian
Ye, I noticed it ended about a year after my Erasmus in Denmark
But seriously, its been getting better, 90s were pretty damn wild though
Checking you flair – you are all over the place, buddy
We are successors of glorious Great Moravia.
Removing it would make Czech simpler but some information would be lost from the language
" or something equally as unfunny
The persecution of certain religious figures was what it was - persecution of figures, not - as the Catholics try to sell it as - persecution of the church
I understand keeping it illegal doesn't really help anyone (except the black market)
Greetings from Czechia
Medvídek mýval - -> little washer bear as well
Cute little bell they have there.
The rules for writing capital letters are already mess in czech grammar, and each other language I learn have a different rules for writing them
German, since it's a pretty useful language, same with Spanish and as a third choice I'd choose Japanese because why not
I only ever use the czech one if I can't find something on the english one or I'm looking for something czech, because it usually has more info on stuff that originated in the czech republic
Why not let the users decide for themselves if and how they protect their privacy?
personally, I did it for two reasons:
I received many honks during that time
Give yourself a pat on the back
The best frenemies
TIL, thank you
OK:
So weight of one mask is like 6,5kg, sounds legit
The elite is living in its own universe.
Yes, i/y has a different function but only in the orthography
Lots of it depends on the train availability
I like the little bridge between the buildings and I can't explain why
Started maybe 2 years ago and it's been a journey
And a lot of useless words were invented
This is the result of exclusive and not inclusive rhetoric of our politicians, it's saddening.
You will never hear from those people on this site, simply because a poster here is very likely someone well educated and coming from a relatively rich background.
Hodit šavli (to throw a saber) - to vomit
(Even if I'm not foolish enough to try and speak it)
EDIT: BTW, let's lighten this topic up a bit: my grandmother told me a funny story from post-expulsions South Moravia
As the sub is young, many might still be exploring their ways in the sea of sex
At very close range, it doesnt really matter
Wonder if anyone would want to guess those cities
He ended up with 8.5 years in prison.
Same reason why nationalistic retards all over the EU prevent us from forming a single country.
cibulka
When the car says same thing in Germany I am pretty uncomfortable thinking "did that sign I seen 15 km before says "Next gas station is 67 or 97 km"??, together with some road works and hitting a weekend where school holidays ends for one part of Germany and starts for another is another level of fun :)
The ordinal one, but not the cardinal one which, frankly, is more relevant
For example, the law says the president names prime minister, and prime minister asks the parliament for the confidence vote
We were taught about Czech dialects at my school and how they differ
You get taken to these places as a child with school fairly early
I don't think Russia has the slightest idea.
We got a lot of hatred from some Americans a couple of years ago because of a bombing that took place in Boston
Some such as math and physics are actually quite good
And it would mean being brave
The first one on a good university, the second one on an okay university
We consider ourselves perfectly normal; it's all the other people who are loonies
"LOL dat hairs
EDIT: spelled the cycles name wrong
Previous presidents never said "no, I am not going to do so".
Not German and not my grandfather, but my grandmother was in the BDM but fell in love with a British soldier and came to the UK with him at the end of the war
I always percieved Spaniards' or generally Southern Europeans' skin complexion as variety of white and hence answered accordingly in the test which extremely biased my results.
the expulsion also affected women, children, the elderly, everybody.
Maybe a little bit, just because Brexit was largely driven by the dislike of EE migrants, so it's kind of hard to not take a bit personally, being from this part of Europe.
These national minorities can use their language for official communication, can assemble in the Government Council for National Minorities which is an advisory body of our government and their cultural activites are financially supported from the budget.
>"KGB units were present during 1946-48"\citation needed])
You should not vote for known liars and thieves (again).
English is such a boring and barebones language
Damn, my country is really shitty
Back in 2017, I went from the Czech Republic to Edinburgh
Such a diverse coalition won't have common vector
I agree it is excessive and unfortunately, we have to maintain it to hold global hegemony or lose it all.
No food until the big Christmas dinner
Dont tell me theres a river there
I personally know it from Strictly and on this subreddit, they say it's a place where young people go to lose virginity (or smth like that)
We are changing our Health Minister once again
Their cavalery inveted letherhosen.
Slovak MEPs aren't right wingers at all.
But after a while I gave it a chance and I love it, you just have to find subreddits you find interesting.
Mňau same pronunciation as English
I am gonna go ahead and admit that I am driving faster than a speed limit on a highway (obviously when the road is clear, safe and the traffic is mild), but not because I have places to be, but because I enjoy driving a little faster
That's actually interesting
In case of coalitions, it's usually leader of the party that got most votes out of the ones in the coalition (usually the biggest one
Then once it's clear the technology is shit they switch to a different bullshit technology to suck out more subsidies for their projects.
Hell no
Yeah, I had a class at university with an Italian professor who told us about the highway assassination
If México can into Europe, why not our Canadian friends?
Neither of them was particularly bitter about Germans
and it's a guy who lives in cellar of his parents home.
Let me know which one are correct
Then there are tourists in the SPA areas (rich ones in Karlovy Vary, the poorer ones in Poděbrady)
But I'm so glad he did because it was a very unique experience
If 40 % of the country supported the crap above, Poland would be in a much, much worse state than it is now
I agree entirely, but I do find it a little odd that everyone was more or less fine with tolerating him until *this* particular election
Just another example of how politicians give a shit about people and their voices
Apparently the most common folkloric being in Czechia is the vodník / wasserman / vodyanoy
It's often people who have strong feelings about these things who will come and answer this kind of questions.
You greet each other in turkish?
I finished Control recently and it is awesome how it fits into the same universe as Alan Wake
It is reasonable to leave the country if you wish to, but you *do* have an obligation to your homeland
Poland
It was proven times and again, that there is strong correlation between school successes and the food
This way I never forget my keys when going out
Isn't that similar to a Spanish tortilla
It allows you to spend 1-2 semesters abroad and for a lot of people who've tried it, it's a really good experience
Even though its a Slovak song, here in czechia it blasts every summer too, all day long, baby
OP was specifically asking about dumplings with fillings
Paris wasn’t even that bad compared to the piles of garbage on every street in Rome
cz] post or somewhere
Think about it, if literally everyone from everywhere around the world is saying how confusing and bad the situation in Amsterdam is in regards to the clashing of cyclists and pedestrians, it just MIGHT BE a fault of the cyclists and poor planning than just everyone's elses
As far as I know, we have no weird/stupid government agencies
The 10% showing are actually all from south Moravia
Coats and shoes (changing from your outdoor shoes into slippers is a huge deal in this country, including in school buildings) were kept in "changing rooms" [like this] in the basement, shared by each class
No it didn't and Great Moravia didn't have any connections too
The Main reason was to stop the Islamic (Turkish) threat.
(From normal network, not expecting answer like Ford Escort from tuzex
“ is pronounced „Jagje
And then slavic settlements from 7th century.
I see the problem, but that still leaves countries like Germany open to tackle youth unemployment in other member states and increase their labour pool at the same time.
And this is about USA, not Europe, but also from TV
Dead and undead are both dead, tho
Shame there was no questions about the language.
Nowadays "y" and "i" are pronounced the same as /ɪ/.
Pes - pejsek (dog
The Stonehenge and surrounding landscape
I don't drink beer
It’s gonna be 30°C. I’m gonna melt
*czech
[Like this] where the new parts don't pretend to be old but are like transparent 'ghosts' of what used to be there
Oh, that sucks
>prestigious
Like some Bavarian politicians, aristocratic Germans and once even the chancellor herself talking about CZ compensating the Sudeten Germans (which is a completely idiotic proposition given the context and complexity)
You can't give your child a name that's a diminutive/nickname derived from a name, it has to be in the "default" version
Minsk has much larger % of protesters than outside of Minsk
There are signs in public places that remind people to “watch their belongings”:
(Even if I'm not foolish enough to try and speak it)
\-- Andrej Babiš
Time will tell if there will be a bigger divide between my 'generation' (born in the late 90's) and these 'americanized youngsters'. Because I'm not sensing much of it
Yeah we do, but not with sour cream, that's an interesting combo
Czechia is relatively gay friendly, at least compared to other CEE countries.
Bricks
There is much larger proportion of people who don't mind their oragans being used to save lives after their death.
In the past, children did a lot of works around farms just to support family
As for that, my mother attempted to learn, but there's only so much a course once a week can do
Blackpool is apparently some sort of a ghost town and not British Hollywood as I initially thought
ODS actively despises anyone who need to make use of our social security system
I wasn't one of those people, hence I have to say that I don't know
Here would be Poland or Hungary
For sure, they kept their national identity and didn't integrate at all almost everywhere.
Pretty much the same as OP's.
If those policies were not effective, Germans would not tell us to enact them.
Britain bad
And can't drink a beer in public
Call it that, not something that it isn't.
That would be Charles University
And would you consider it immoral to use a free service and block ads
"alright guys, we've finished the chapter
When French gave up Czechoslovakia to Germans and then Germans defeated French with Czechoslovakian weapons
same here, we call it jed
I feel cheated I can't go to summer vacations to Italy as planned and this should make up for it, I just replace the sea with Rome sights, restaurants, bookstores
So you would advocate for a trump like ban on certain refugees in Europe?
okruzhnist (geometry) is kružnice in Czech
They are sold on refrigerated shelves in shops and fridges usually have got a dedicated shelf for eggs as well
Which would be either Kutná Hora or Pardubice
For example it would be realistic if Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria and Hungary all hosted together.
Why is that
And not just once
Why do you think it's faux wood
Because they pay such low salaries.
I assumed "titles" means subtitles because title being translated is alien to me
I am going to get downvoted into oblivion for this but here I go
Yes, I'd say it is a literal translation of 'computer'.
My grandparents were definitely into it 10 or 15 years ago, but it's been replaced by shady online stores that resell cheap Chinese stuff to people who haven't heard of Wish/AliExpress, MLMs, and stores selling products under the "As seen on TV" label that have kinda become their own thing now
Why do you think it's just Poles and not Eastern Europeans in general?
But the father will not arrive and something goes wrong with the robot
They have stopped pushing the issue mostly, so that's good
For example, its completely normal to carry weapons here while its unthinkable just across the border in Germany
6:1 is actually better than what they generally show in stats
As long as you keep up with news from multiple media outlets and countries, I think you are in the clear.
I guess tourists pay in euros sometimes(large shops and touristy restaurants accept them), but cards are widely accepted almost everywhere, sot that's always a nice alternative.
yes yes, a rare option to see boobs in TV during cold war era :)
That sounds pretty funny, NGL
You might understand us, but we can't for the love of god decipher what you're saying because of how fast ur speaking
Assuming the polls are correct, and she gets (according to the most conservative figures) 25% of the vote and goes to a second round, as expected.
Thats bullshit mate
The cycle of cars
It's also important to mention that we have 3 times the population of both of them them combined, so we got like way more people to make them do good.
never heard this one, where are you from
But it still exist
Because at that point, it was already beyond repair
When you're unemployed/child/retired/student the state pays it for you
These definitely need to be countered.
I can't think of someone more rational on the small Czech YouTube scene
> I see no reason for not bringing it back
Magical word
LOL and some of us still don't want to admit we're still mentally in Eastern Europe
Yep, absolutely, it's the same in both cases.
It's funny
That is really bad if I have to assume.
In modern day history, our first Czechoslovak president Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk was called *Tatíček Masaryk* (Daddy Masaryk).
Screw-propeler, contact lenses, cube shaped sugar and most famously in eastern region, semtex
Three months to go, try not to give a heart attack to your queen, limeys
My dad as a 11-year-old helped distributing anti-Soviet leaflets during the Warsaw Pact Occupation of 1968 and my mum was the first to return the Communist Party membership card at her workplace in 1989
When French gave up Czechoslovakia to Germans and then Germans defeated French with Czechoslovakian weapons
Small class isn't a win
Pure nonsense
Our president who is disrespecting the constitution is finally getting sued
For starters - there was a sudden change in 1989 - in just year or two, every aspect of society incredibly changed, including school system, access to religion services, even very possibility for private enterprises to even exist.
I like the one we have, though the old Bohemian style [flag] would be cool too
I don't think I ever realized, but you are right
You've served in Iraq
Kinda unrelated, but when we come to visit you in summer, many of us giggle like idiots in restaurants and fast food stands, because you word for drinks "pića" is the same as our word for pussy - "piča" xd
But constitution just states president do it, and he argues that there is no time limit and that there isn’t written he has to do it
For example USSR allowed the training of German tank and air forces on it's territory, because Versailles Treaty prohibited such things in Germany
FB was supposed to be testing cross app messaging on their apps afaik, but I'm not sure if anything came out of it
I am factually from Europe, therefore at some level of analysis, I am European, it's just a matter of how much I identify with that label
I think it would mostly depend on their language fluency and perceived level of "integration" with the culture
29 CZK is over 1 €.
My favourite: šrajtofle - Geldbörse
Nice framing of the picture
Oh god
Also importing muslim immigrants
Yeah, Ano is just a scheme to rob the country of as much money as possible
the hell
If they did, they would get told off and their stupid opinions would soon be forgotten
love you bratia
The EU does an absolutely *atrocious* job of explaining what it's doing
LOL and some of us still don't want to admit we're still mentally in Eastern Europe
How much of real manufacturing is still left in UK
We are next
a sad day for internet freedom in europe
Now or the next winter
During spring we also celebrate easter, by basically "whipping" women with a willow stick (The whipping is just going back and forth behind the woman's behind) and then we get either sweets or alcohol (The women actually want to be "whipped" because the tradition is they will stay young for longer)
Love you guys too
I don't know if it counts because it is a complex of multiple buildings
The second one killed more people, but what most people had to go through in the first one was imho worse
It's boring
kovadlina, kovadlo here in cz
a czech who doesn't drink beer
A lot of people either love it or hate it, everyone here has an opinion on it
Those were about equally sized towns which should be obvious since I'm talking about studying at a university
About 25%.
All multiculti freaks should read Jinnah.
I dont see a laptop/phone as a benefit since its usual work tool
This would be boycotted by V4 because these rules means that there is a realistic chance of having to accep even one refugee.
That sounds so awful
Returning them wouldn't really achieve anything if your goal is to preserve and celebrate ancient cultural heritage
In general, middle ground will always make most people least unhappy
It's not connected to the sea, so the water wouldn't be salt, it would be interesting to have this giant lake next door in this drought aand
I would bet Sanders had a real fighting chance against Trump too, as he has similar anti-PC rhetoric like Trump.
Its the best Netflix show imo
Sorry for that
One cage for whole class
Planning for 2050 is waste of time
Minus the war of course
CZ - secularism part of czech identity, urban, not really traditional
It's funny and catchy
Pennala FIN
Nazi mods are already banning the truth, what a surprise.
Čus
Yeeting politicians out of windows
There are simply not any similar towns even in Moravia/Silesia with that long travel time to Prague
German - der Stuhl - a chair
In Czech leanguage it sounds very simliar
Its not really easier to kill one person with a gun
Beer drinking and throwing politicians out of windows
The asian and jewish part is what surprises me
Ironically, nation who suffered the most under Stalin is full of his apologists
But we have Jan - Honza (derivated from german Hans)
The Acropolis of Athens
I remember when I started learning English as a kid, I was astonished when I found out the word *víkend* is just a Czech transcription of English "weekend" and *tramvaj* is a transcription of "tramway".
I believe that in Russian this word used to mean "deputy" as in "deputy minister": tovarysh ministra
Siberia
And yes - every once in a while something happens related to earlier history in my tiny town of 8
The man is a living meme
Meh, numerous treasuries were robbed by pretty much every country when they've managed to siege the opponent's capital and major cities.
That's because Poles know that
" Because malta - mortar in Czech, usually meaning you are going to work on the house (or "Malta and Písek", Písek being one town and also sand)
Of course, there are few, mainly communists, who cite this as an example of why Western Europe sees us as inferior nation and why should we embrace Russia instead, but they are just a vocal minority and it's a non-issue for most people in nearly every context.
Not that I wasn't aware that many British had this attitude before, I just didn't know there were so many of them.
"On 22 October 2019, the Chamber of Deputies passed a non-binding resolution condemn[ing] all activities and statements by groups calling for a boycott of the State of Israel, its goods, services or citizens
Was in a bar at dresden
Members of the community have written in to comment on the quality of submissions and some of the less respectful debate that has been hosted on the subreddit
In 2008 Czech researcher found memo that Czech-born writter Milan Kundera in 1950 could report a person he thought was a Western agent to communist regime authorities
That's the case in any democratic society; boundaries exist and must exist
In the Balkans, they often end with -ić for both men and women, but for the rest of the Slavic (and Baltic, excluding Estonia) countries this applies
Because of a very negative feedback, she returned to original English names in A Dance with Dragons so AFFC remained only as a bad memento
Maybe if we just stuck with Czechia since 1993 already, more people would notice the change
Or Battle of Vitkov hill where around 100 peasants stood against army of 7000-8000 crusaders and "won".
Next two days are for visits
I was wondering, how he could have been elected, because he is unelectable for many social democrats.
Tenkjů.
I can so-so tolerate shrimp but the idea of crabs, lobster, mussels etc and food makes my stomach turn
I would say the city of Brno
Next prove of Russia is that, what happened today
Then there are some medieval things, for example various massacres during Hussite wars, but that can be mostly seen as a standard medieval wartime stuff nowadays - cities razed, religious opponents being executed en masse etc
They hadn't some products decade ago, so they won't have it again.
Like "Nikdo nezraněn", literally "Nobody not injured" actually means "Nobody injured" in Czech, even though it said the opposite even in Czech
I enjoyed my 2 hours in the center of Pisa
So I don't think there are
This
"Wolala
Yes, with the Velvet Revolution to be specific
I agree with the Roma part
beer weed methamphetamine
Nowadays NATO is built around specific member states doing parts of work
the fellowship
And then there's those horrible "czech" puns
Do we even have that option
" fucking dumb honestly
Do you know anyone who does
wait what
There is a bunch of those small villages in 5 minut ride by car/ 15 minutes by train kind of distance around Pilsen, where this kind of money would easily get you 350-400 square meters of house, plus another 1500 meters of land around it
Did Hans Rosling ever make a similar presentation about how little immigration to rich countries can help?
Pro: Alcohol
Sad thing is that he was actually doing something even tho he broke his own rules
Well I'm glad there are islands (like my home country) where that statement holds and I hope that they will grow.
If this hypothetical person shares an apartment with a whole bunch of people, then maybe they can save 200€ a month or so at most
But I don't blame people he has very good persuation, communication and manipulation skills
Two of my great-grandfathers fought in WW2 - on opposing sides
Disliked is IMHO a too strong word
If you get really drunk and pass out on the street or in the bus, your wallet or phone can get "lost".
that's not a homonym, they're pronounced differently
For typical one
He can be overridden by the parliament, but since there are often weak coalitions or, right now, a minority cabinet, he plays one party against the other and comes out on top
Yes, mainly Slovakia
So fucking sad
In the first couple of years, it was mostly about Christianity and when we were older, we were taught religionistics about other religions as well
Nine one OP
Now there are two of you
Overthrowing the republic is not an civil option either, so we have no choice but to wait.
It's the effort that counts
Thats actually amazing
Cold War was probably the best time of human history
people don't think and throw everything everywhere + many are drunk
He is considered second worst "killer" only behind Mao Zedong.
I don't understand
Fresh vs
They can easily be (or become) misanthropic from their loneliness
However, probably only English enforces type checking, we use C enums so it's all integer constants.
Gun ownership in the US is much much higher
You guys in Greece wear socks in sandals
It's only marginally popular, but in my district specifically it is a fairly common sport for children
Some things I noticed about regular scouts here is they have lots of (although sometimes dated) infrastructure - bases in almost every town, many capmsites and so on
If you'd tell this to someone 70 years ago, they would laugh at you
I hate myself for taking my time to dissect your comment like this, and I feel dirty as a result of it, but to me it seems like you live in a very specific bi-national family and have probably only really experienced Czechia in the form of Slovácko
> I find it a bit annoying when I see women with shaved armpits in films about any time before the 70s though
* Macbeth: unknown word here and there, but otherwise perfectly ok
On the other side, the flow goes also the other way.
* Mám to v prdeli (I've got it in the ass)
Když čteš Rivers nebo Hill, tak ti to prostě přijde jako obyčejný anglický příjmení a neřešíš.
As for Germany, my go-to is *Moskau*. I may regret confessing this but I know the lyrics to *Dicke Lippen*. I read the lyrics shortly after I started learning German and was encouraged by understanding them (because they are do fucking stupid)
Seriously
Yep, robota is the word it originates from, which is an unpaid unfree work in Czech language
hedgehog = "kaktus pochodówy"
All I know is that Brno is pretty cursed
Not really
Also the act of being the seeker is called *pikat*. When the seeker finds the hider, they shout: *"Deset, dvacet"* (Ten, twenty) + the hider's name
There’s us, who speak proper Czech, then there’re the other people in the other part of country, who don’t know how to speak Czech and then there’s Prague
My country is very eurosceptic.
What Masaryk did was that he managed to get international recognition for the state and that was hugely important
They've been overflowing into other places for several years now.
We used to have a Polish priest in our little town next to the border, and he was very nice person (atheist here, of course).
In Czech Republic you can often find great local farmer products in wine stores
About 2 million (at least according to some website i've found) tourists visit it every year, especially Koreans and Chinese for some reason and the town centre is basically made for tourists [and out of tourists
I've been living here for my whole life and I actually have 2 black friends (one is from South African Republic and the other one is half Cuban) and they said that they have not ever experienced racism in Czech Republic.
The thing is, (except few exceptions) we (my language) read every word letter by letter exactly how it's written
Personaly should be
For this reason we thank you for your help
That person is a fucking estébák. I hope you kinda understand it
Mea culpa
Some people decided the word changed though and pronounce it similar to Chechnya and that's just stupid
Czech Republic here, also my vote goes to the pirate party,  and many friends and acquaintances also will vote for them
But I can see łódź in the bottom right corner, I'm confused
exchange rate is something from pretty fair to 75% of current value or even less
It was 1968, but you are right
That it doesn't represent a cultural connection across the entire continent?
My danish friends weren't even that surprised when I told them..
We start sooner at 6 or 7, and recently bilingual schools became very popular.
Everyone here knows the poem Máj (May) by Karel Hynek Mácha, but it isn't as widely known outside the czech republic as the examples OP listed
), we say "Jsi Maďar
To be prepaired for the next crash in Europe.
Well I'd say that contemporary Paris has a different, slightly less appealing smell
* rád: adverb "gladly"
Related languages have cognates
It's great, this old quarter is especially nice
In Czech leanguage it sounds very simliar
I can legally meet with at most one person outside of my family or workplace and we must wear masks the entire time
We are tackling the language barrier a little bit here
Well, in Europe I mostly know where the cities are located (no clue about Kent, or all those -shire counties - I only know some names)
It is going to be really tiresome to listen speculations about the impeachment for whole eight years.
is it a thing
My friend works in a factory, he cant just decide to leave because the machine needs operators
It’s pain in the ass when I think about the stuff they got in Scandinavia etc
EDIT: BTW, let's lighten this topic up a bit: my grandmother told me a funny story from post-expulsions South Moravia
> governments deliberately make it hard to pass it on to the next generation
It's pretty good in some STEM industries like IT or engineering, but just the beginning for other fields.
> Ezo and homeopathy and all that jazz is incredibly strong here
Usually correct endings for plural adjectives are "í/é" for masculine, "é" for feminine and "á" for neutral, but in common czech people would use ending "ý" for every plural adjective
* (el) porqué == (the) reason
Screw-propeler, contact lenses, cube shaped sugar and most famously in eastern region, semtex
Plus I would like to see some steps to limit the amount of capital that is being taken away from the country in the form of dividents.
But the regional differences were small, because communism
This is why socialism is coming from the west, not from the east as it was in the past
Před pikolou za pikolou nikdo nesmí stát nebo nebudu hrát.
Remove the gate and add the heat generator and Paris is good to go for some Ice age
As for the suffix, females don't have to add the suffix when marrying in some cases:The woman is a foreigner, or plans to live long term in foreign country, or the man has foreign surname and is a foreigner
Yes, WW2 had some instances when it was incredibly brutal, but the conditions soldiers had to go through on the frontlines of WW1 were in my opinion worse
Until then it had the same control structure as West and East Germany
We're earlier gen Z, and my schoolmates get wasted weekly
I believe I was taught the same in my school days (1980s)
ah shit too soon
It happens pretty regularly that I first recall a word in English and only then in Czech
There are people in the USA and UK who would love to be anywhere but home, much like you.
I don't recall Romania & Bulgaria being in the news in 2014 nearly as often as the refugee crisis this year/last year.
Is his name Ivan by any chance
Other than that, fine
Pragueee
Struggle of the people is "taken for granted" during a war, there is no need to highlight it.
That would work in the US, people fear the government would abuse the registry, i dont think the fear is unfounded
Ours wasn't a famous dictatorship, just a regular run-of-the-mill communist dictatorship, but making fun of it, not to mention talking about it, is pretty commonplace and not taboo at all
It's not binary: some voters are dumber, some voters are smarter.
no one knows, legends says city is from 8th century so something like 1300years.
I'd be on the frontlines with a bohemian regiment of the imperial army
I'd rather have another term of Donut Emperor than let ODS take the wheel
We had "Technical Drawing" which was actually engineering drawing for a year in the second to last year of elementary school
>like the same sports
It was probably older than me and just kinda existed there
66% voters turned up
Sorbs were the same case
EU population is 500 millions, it is 6.8% of the 7.5 billions world population.
shiit, didn't play
And Czech language did comeback
Because of them is "nationalism"  perceived negatively
In the last census of 2011, 25 000 ppl.
Exactly it celebrates beauty of our nature
I had to change it a little because of translation to keep the joke
Thats why education is very important
Ye i work in usti and its really digusting
This was absolutely hopeless though.
You don't know him
But people believe it because of stereotypes without checking the data
No rohlík for 50 halířů anymore
Everyone outside of Prague hates people from Prague and vice versa
I didn't know socks in sandals were also a German speciality
I'd say that being religious in our times already raises some questions about that person's sanity and suitability for a position of power.
Rakousko-Uhersko
It feels to me as much more important holiday than May 1st
I meant pistols but said guns, my mistake.
Shame I am totally tone-deaf
He, she, it
We learn cursive only, though many people learn printed-like by themselves
People seem to be amused by our informal greetings, whether it's *čau* (from the Italian ciao) or *ahoj* (from
As for a song everyone knows I would say something from Karel Gott
Actually, my university has a contract with one university in Reykjavik
Adjusting to home traffic after returning was worse
In English, Jonathan is shortened to John, James to Jim, Benedict to Ben, Timothy to Tim, Thomas to Tom
" meaning roughly "Oh, really
If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them
That nazi judge was tremendous arsehole.
Cold beer is better with group of people in pub, than alone from bottle or can, but even that is better than warm one from plastic bottle
God I will celebrate so hard when he finally kicks the bucket
Used to be massive reddit community, easily over 500k very active members, since they've been kicked out they have been completely eliminated
Funnily enough, "silný" (strong) is also used as a polite word for "tlustý" (fat).
Computer- Počítač which means counter (as in one who counts)
I've lived in Germany too, and I feel like the quality of life is still a good bit higher there, not only in terms of purchasing power, but also the way stuff works (administration, customer services, etc
Such a thing would raise a lot of eyebrows why is military budget used to supply police work
But I really couldn't think of anyone else who would be hated by the most Czechs
I'd never had a 'thing' for French culture, never learned French in school or anything like that, it was completely random that we met while we were both staying temporarily in Germany
Just for the good measure
This is something impossible to assess for an average visitor
IMHO the SK government would never support this plan.
Many of the "green" countries are buying big portion of electricity consumption from other not so green states
My sister watched this show and she was very mad by their Czech
And one restaurant translated fried Hermelín as fried ermine
Just a shy of 27 Euros per month for 100/100 line.
Host in Czech means guest, so i get that mixed up quite often
Post 2010 are from okay to suppa (except Kemama, papa bless cancelation of 2019
"Thank you for lowering the bar."
And if there were any issues it was mostly coming from the vietnamese parents who wanted their child to be with another vietnamese only
you are funny and we care about your comments, have a nice day
I don't know anyone who has any religion
I wish people were a little warmer and the politics wasn't such a mess
Yet we had snow and minus ten at night a few days ago
Matter of fact this probably can't be classified as any particular architectonic style, due to it not having any
It's the maritime border that cannot be locked down.
whoa whoa are you telling me Bavaria is not south western Europe?
How many hetero men search for big dick (looking at men's favorites)?
And then there is a surprisingly similar history and a mindset, to an extent
[This] is a perfect example of czenglish from our former prime minister
You'll barely find any tourists outside Prague 1 and 2.
What else
I think Luxembourg has a total ban
You get executed for treason
We're not that fond of the American gun culture over here for starters.
They would probably change their mind if they had to recognize Kosovo though.
(I was working for a company running business almost 24/4 on whole globe, due to some short staff issues and something else a short term replacement was needed.
But as head of goverment
It will lower the number of children being advantaged on this (though of course, some of them will always borrow their parents' or whovever's ID but even that's okay if it will raise parents' interest in what their children are doing online), and in a long run, the loot box mechanism may cease to be a profitable model for the companies
Politically insignificant
I've had no problems even when I travelled for business to our offices in the Germany, USA or anywhere else
Veselé Vánoce
They spend most of their time bickering between each other and patting themselves on the back that our economy is doing pretty good.
Nobody cares irl outside of a few people on reddit
Thank you and kind of surprised you know it plus Slovakia industrialized during communism at least we did something Italy didn't manage to do.
However, there were also separate lessons on history of literature that complemented the history lessons, especially in culturally important periods
somewhere between "*mass murderer*", "*capable war leader*" and "*butcher*"
It does get better with age I found
It's like flat earthers but it kills children instead of humiliating yourself
Barney is above-average big, most of other dogs of the same breed are not as big.
Let’s just say that the bottle of water I buy at the station costs more than the ticket for my hour and a half long journey
pretty much this, fuck this human scum in general no matter their nationality
We don't really have a choice since we have two foreign languages in elementary school, but I would learn anyway.
Also somehow they import immigrants to europe because they are on it with Soros, with more docile population and shit
Im sure knife injuries are also underreported but its much easier to explain a cut by saying it was an accident than doing the same for a gun shot
Any particular story responsible for that?
Zero
Use Czech republic or Czechia, whichever you want, but Czechoslovakia really isn't up to date.
They were biological robots in the original work, humanoids similar to Frankenstein's monster
>But yes, everyone was expected to use standard Czech, …
Because while we learned about American Thanksgiving traditions at school, it never involved an information about children sitting separately
Or r/TechnicallyTheTruth
My issue is that here on reddit, there are several Czech redditors who are gun enthusiasts, which is fine, but please don't pretend like it's totally the norm here
Of course they won ellections fair and square
It was worst war that have even been in the Czechia
Disability card
There's [another list with Canada and Australia added
That didn't really work out, did it?
Visiting any of these places doesn't really feel any different to what it's like here, while I can definitely start feeling the difference when going further west/east/south/north
Unless you're literally going on an exchange program to MIT's official subsidiary in Croatia, you're probably wasting your time.
But consumer tech is critical for your image is a global technology leader
Switzerland was first to adopt a version of fiscal compact in Europe in 2003.
Eating from the same plate with one spoon and also sterling the bride
Shockingly its still the case in many rural areas of Sjælland not far from Copenhagen
I still write in cursive
It's still all over the place if you go there
Together they got around 40% of the vote
What is the poet trying to say by this picture?
I once saw a sign in polish saying „Czechów nie obsɫugujemy, p.s Krecik to cwel
memorials of soldiers who died on your soil are OK in my book
One of the better things to came from the imperial times.
They only know them from what is presented on television \^\^
On our school its a little more about philosophy
Luckily we were used to western allies selling our country to dictators, so it hurt only little
Be specific
You can also use czech search engine by Seznam
Prague, Prague 1 is so filled with tourists you basically have half of the shit for them and the other for the people living there
*páni - men* (alternatively can be used to express surprise, kinda like "wow")
[^(Czech Wikipedia)]
I don't even have a driver's license
Loud, obnoxious, rude, aggressive, very prone to crime (especially stealing and drugs), very prone to never work a day in their lives and instead have 10+ kids with their cousins and milk benefits
Good attempt tho ngl
I could imagine both
"Whole" eastern europe hates their government, some hate the country, but never Poland (or they have emigrated already, or plan to).
Also, since the president has the presidential pardon in his hands, and our prime minister is being accused of economic crimes and is in a conflict of interest (he own a major business he's, allegedly, favoring in state subsidies and cracking down on his business rivals)
Then this seems to be more of a problem of Romanian public healthcare rather than "free" healthcare in general being bad
This
Actually so many languages, but Polish is my favourite right now, kind of because i can understand it a bit, plus it sounds so soft, almost artistic
they should put the second line of the MRZ if they want to be taken seriously by clients
I mean, it's def not at every second corner, but if a town has about 50-70k inhabitants, there will probably be a KFC
Looked quite ugly, sorry, there is definitely more to explore
It's hard for me to understand how 63% of the Czechs have a negative view of the EU
Pila in czech =saw (the tool)
You can verb without any suffixes, google it
So it's words like thorough, girlfriend, rural etc
Not really, if you want Polish groceries you usually just go to Poland to buy some
german speaking but not germans aka jews or czechs who spoke german
No, I mean the machine that goes [PING
what if just germans took his bike away, again..
I get woken up almost everyday around 6:30 because that's apparently a prime time for pigeons to have a swingers party at my balcony
Some people say it will not last long because of cheap materials, it will desintegrate in 5 years, but these are just abusing that furniture and handle with it like 20cm thick undestructible oak table
I'd be surprised if more than a thousand people in the whole country deny it
There are 3-4 people injured by guns for every killed one on average
It seems like people are lazy using "Latin American" and shorten it just to "Latin" not thinking about the etymology.
Prague is not just nice asphalt paths, especially if you need to cross downtown areas, these "dutch" style heavy city bicycles, with couple of gears if ever are not really handy too considering the difference between highest and lowest point in Prague is more than in whole Denmark and about whole Netherlands
Just everywhere in Europe
Could anybody explain to me how Turkey managed to decrease their murders from 3,216 in year 2012 to less than 2,000 last year?
It could be worse
some people should not be allowed to drink I know it on my own I know people that are kinda jerks on their own let alone drinking but once when they start it makes everything even worse.
Being located in the center of the continent is cool now when we have peaceful neighbours but historically it was a big mess and we got caught in power battles all the time
This sounds like a Saturday night in Czechia
ř, rž, žr all sound different to our ears)
I actually meant that she was a highly positioned employee *of* the Cabinet ("Managing Director of the Section of the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic's Cabinet" to be precise), not  a *member* of the cabinet (Minister)
Naturally, they weren't "officially seen" or talked about, but they existed in numbers.
And yeah, Alfas and especially Lancias are legendary, I think Delta Integrale is one of the best looking cars ever made
I prefer keeping changing times which is more natural (you have sunrise closer to the time when you wake up), but generally summer time is better for me (more sunshine/daylight in the afternoon after work)
We need to keep this up so that Babiš et al
100 square meters houses just outside the city (both Pilsen and Prague, with Prague ones being a bit smaller and having significantly smaller ground around
sure, as soon as we get some financial support for our own minorities from USA.
Well I'm fine with using nuclear power too, that's already much better
Tick-borne diseases kill about 6 a year
It's close to every other country in Europe, in case I feel like traveling, I like the countryside and the multitude of old castles and chateaus everywhere, there is a lot to do in the cities, our standard of living is not half bad, even though our wages are much lower than in Western Europe, and overall I don't have all that much to complain about
It's funny, because (at least we were taught that in school) it's not considered a murder, you are just throwing people out of a window and it's on God if he's gonna let them live or die
Seriously one American asked me this
Surname
Fried Cheese
WW3 incoming
France should be stripping these people of citizenship and sending them home.
Not sure if this is going to work with some random text
Yeah, I'm sure you're never wrong, scholar
Also, to clarify, when I say I am speeding, I don't mean I am doing 200 in a 130 zone
The Czech Republic is culturally divided into 3 main areas - Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia and there are so many different slangs
It clearly shows that this decline was caused only by domestic guests who booked 8.3% LESS accomodation in the UK in the past year.
Czech verb "šukat" used to mean "do small things", but then evolved to "move back and fro" and later to "fuck". Now, imagine the class reading [this book] from mid-XIX century, where the grandmother was "fucking around the house".
It's also not quite legal, aka you can get fined if you do it in front of a policeman, but generally, people don't care, thus they don't bother the police
V Českých Budějovicích by chtěl žít každý!
That's about the only things that seem noteworthy.
When you discover after some time this nonrewarding grind, you either stop playing or take out credit card and realize it few hunred bucks later
I had just a few days
But we still managed
It' gets a bit dull playing Portugal in CK2 when you can't even opress American and African primitives though.
We used to insult people by marking them as StB [estébák] (civil associates of secret police)
You can find almost all major architectural styles in Prague
I've been to Kosovo
Not sure if it's eqully common, but one can find them here in popular hiking areas
If you wanna be aware, it's easy to recognize Russian diplomatic plates, it's white letters on red backround
Laughs in Czech
You finish school when 20-25, you work 35 years, you retire and live next 35 years
At 14 we got a new English teacher who gave us a test to see our level
I absolutely loved it
Interestingly I've read that this legend is said in all three countries (CZ, Poland and Russia) and in each of those countries the legend differs in the fact of who was the "dominant" one.
Returning is fine too, as long as you don't come for my family's house
together with this
Some people here say the sun comes out at 3-4am in summer
That's what I meant by my previous comment
they received 37 046 votes, that is 1,56 %.
Maybe they'll guess New York
"Dělá vlny" - he's making waves, as in doesn't want to cooperate, agree, or reach a concensus
Czechia FTW
I would very much like to be "in touch".
Kinda decent
It will lead to wage growth, productivity growth and GDP growth.
When they became just CS and pretty much independent, the state stopped watching them
Some of them have a few variations (for example Nikola, Nikol, Nicola, or Nicole), but they're not usually considered that strange or "quirky".
You have the winner, no doubt
The US were at first not in favour of it, the decision came with the Clinton administrative in 93.
Yes but poland no ebin :----DDDD
Luckily for me, outside US High Schools absolutely nobody uses Farenheit in chemistry.
Yes, parody of something is protected
>There's not even enough Leberkas Pepi within Austria
The higher "ranks" take care of the lower ones
There is still notable divide between east and west
I'm very much glad we're finally back to having the free market decide what the users want to see online.
Actually your memory on acid can get kinda loopy
Plus you may socialise with other regulars who frequents the place and make use of this diverse social network
Croatia: A week on a yacht with friends, streets of coastal towns
He's translated as Pytlík (little bag) here and I think nobody complains
Burn this heretic
People felt betrayed be democracy and countries from west, so they voted communists
We might be an atheist nation, but *spirits* were always dear to us.
Oh yeah, that's definitely true and occasionaly irritating
Had there be an idependence referendum it should come out from a dialogue with the central government like the recent Scottish referendum.
That's probably because in other languages, it is
So now would be the perfect time to travel there (once everything settles down a bit more)
That's quite common in most of Europe.
“Máj” (May) by Karel Hynek Mácha
Or for them
I lived two streets from it, now 10 minutes by foot but I've never been there, simply never cared to go there
OK never mind, imagine buying salami or cheese, you do this thing up there
This US action is likely to worsen the Iraqi government's relationship with the USA
The only one that comes to my mind is Slovakia's "Nad Tatrou sa blýská"
*Germany*: I like that they pay me triple the salary I've been getting in Prague.
We were Protestants/Unity of the Brethren, Habsburgs re-Catholicised us, we seceded from the Habsburg monarchy and made Catholicism a symbol of their oppression but we forgot how to practice Protestantism so it was in the end more alien to us than Catholicism.
Meanwhile we cling on to our beer for dear life, because that's all we have going on :(.
I’ve got to say though that the difference in speed and comfort between all the trains in Europe is immense
>We need to change it
Labor shortage is in many countries and Germany is a good example.
but please keep your mozartkugeln
> Subway station
Sweden and their Ikea horse meatballs!
The only difference between communism and other ideas is that other ideas didn't lead to 100+ million corpses and devastation of dozens of countries
If you replace KSČ with NSDAP, Czechia with Germany and 1946 with 133, you've described the Nazi takeover of Germany
I'm really into european accordion songs.
late 90s. it was a year when the Americans left serious doubt about their driving
Or, if there is the option, a rotisserie chicken or a klobása  though most of these places close rather early so you gotta know where to go
There are limits to what people will tolerate, even phlegmatics like the Czechs
Especially in CZ after we were given away to Nazis at Munich '38 just because the French and British didn't want a war
That's pretty accurate, but I would argue that the impacts are even bigger than this.
Apparently it's just something you don't notice unless you live in it for a while
Its the same here, except you nees to add pushing an agenda to the list
Worst is that they think about everything between Berlin and Moscow as their territory
The property was not given back and in 1993, after the Dissolution of the Czechoslovakia, Liechtenstein refused to recognize Czech Republic as an independent state
It's a weird mix of german, latin, french, greek and others
In Czech:
Oh boy
Oh yeah, april is coming
It was said that the money should help Italy, Spain etc
Or we will all be dead soon
Yes, kebab is a famous German food.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but Herculres was the hero's name in the Roman myth.
Police stopped us, but it was like 2am so we talked them out of the fine and a friend who crossed first had to buy us mcdonalds
That was the one suburb of Ústí I was thinking of
We have Kaufland aswell, but not Aldi for some reason
I think it exists
100
234,5 CZK
The police is lucky if they go to a range twice a year, gun owners are usually at a range several times per year or even several times per month
Dutch people suck and their culture is more bland and boring than construction foam
Comfortable
However this create dangerous precedent.
> a socialist system would Be perfect for Russia and other ex soviet countries
These parties used to be much stronger but the populist parties syphoned off their support base
Ah, yes, the good old broken windows theory...
That is wonderful idea
yep, we call them "pěry" in south moravia
Or in general, what would be the difference between permanent residence and citizenship if you allow permanent residents to vote
Well, some are pretty same to the latin names, some are just in normal language
Well slovak, it sounds way more fluent than czech
There was slight increase after the fall of communism, when people wanted to be part of something what was kind of persecuted.
Pretty much in every Indoeuropean language.
I'll add my personal observation now as it's somewhat related to the topic: I've been noticing quite growth of foreigners in CZ (specifically my home city of Pilsen) lately.
I'm willing to flip just because of this issue and I consider myself very strongly pro-EU
Well, say that K and after that I in english must be difficult for you
It’s a diverse city, I would say
And some others:
In Czech Republic everybody will understand you in Slovakia, almost everybody will understand you in Croatia and some people will slightly understand you at the borders with Poland, Germany and Austria
I don't think ano - yes is in any way a possible equivalent here
Rejected, stay home
Brno
Because they believe other gypsies, and totaly distrust outsiders, so they don´t even realise they get scammed.
Can someone tell me what would happen if a polish woman just travels to Czechia, gets an abortion here, and travels back
And there are very few limitations on what you can buy, besides you dont need to justify the need, you just fill in a form and thats it
**Pilsen:** beer capital of the country, being freed by Americans during WW2 instead of the Soviets
We have fictional character Cimrman  I reccomend to read it whole
This is good movie aswell:  **Lust och fägring stor**
Slovak, both spoken and written is mutually inteligible with Czech
It raises question
lmao
Babiš won't be ousted by these demonstrations, their importance is not in getting rid of him, because that can be done only in elections, their importance is in setting boundaries for him so that he doesn't think he can get way with misuse of power
Mais tu n'as pas pu, et tu ne l'as pas fait, et maintenant tu en paies le prix, espèce de putain d'idiot.
Edit: Answer would be preferable
Or if you were baptized, still pretty rare
as you can see they are using dragons as toasters not as doom machines
Thats nice and where are you from
So it's free-for-all
For vacation or just plain visit I would probably love to visit the Interwar period Czechoslovakia
Do Dubliners also refer to Cork as "the village"?
There are many other interesting places, but the lonja is magnificient
as soon as you guys admit that German beer is best beer you can be Number 3 anytime.
There is an archaeological site if Mušov, a Roman fort from Marcomanic wars, in Southern Moravia
I don't know about the Danish school system, but during my time at a Czech secondary school (graduated in 2013 and it was a quality school imo), the World/European history lessons basically ended with WW2
My main comparison is Frankfurt vs Prague vs Leipzig (East Germany is supposed to be less affected).
It's against the popular belief, but most of the victims of the witch trials happened (1) not in medieval times, but in late renaissance and even in relatively modern times (1600s, some even in early 1700s) and (2) not in Catholic regions, but Protestant ones, like in Germany, Switzerland, and even England, Sweden and the US
* US wants us to be their canon fodder in whatever cowboy powergrab they planning next month
No, this could not really happen where I live because they never ever left a package on the street
He never said you were good at it.
Johannes, Wilhelm and Friedrich
Thanks for reminding me that I will see Babiš and others from his ANO giving out donuts in metro again...
But they all headed to Poland
But I'm sorry to hear that
both of the plans suck, there's no Prague.
They do this all the time
Now, independent Bavaria, that would be a strong opponent.
If Iraq government asks USA to withdraw their soldiers from Iraq will USA obey
"Sbalit si svých pět švestek" = "Pack up your five plums" = Prepare to leave
When she has a prepared talk, it is written phonetic Czech
We consisted of two units, the larger one was water-based so we also spent a lot of time practicing rowing
it is from your country and we love it here" me: "excuse me, but WHAT THE FUCK is this?" :)
Natural: The 2002 floods;;
Lo llamo stereovisión. Cuando hablas dos idiomas de familia, entiendes lo que es importante y lo que no, que es un atributo común para la familia y que es un específico para la lengua, así que puedes concentrarte en las partes importantes
They have this whole hierarchy going from the young children to adults
Hlava, ramena, kolena, palce, kolena, palce
For example I think Borsec beats Perrier in every aspect
Likewise the US constantly catches their own citizens in our banks.
There is a lot of housing estates, warehouses and some factories
Great question but I have no idea
There was/is also a popular band and they have this song with this lyrics excerpt:
Here, if there is not huge pressure and public outrage, they won't resign and they won't even think about it.
That sounds like marketing bullshit, to be honest.
It's not really their desire to live in the ghettos.
I'm pretty sure almost all are American football too
Bohemia sounds more cool
they're white
Tunnels were too futuristic in those times
I like to think of it as perfect transitional power
From Lapland to Portugal without a single border stop
In Czechia we also use “To jsem z toho Maďar
] [go
And if there were shared army projects, it's likely France would influence the missions to suit their needs in Africa and use others to help them do it
* Nagano
Although at that time they were a bit further south fighting in Saxony and for Prague
Germany - Německo
Best day of year
You could get jeans, digital watch or pirated videotapes on black market
Ukrainian and Russian are different worlds to me - sometimes I catch a word (like 25 %?), but getting the meaning of a sentence is real hard for me, the pronunciation is really, really foreign and it gets difficult to recognize words
I think one of the tasks was also a piece of writing
Guess stories change through time
> this mapy
>Understandably, there have also been teething problems with our breakneck growth
> Gaelic
Or people just don't like femnist Canths.
Red Army Choir songs
It could end with the Prague uprising
Although I've been there during the summer, that might've helped the appearance a bit
I lived in northern Finland for some time and it didn't feel as dark as you might expect, because the snow reflects a lot of light, so even during full polar night you could see during the day
Thats thin ice for Germans
Is it actually legal in Norway to own guns like hangun
Hey, this reminds me of something
For example, I don't use Czechia because it sounds very weird.
Was it the case of a sabotage or was it a faithful imitation of society though?
Yeah, pretty much this
Caring about other countries is already a huge step forward.
(cztyř lees tech - you really can't transcribe ř into English)
Such a missed opportunity for Europe, sigh
And that is certainly what they did
>In some languages actual has the meaning of ‘current’ and ‘at the present time’. This is not correct in English
Someone (our latest president I think) decided we should have a short English version of the name, since writing Czech Republic all the time is impractical (in Czech, we just say *Česko*, instead of *Česká Republika*, but there isn't an English alternative).
The law says that the president names his chancellery, and that the chancellor should have security clearance
It's all just a bunch of corrupt crooks in a very corrupt swampy mid-atlantic area
We have a lot of generic Czech, German and other names and they don't put you in any area
But a simple "klobása" with bread, which is just like Polish "kielbasa", is probably more commonly purchased at festivals, hockey matches etc
So we can build this, while a bridge between Britain and Ireland is compeltely impossible
Most of the time they need German language tho, as they mainly export to three of our neighbors (the exception is Poland for some reason, dunno why) but sometimes Swedes order stuff, so that's where I come into play
The pronunciation is however kicking my ass
From my head I can think of examples like Jane the virgin or The Vampire Diaries
I know debilé is insult in french as well, not sure about english.
We have that same with Moravian accent
Expansion depends heavily on the type of gun
and we use [washboards] as a musical instrument too (you take a stick and run it against the corrigations)
But I'm curios why this is important or even interesting to someone
Pupils stand up when a teacher comes to the classroom, teacher greets them and tells them to sit down.
The membership in NATO also consistently has the support of the majority of Czech population in the polls.
I know this might be a little shock for you, but everyone can make a reddit account and subscribe to any subreddit they want.
We put Czech republic as our shorthand name and said fuck it that will do, but our new politicians really wanted to help our branding by doing the great thing of adding another name to the list to add to the confusion, now you can call us any of these and are guaranteed to piss off someone
Then I became intrigued with the country
TRIGGERED
In fact it was also used as a flag of Czechoslovakia until 1920.
Peníze
Instead, Gottwald occupied these now free positions, deployed the police to suppress revolts and arrest enemies based on Soviet orders and intelligence and pushed through the 1948 constitution, threatening Beneš with civil war if he refused
Somebody from Vietnam I'm guessing
Consuming too much alcohol before you reach 21 years of age is fucking bad for you
It's largely the fear of unknown, but you're right that Czechs are in a way tribalistic, meaning that they are worried about everyone who doesn't fit in what is 'normal' in the Czech republic
Let him burn in hell (not that it exists, but still).
There is simply no guarantee that we would be in any way treated better than we were in Protektorat
gets 2
From what my Finnish friend told me, its a tradition to register a child when its born
oh ok, looking at your post it can be interpreted both ways, so I got confused.
No arms were supplied to Ukraine during a time of crisis and his comments about Brexit made quite a few people angry.
23°C for Czech Republic
ODS is keen on imposing massive government austerity that will shit on those who need it most
Snow isn't a myth, it's just surrounded by a lot of unscientific bullshit, like that it's made of water or other such nonsense
People watch  Youtube, Social media etc
One local Czech politician - Pavel Novotný - was invited into a major Russian TV with major Russian figures present
It's more about how we still think of ourselves as a tiny country despite being pretty average in population comparison.
If they fail, reduce their money and repeat
I feel very embarrased
Where on Earth is this an acceptable way to talk to people, I don't see how you could possibly be any more condescending.
It would be great to see united Ireland and united Cyprus in the years to come.
I think anti-immigration people wouldn't mind immigrants from Belarus in my country
No countries really retain water well enough with all our biofuel centric agriculture
Great books
There is no such thing as 'real wealth'.
I guess so
In fact, it seems like a weird dream that it was a thing in the first place
except strengthening of national safety by the US bases
Even though they vape inside now too
Although in Czech (from which the surname could come from) tlustý can and actually more often than not means thick (tloušťka then means thickness) while tučný is an adjective about fat
Look there is my country's flag
They're not in fashion anymore, but they're practical as hell.
As a tourist, i found it to be gross
It can be also due to generational change and wider/international audience.
For our country, that would be [Gutalax] [for] [sure]
so what was better
Oh, your searing wit left me speechles
Because they're mundane to me as there's like almost 1:1 correspondence to Czech ones
Far worse than other V4 countries.
Your ministers who represent the UK's national interests in the Council of the EU are indirectly elected
Haha, you know what
taxi is ok but you HAVE to use the app unless you are not local
As if you went on a date with someone and you were completely charmed by that someone so that you couldn't stop thinking about him/her.
The Tamrielic variety
You mean LANDS
Stop ittt
YOU DON'T TRUST THE POLITICIANS AND THEIR JOURNALISTS
We lost the republic to german nazis for 7 years of absolute terror because our allies france and britain betrayed us
How would you feel if everyone around you whos 18+ was allowed to carry any weapon except firearms, and anyone who is 21+ and passes set requirements and test had to be issued a licence to carry guns
I think it's still pretty common here
I swear the amount of Pražáci on holidays here kills me
Younger ones can be easily rehabilitated compared to older people, so it may work.
Were mostly happy with the system but imho its such a huge change that i dont see that happening in the US any time soon
Despite all the hate they get, I really like Poland's current government
Oh a foreign newspaper interfering with an election of a foreign country, not dirty at all.
I'd say probably that one time the future king of Bohemia (Joan of Luxembourg) and his wife (Elise Přemyslid) hid inside the city in the 14th century
How
But so far they're a 100% ally, unlike Turkey.
But how often do you discuss distances in thousands of kilometers so megameters will have some logical sense in such a case
but my dad was born in Canada and never applied for it, so he's technically only Candian
Yeah, sorry, I guess I understood you wrong.
Then some people went to study abroad in the UK, some went to the US, some didn't go anywhere but learned most of their English from American movies/TV shows, some couldn't really even distinguish between the two, so everyone in the class would speak with a different accent.
it's not okay anywhere where it is not allowed
Your average gun owner goes to a shooting range more than that because it's also a hobby and more training automatically means they are better with a gun
Ohh, like a word stress
Competitive products and prices (thanks to low salaries).
I'd love it to be the standard, so called winter, time because I hate getting up early
Tomáš - Tom
"Byl pozdní večer – první máj –
Far enough we're in NATO
I’ve never met an antivaxer or a flat earther here XD
But getting rid of the horrible Czech accent
Then there's the lighter version that Tusk was not personally involved, but he is still morally responsible because of negligence.
>including female animals
Goodbye corruption
There's really no refugees in Slovakia.
Now I get it
The thing is Prague natural environment is very diverse, it has bit of this and bit of that, actually it would be a perfect place for natural park if there would not be a city already
However you are right, we only joined one such entity and been in it for 800 years
German companies produce high tech things which Chinese cant replacate with proper know-how yet
It's usually translated as *úchylný* (pervert), *děsivý* (terrifying), or *strašidelný* (spooky) based on the context but all these words are quite different and so are the emotions they evoke in me and it fascinates me that English was able to put it all in one word.
Lebanon,Syria, Jordan, Israel, Turkey, India, Pakistan, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, USA, Canada
Maybe it's the landlockness of my country but the thought of eating most sea creatures sounds appalling to me
Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't parties get refunded up to 50% of the expenses of the campaign?
Mmmmm
Everyone here is really poetic and I just came to say beer
"Yeah, we're independent now, 3rd time's the charm right
*Kudlanka* apparently traces its etymology to the word *kudla*, which means **jackknife** in reference to the shape of the front legs
Mapy
Turns out chopping down all forests in a subarctic environment with volcanic soils very prone to wind erosion wasn't the smartest move the Norse ever made
Moravian tears are our bohemian morning tea.
if Germany is a dictatorship, then I sure hope we get more dictatorships globally.
Of course not everyone in the Eastern Europe shares this view.
Siberia
- Indian cuisine seems to be gaining popularity
So much this
Brandýs nad Labem/Stará Boleslav is a close second
We cannot assume some moral high ground here, especially after voting another awful regime to power
They are economically right-wing, socially semi-conservative party
Surely England is not as evil as you purport it to be
" "Kdo je Serruti
Not even Kofola
They were really bad at squatting.
Close enough :) But no, we don't get >40°C weather normally.
We should have it try
It is illegal to sell or otherwise provide alcohol to anyone under 18 (i.e.
Czechia is a nice shorted version that I'm still kind of getting used to tbh
In Czech language they would be pointless as the words are mostly written as they are pronounced
It usually starts in secret underground dance club, when hacker meeting went wrong
Most likely
I mean, realistically it would be absolutely total chaos in every country
Oh, I totally forgot about E. M., agree, this fucker is the worst (as most traitors (not Snowden and others alike tho))
Is this done because of capacity issues
What you wrote isn't the same, and the set phrase actually is "výjimka potvrzuje/potvrzující pravidlo" (an exception confirms/confirming the rule) which is the same
ČSSD usually plays that role and considers itself a left wing party.
You can either keep them, or you can leave them on a different place, or post on facebook
This, I don't understand people who fetishize referendums and direct democracy.
So yeah a "pointy" object
I don't really care about that TBH
Visited both already and hope I'll come again soon
Kölsch, sounds like Braník.
Sir, please proceed [to this area
Elect PVV and give them the power to strip people of citizenship.
>  Or potatoes with cream and butter “na loupačku”.
Cephalopods are tasty, octopodes, calamares, cuttlefish
In the regional city I live - few days snowing, but it all melted the second it touched the ground
I saw cute lil flower buds today
Not necessarily all migration
I am not saying it was ethically OK, but it certainly wasn't a "systemic extermination".
Plus her mother tragically fell ill and died when she was a baby, and the village rumor said she was swapped for the human baby by a wild woman/fae
I think Putin is a straight up dictator at this point trying to turn Russia into Soviet Union again.
We still have memorial ceremonies about WWII war crimes (Lidice, Životice, all the ghettos like Terezin or Jewish Quarter in Prague, mass executions, etc
- While sushi is available pretty much everywhere, Japanese cuisine is otherwise unheard of
Can't decide between President and Prime Minister
It was something that we could return to post-WW2
I liked planning my way to school beforehand so I wouldn't get sprayed and painted on felt like an assassin
We don't get a whole lot of natural disasters here, pretty much only floods, and these ones were particularily devastating
5 metre, and it melts right away anyway
It’s more like he drinks while thinking of how to provoke as many people as possible and how to make more room for his buddies
Telling Germans, Fins and other rich countries they have to give up some of their money to make sure we work as a unit and at the same time not trying to cheat the game and get more money from the others.
Unfortunatelly, politicians on both sides are able to freeze the projects for another decades.
And if it's information given to all public to find by simply putting your name into regular browser, it's not really private, everyone can see it
Personally I think the deportation of Germans living on czechoslovakian soil directly after world war 2
communism spun a lot of heads back then
Because they know Babiš is going to embezzle a good deal of it; once he's done, what's left will be in line with everybody else
I didn't know that
(The other north)
Specifically, it was talking about Sweden's covid strategy and how it still had a lot of support despite the fact that it wasn't working
Latvia should be Litva
I think this should be priority
My other grandma sometimes made apple dumplings (using quark dough)
Because they would have to admit their preferred party is part of the problem
Regular lessons (2 per week) were lead by Czech teachers.
None
It just doesn't click
Well, this has to be [Yzomandias - Melanž] \- a rap song that has gotten a bit of a controversial feedback
So the our system is:
Seconded
Since when Conservatives care about homeless people
Laws are for humans; they don't govern supernatural beings
The expulsion of most ethnic Germans (about 1/3 of population of the country) after the WW2, especially its first "wild" phase with lynchings and mass murders (for example at least 800 civilians in the town of Postoloprty)
I think it would mostly depend on their language fluency and perceived level of "integration" with the culture
If I'm working or walking around lets say 15C, if it's not windy
This is probably the best idea ever
On the other side, people say that they were Nazis
Ticket inspections: Bolek
- Italian restaurants are also sort of common
when you don't mix with locals much, there shouldn't be any problem as the waiters, hotel conceirges and such do speak English.
But more interesting was one of my drive in October, when like every fifth car was from Switzerland - it was the last day when people could travel from Czechia to Switzerland without the quarantine, so I guess many people better went back to home
Germany, Ireland, Sweden, Spain??
Ok, I have no idea how to write "here" in his accent, but you get the point
It's the most industrial location in Czechia, of course it's ugly and cold
Someone that thought heydrich would get to much power and wanted him dead
Which part of Novigrad is this
And then again when I saw it on my bank account
I think the English spelling is borrowed from the Polish language, but still
Here a link:
That's interesting
, that law is a blessing
Natural: The 2002 floods;;
but I only ever come to this sub to read your opinions :(
Pičín - Pussy town
snooty people with a written language that discards its letters when spoken
Poland
Yeah definitely
vesnice means village, so this term literally means villager
Ireland
Miloš is the name of our president.
It was taken by Swedes during war in 17th century and to this day they have it on display in their museum
The Habsburg monarchy would probably be allied with the French empire for the time being while waiting to stab in the back at a convenient moment
One of Russian and English always worked.
Only Western help could have prevented the Soviet takeover
after 65, there is a risk your brain starts to atrophy and you die of dementia
In czechai they are for quite some time
that's correct
They demanded his assault rifle and entry to the base
USB-C is just a connector type
Hurrah, common sense and freedom for once wins even in the EU, albeit probably temporarily.
Ireland
The rents in ghettos are actually quite high, because mafiosos use them as money makers.
You are not really interested in politics while bullets kill your friends
not reliant but it makes things comfortable
I would say it's easy to pronounce by itself but when it's in a sentence it more difficult
&#x200B;
Meth is produced and consumed here (it was even mentioned in original show), and Mexican cartel can be replaced with Vietnamese gang
*Spring* - constant fear that winter will come back and it will snow again catching you unprepared.
Our prime minister is a total conman "solving" everything just via a huge PR machinery
Just wait for a while
- Sumer
What about the rest of the people referenced in the article, were they also imprisoned on other charges and the politics is just coincidence?
Many people came to visit us
But I could be overestimating here
Thaler itself is German, first were coined in Jáchymov aka Joachimsthal.
Some names are from the old Testament
i must have read like all of them, absolutely adored them
"How are you
Unless its point-blank range
To me they just sound really pleasant
Definitely not
to consider a whole city with people living there as a tourist trap or uninteresting is ignorant
> My dad is Czech, my mom is Slovak, I have both citizenships and to say that we have no similarity is so very nuts
We have a phrase: "to be drunk as a Dane"...
wait what
200000 people
I'm pretty sure most of these people don't have any real knowledge of what life in America actually looks like these days, what political issues there are etc.
[Jiří z Poděbrad] husitský král.
Fuck yeah it isnt
Tokyo and Kyoto
10\^12 = bilion
The idea that the Euro causes prices to increase is false.
Well, Czechs do that locally, too
And it says so on the ingredients section too
[11
You can send a soldier from the *UK*, *Spain*, or *Germany* and it'll still be a "factor destabilising *European* security."
I was in an elementary school at the turn of 1980s/1990s, high school until 1999, so there was some shift from pro-communist version of history towards a more balanced approach during my curriculum, but the old communist (or even Austro-Hungarian) approach to history as a sequence of important rulers and events that leads to social progress was still lingering around in the 1990
He did all of that using the people that used to be in power and members of STB (our version of KGB) who were never persecuted or jailed after the velvet revolution
Wait really
The stuff that will one day change the world!
I'm pretty sure labs are not paid by FIFA
Pověsim tě za uši do průvanu (i'm gonna hang you by the ears in the draft) - said as a warning to kids when they don't want to behave
The judges judge according to the legal system of Austria.
Also the way we do dill sauce may be a bit different to how you make it
Yeah, it's weird how comments on idnes.cz got very pro-Russian/Zeman/Trump in the last few years.
On a question: where are you going for vacation I answered: Yugoslavia
Well, you can always take the first step and try to start a new quirky trend
It is just
I can't help but feel a bit sick of the tread below this comment..
I think it depends
All glory to Brits for winning the title of the most drunken tourists in Prague!
We have a says here: In a knife fight, the lose dies on the pavement, the winner dies in the ambulance
Nothing more nothing less
But you can restrict financial movements to and from that tiny little island nation without much difficulty.
cz and not gmail
The biological part was logically covered in biology classes.
a - and
These are mainly former and existing military areas where  almost no one lives, some small parts of nature parks and some border areas where population was moved away after ww2
Someone actualy thought that
But by definition these are clearly forms of censorship.
currently the UK's interests are more aligned with the US
Here's my photo of the children's memorial, which currently has a bunch of toys and flowers laid there (even including a fidget spinner)
Some people connects current prosperity with Babiš, even though it isn’t his success and he is more like chocking economy
Also we are the biggest producers of meth in Europe
Otherwise it depends on your area/social group to some extent, the South East part of the country and some rural areas are more religious (Catholic), in other regions (like in the North where I grew up), being a practicing believer of any kind makes you a very small minority
She knew how to sew, because she was costume designer for opera.
Using language that isn't officially tied to any EU country is even better.
I think if anyone would like to visit this town, now is good time
This can be simply narrowed down to "do not recklessly press YES on everything that appears on ATM screen"
>vepřejď
I mean, for us normies it's alot but for the top post of the largest military organization in the world, i'd expect it would be a cool million at least.
Kind of scary when you put parallels to tody's populist scaremongering.
Gallen become Svatý Havel, Zürich is Curych (though that is just a rewrite so i don't know if it counts), Genoa becomes Janov, or Saltzburg becomes Solnohrad (though I actually never heard anyone say it like that, but it still just means Salt castle)
So we had couple of drinks with friends
Wonderful
Some (if not all) languages have multiple common curse words with different literal meanings and different usages
Hulku mudruuků nusudůvuj u putuku, ....
* Ezo and homeopathy and all that jazz is incredibly strong here
Slavic countries have vodník / vodyanoi that do the same things, except for the naked part :D
FOR FIVE MINUTES
Perhaps you could make the aRgNd post.
I mean, I've heard the name but I have no idea what's this city is, apart from it being in Romania
I'm a fan of your flair text
pretty much always when was my house robbed it was gypsies :/ already been robbed of our car, few bikes, lawnmover, phone, metal...
I admire him
I read the text and I was like
The Czechia sounds worse, but it is better to use because it is shorter
And I was in Riga
However this is misguided
>  Anne *Hidalgo*
But I heard the quality is much better in Poland, so maybe you are just exporting crap and leave the good stuff for yourselves.
it's not okay anywhere where it is not allowed
Was something like 7500 CZK / 260 EUR for the whole thing in Ostrava few years ago.
Communism
Damn
He was talking about military commitments in NATO, which is a completely different piece of spending.
It is nonsense
Lennon Wall is not cultural monument
Also why most people want to keep CZK instead of EUR, even if they have no economical reasons
I guess that was more like everyone else's bruh moment though
What also cannot be argued that the USSR helped secure the coup with their agents
When he is grumbling miserably
Well, they are only people after all
Austria
Avio FIN
It was allowed to do ANYTHING to Germans, so people taking German babies and throwing them in the river, for example, was really common
Maybe your source does count attempts to murder too
That's pretty much all I need for a happy work life
Sounds like a fairytale to me :)
Slovakia
The latest my school ever ended was around 16
He is not Antichrist, he is just a politician.
Almost like seeing Tom Cruise in Prague while watching Mission Impossible
People from places where public transportation is really bad, so they don't even think of it as an option
r/Europe will get the boot some day just like the_Donald did lol
I've never heard about it
Not to mention liberal/conservative, which is a whole different scale
I am reading this and based on my family stories it was not that bad here in Czech rep.
My favorite word Spreewaldgurken.
In decent places here (Czech), they'll give you tap water if you ask.
TIL the English name for rohlík.
Our Easter celebrations, apparently
They often won't be particularly nice to you and you often wait for a long time in a waiting room
It makes sense when you look at the [Keeling Curve]
That's pretty strange, unless your IKEA is cheaper
Are you sure
I think the top folk should stop watching North Korean news, it inspires them too much
Interesting question
Never heard somebody say "to gmail somthing"
Like, it is literally all about the nature
boring
For both cases, you can like a song straight away or it can grow on you (or, for completeness, you aren't gonna like it)
[Well there is a park (albeit a poor one) about 200 meters from this spot
You *have to* pay rent, utilities and food, so that's about 500€ off your paycheck just there (100 would be utilities w/ internet, a 1 bedroom apt.
Don't know why I should do that, since over here, we consider ourselves and other V4 countries Central Europe.
Last year when the Ukraine crisis was still pretty tensed, pro-russian propaganda tried to convince people to protest against the American convoy, but it went like [this] instead.
How you go about dying is pretty much up to you.
And we're I believe the only country in Europe with a shall-issue gun permit
Seriously, Mate, are you not aware we are not all from Scotland here
0 in year 1917 (exactly one century ago, hehe)
Sounds fun
You started when you pointed out our and Russian language similarity.
) - said when you don't close the door
Stay safe
Honorable mentions: Ústí nad Labem, Trmice, Ostrava, Nový Bor, Česká Lípa
Schnitzel eaten with sauce like in Germany is scandalous
The city transport is fine
Granted it was a 90-year old guy who probably never set foot outside his own *département*, but still.
mate
Of course your media is going to be dominated by another country's media if the domestic market cannot satisfy the demand
We need to wait till Polen can into space
Depends, if there's a Czech dub I'm DEFINITELY playing it with that but I mostly use English subtitles
Mountain
Fourth: too lazy to find something but I can if you want :)
It just sets its criteria as folowing - EU member countries with the most numerous officially reported Roma minorities.
I moved to USA
All of our politicians lived during dictatorship.
I feel very embarrased
Plus the amount of cherry might helped with the conservation.
Don't be delusional, he was Sudetengerman as fuck
Isn't your father eligible for Spanish citizenship after 30 years
Something like when people reacted to a half-black president by electing trump
A several children below 16 were send to German families, the rest were gassed
And honestly, the "American-style" atheism seems to me a lot like just another church, when I look at the subreddit for example, I paradoxically get a very religious or cultist vibe from it
It makes sense to introduce big european mammals back where they belong.
Extremely popular, which is probably because there is no drinking age here
But this is just a legend
That is, if the language hasn't got a word that's identical to a word in Czech but means something completely different
Ich koche meinen hund
Neutral: mal(á) auta (little cars) -> mal(ý) auta
To my Southwestern Bohemian ears, it sounds like a Northeastern Bohemian word
I dont like those kind of maps because it is always disputed, it is very inaccurate and it will only make mad pretty much everyone
* Marie Terezie (Maria Theresa, under Austria)
They don't need to have secret deals.
I definitely think it's just a misunderstanding
The news article about him I read mentioned that the camel violated road laws, as it did not have anything reflective on itself
Arrows show migration patterns of 0.25 million people or more
That's why purchasing tickets from the driver in Prague is penalized: you can only purchase more expensive ticket and you pay 20% premium on top of the regular price
They are truly the master race.
All of them, to be honest, but the surprise that the Hussite Wars were a thing is by far the most egregious
It was just declining, with fewer and fewer people who could actually make a living out of creating
We have a slur for Germans, the word
Not all, but in my experience this generally applies
nah, just trolling Australians with usual questions like if they're riding kangaroos to school, how do they feel in Europe when everything is upside down etc
It all feels like we’re a nation of snickering kids
I briefly follow Slovak's politics (neighbourhoodly feel + my boyfriend is Slovak) and I try to keep some general overview of politics in Hungary, Poland and Germany
He’s the best person we currently have, being a valid expert, not a politician
Yeah, it's pretty bad
Visited both already and hope I'll come again soon
But I stopped myself
Ah, good old GSV paranoia
I think Japan is way more relevant than Brazil
For example, in my city there was a tremendous economic boom and very nearly a labor shortage.
But my classmate says his previous school didn't have them
I see your dinosaur bites, and I raise you [couple with stimulants and bread] from a Czech menu.
There are mafias, which profit on their situation.
We like our factories, so no :-)
Better dead than red
I've personally never met anyone who could pass for a native speaker and didn't live here since at least elementary school age
Were the volumes part of the smut genre, then I could imagine it, because if not, then it's interesting I haven't come across such a volume, even though there should be plenty of them
We simply hate when someone says Czechia is an Eastern European country because we are a Central European country and the fact is an important aspect of our national identity
I was literally replying to your full comment of:
>  born in Spain
TurpAE
Here we started making face masks
If there are lootboxes, there have to be official marketplace for items found inside
Similarly in Czech: gallows are šibenice.
What are some tours you would recommend (minus that 150 euro 10 min.
&#x200B;
The latest sunset here in late June is around 21:15 already with summer time
Yes, two Czech citizens are detained in Turkey, but those two dumbasses actually were kind of asking for it, because they went to Syrian Kurdistan to do humanitarian work (or so they say, the Turks accuse them of doing logistics and recruiting for YPG), posted all over their social media about it, including pics with YPG fighters which Turkey considers to be a terrorist organization and then had the 'great' idea to return home through Turkey
Just sanction them, freeze the trade and ban travel to Turkey for tourists
I've seen that first one in some youtube video
A lot of people just get beer for lunch and few more in the evening
We see him as a Czech (also because his mother was Přemyslid)
Putin can read info in english and german.
Were second
oh, I'm ashamed
Well, in 1989 there was Velvet Revolution, but after that, one falls every now and then, like when mistress of our former prime minister (Petr Nečas) was using millitary intelligence to spy on his wife and few others
But I'd say they are similar in terms of their mentality and understanding of democracy (i.e., "I am a democrat if it suits me and my business")
It's not only the pronunciation but also the use of different words for different things, the endings of words, the verbs would be spelt differently if written down and so on
'MURCA
So would the Germans, funnily enough
But Asians and blacks are unusual and thus suspicious
>India's is smaller than Germany,
heh, I just realized Italian and your flag is the same thing, just flipped over.
It is a direct response to EU's attempt to curb the right to own guns in Europe and it will be pretty much impossible for Brussels to sneak-in their restrictive gun law afterwards.
"co dzieje sie" = "what is going on"
Maybe thats why we are the most atheist country in the world (by some estimates)
Sounds like Italian with a bit Slavic accent
Why does god need advertisement
If you are wondering like me what are those tube buildings, here is [an article] (it's a music theatre and an exhibition hall)
Defensive nationalism is very deeply rooted here, it was for centuries our passive-aggressive mechanism on how to resist Germanization
It's also one of the tax breaks that can go below zero so even low income families can enjoy the benefits
For example according to our [wiki]#Pralesy_v_.C4.8Cesku), there are several small ones in Czechia, some of which aren't even accessible to public.
Pat a Mat (A je to)
Three months to go, try not to give a heart attack to your queen, limeys
Any chance you can vote these clowns out during the next election and build a proper highway and/or tram service?
To me (from a monolingual country) it surely seems like a lot you're doing for a fairly small minority
So czechs haven't been able to create a stereotype about latin americans
Obviously Prague, but in other regions some cities were replaced as the regional capitals
Yes, these movies are well known here, especially Fantozzi contro tutti which was screened since iron curtain times and became a bit cult movie.
Poland is really nice too
Sächsisch odar nix
Brno - doesn't exist
Heyhey, don't undermine the success of Czechia
Not a movie, but they nailed it in The IT Crowd
To play the devil's advocate, Tomio Okamura is 1/2 Czech, 1/4 Japanese and 1/4 Korean
Oh hell yes
On the other hand it is virtually impossible to do such map accurately without it being a complete mess and it will be heavily disputed anyway
I feel cheated I can't go to summer vacations to Italy as planned and this should make up for it, I just replace the sea with Rome sights, restaurants, bookstores
Well, when was Slovakia named "Slovakia" before 1992?
I think we talk about two different things.
When at home where you can’t open the unlocked door from the outside, no
Hard to ignore him, when he almost rules now instead of PM Babis
Sad fact - there were a politicians who were making money in this business
Even large Hungarian companies don´t offer more than 4 weeks?
However, if most people today don't understand this, how could they?
Ah, a man of culture
Náš Karel III
Hanspaulka, Prague
In few schools there's a option to learn to cook
Proper coal might help, or the good old earth gas heating.
People really are scared, despite knowing that France is still relatively safe compared to other countries.
[Ubytovna Kupa] maybe
There's [another list with Canada and Australia added
>I try to avoid them since I'm not a billboard and don't see why I should even pay more to be one
Because as other stereotypes it depends on individual people
[People at the Wenceslas Square on 27 of October 1918]
There was no real threat of ethnic violence, the only threat was that of Sevastopol slowly falling into western sphere of influence.
He IS really terrible PM
And also of course Slovaks, who Czechs don't even register as immigrants, really.
I was staying right in the city center and the first thing I saw from my window in the morning after I arrived was that the tall apartment building two streets down has panel damaged from shrapnel in the last floor
It is also written as one word, same as German and with bigger numbers like: “dvaadvacet,” you also write the word for “and” -> “a” in Czech
No, they are not anymore, but we gave our daughter middle name anyway
I just moved and my new bedroom gets so much more sunlight in the morning and I love it
That's why Western powers didn't get involved, there wasn't anyone allied to them
Cause if the system was about popular vote people would probably have different voting practices.
I've just compared them by listening to them on youtube, and I must say that Scottish gaelic sounds more pleasant to me, in fact
Even university can be a place of indoctrination.
* **Karlín:** Something like Žižkov, but without the charm and pubs
Planned out-of-country health procedures are not covered by EHIC in most cases and emergency ones might not be covered if it's illegal in Poland
You have instances of necessity and immediate self-defence
Sorry, but you just totally pulled that out of your ass, didn't you?
5) It's about damn time we stop this stupid war on drugs shenanigans
When I went to school in Olomouc, my czech girlfriend took me to Brno
Definitely a secretary, Jana, 22 yrs if you know what I mean
Belarus is a buffer state for Russia
If one person said the food is bad, it might be anything; if one hundred people said the food is bad, you'd better believe it's bad
Very cool
>Populist=covert racist
It's like going to Britain and buying the French flag as a souvenir
Spain
Hats off to national governments for not supporting this retarded law.
Or Okamura
Pa pa pa pa paaa pa paa
I'm not a fan of the fake world policing, which is obviously in reality just protecting own interests.
What
Most companies offer 5-6 weeks anyway.
Probably the dark forces
Geez with that much money you can get a big modern family house if you don't require it to be near or in Prague (there the prices are almost double)
It cost £137
Look up last president candidates of Czechia then you will understand but in short last round it was 2 dudes our current president and the other one then they started to talk about Beneš decrees and that's where it went down the other dude didn't completely agree with them and so he lost end.
Not necessary by direct financial transfers.
I dunno if i'm the only one, but the most foreign one to me is probably Český Krumlov, one of the most touristy places in ČR aside Prague
I'm kinda glad that my family doesn't speak much of any foreign language, because otherwise they'd probably be way nosier and more unpleasant (although I don't really have a comparison, this is my first relationship serious enough to visit each other's families)
He could be, anyway, from what I remember, it seemed that Russia is supporting Taliban not for money, but to make life difficult for Americans in Afghanistan (official reason is that they support Taliban because they fight against ISIS).
I guess it's shit like this that makes Americans say Europe doesn't have freedom of speech
It's not about whether the state protects you or who protects you, it's that most people don't exactly feel the need for protection
So it looks like that we,Slovakia and Hungary have rohlík.What about Poland
The nature is spectacular
From what you've written, I'd cross Denmark first, because of the language, especially if you want to become fluent in German.
Often, they contradict themselves.
Defensive nationalism is very deeply rooted here, it was for centuries our passive-aggressive mechanism on how to resist Germanization
I used to be quite critical of Merkel but with far-right-leaning and (more importantly) pro-Russia politicians gaining ground all over the place, I appreciate her more and more.
2-3 years should be enough to deal with the contracts.
It's somewhat of a part of the "pub culture", poor folk going to a cheap, shady pub and smoke a few.
Why is the food there so popular I can't understand, probably because only competitor nearby is mcdonalds or so due to ikea stores locations
It is said that it was especially hard and taxing job that was strictly regulated and I just can’t imagine driving a 100 tonnes worth of loosely tied tree trunks through whitewater, selling it after a week or two of floating and then walking back to the mountains to make a new raft
Being Atheist is like a normal thing and almost anyone gives a shit about some religion
Shouldn't they point out the politicians who allowed this to happen instead of european companies which bought what was on the market?
All 4 stores, with 3 more on their way, will give us meatballs and hours of pain
And one of the things annoying me in say central Vienna is that all shops are really small
Well youre right but when you learn about this part of Czech history the schools will probably just tell you that Czechoslovakian legions were good and that they were "our" freedom fighters and that the Austrian Germans were terrible oppressors
free fruits and drinks is couple tens EUR per year and the coffee is 100% terrible
^^^/jk
I feel like I don't know almost anyone under 35 who irons
Being conscious about the environment could hardly be classified as political propaganda
Not so new anymore
The turtledove's voice called to love
So I guess we have rather different approach in regard of food
People see church as institutioń, which lost its relevance and which doesn't offer answers and guidance to satisfy the needs of our human life in modern times.
Last year I had a great schnitzel in curry sauce in Thailand
There were disputes over the brand name in the past and American company won - they can use word Budweiser referring to the Czech city (I think that it is okay as well)
It still sounds the same as Czech, you just ad - ia at the end
accusative | vodu | vody| wodę| wody
Qu'est-ce que tu viens de putain de dire à mon sujet, sale petite salope ?
Just a small loan of 9 million Euro :D
I should have invest in Eastern Poland
You know: Ordnung muss sein
I've seen multiple people saying here they're right in the middle of Europe
right bad, left good
I did, however, have several cultural shocks when talking to people from came here from other continents
You’ve got this
Actually it's likely not a coincidence
I prefer spoken Czech more though
You don't know him
It is absurd and very dengerous if a leader is considered irreplaceable.
Generally I feel like at home there
I did not expect a Czech answer so high up
If you ever come to the Czech Republic, your mind might be blown again, youll see them here too
o = about
It's just a drink like any other.
My Serbian friends family has a bunch of assault rifles hidden somewhere
Well that was a bit painful to watch.
I'm not sure why I'm mentioning it, but I understood it and found it funny
Fucking traitors
He’s the best person we currently have, being a valid expert, not a politician
I would recommend Prague if you ever go there
Nah i think your meaning makes more sense
That can afflict new construction in Europe as well
Trump America can focus on the UK and Russia for the 4 years period.
What the Mongols failed to achieve in the 14th century will be completed by the refugees...
me included
Once our history teacher let some student from university to teach us WW2
Obviously it couldn't work as a commercial project, but I find it hard to imagine that it would be a loss overall if we include other investments in the long term and the externalities of flying (also, we should tax the hell out of aviation fuel, that shit is ridiculous)
never heard this one, where are you from
As long as none are Latrina all should be well
Even though if you have a German partner, your future kids would get the German citizenship regardless.
I go to the comment section of Novinky a lot.
Those words actually come from a website, where they tried to map, where you can get tap water from the waiter without issues or something like that
In hockey when we're knocked out, I usually cheer for US since I got friends there
(which doesn't mean the Poles shouldn't return Kladsko to us
If the numeral can be read both ways (either ordinal or cardinal), i.e. behind a name (e.g. _volume 2_, _page 17_, etc
That means guns still havent had time to accumulate
The stupidity on this is that we even need such a law.
Some things are simply so horrible, that not all people manage to get over them
if I remember stuff from school correctly both czech and polish used to be very similar languages hundreds years ago but we did lot of language reforms, they don't or in different way than us
No, it's just a hobby
So you try voting in a different party which later turns out to be corrupt/incompetent as well.
Probably austria-hungary things or copying the german model or something....
Their economy is simply still in crisis, and unemployment rate is high for everybody.
I love living here, but a hint of the slightest criticism instantly makes them super defensive
Someone metnioned candy canes in the thread.
*Pusa* is "mouth/kiss" and ***pusy*** are "mouths/kisses".
Yes, e.g. Hermes in Futurama has a strong Moravian (Walachian
Execution methods are intended to *guarantee* death
* Hiroshima
And before modern Slovakia popped out, we had the most friendly relations with Slovaks and Sorbs
Are you thinking raw beef perhaps
We're earlier gen Z, and my schoolmates get wasted weekly
When you point this out to them, they say something like "yeah, but this particular guy/girl doesn't count, he/she is not like them, he/she is an okay person".
But you're right about bad timing
I can understand Slovak perfectly but sometimes the words are completely different and it feels uncomfortable to read the text
Are you offended
It's all meaty, soupy, fatty and heavy and I am just not into it
beer for 13
Or even showing the ticket to the driver
And fuck eu shit legislative interfiering national interests
I don't care about fashion anyway (at our school, nobody did, we were mathematicians) and Czechs you meet are mostly on vacations, thus in "beach boy" style
There are cheesecakes, macaroons and some other stuff
Paper was known to Chinese long before Europeans
Which country are you talking about?
That seems insane to me
Kladivo
To the Dutch maybe, to us the stickers are about the same as the ones with a crossed mobile on them, i.e., leave your gun in the holster while youre inside
but when "a" conjunction is used to graduating the information or negating or some other meaning then there is usually period
But it's not friendly and mostly one-sided (everybody hates Prague.
It's so obviously clear that their influence has gone waaaay too far and having western companies self-censor themselves on behalf of an oppressive authoritarian government is frankly disgusting
The Moon can never look like this unless there is a Death Star approaching the Earth at the same time...
Wheres Prague
In the Czech republic, every police officer and every municipal police officer (and many private security guards) carry a handgun
in dutch when shopping in Albert here or in english when shopping in M&S, so I know that I buy original products and not fake one for easterners.
NATO is a start and is the glue that holds it all together, but it needs the EU to finish the job.
Portuguese and German are also somewhat connected
yeah one more time we proved that it is not about ideology but about people
The Czechia sounds worse, but it is better to use because it is shorter
We have mandatory english classes from 3rd grade(when kids are 9 years old)
The most those people do is bitch about it on the internet.
meme town of "the highest quality of livivng" idk if living on the biggest crossroads in the country qualifies tho
When written, the limiting factor is the Cyrillic
Or you really have saunas in wooden cabins outside
You're just hiking through a forrest and suddenly you get a message from your operator welcoming you to another country
Lately, the right to defend one's life and health with a firearm has been added to charter of fundamental human rights
I think you forgot about the Witcher
A mostly includes full-autos)
Speaking of the former, the Czech interpretation sees it as a necessary consequence of german irredentism and the crimes of Nazi Germany, the German interpretation sees it a crime that was done on civilians, many of whom did not support the Nazis
* Plch zdrhl skrz drn, prv zhltl čtvrthrst zrn
Or so I've heard
On the other hand, Brexit was a legitimate, domestically and internationally recognized decision, which would/will affect not just the GB but the rest of the union as well
It's hard for me to write this online, but I have ever only heard this expression when you don't close doors "Do you have blacks/negros at home
They're only in the background
There's a single Slovak meal that I've eaten in my whole life and that's halušky
There were a few weeks where there was a shortage of toilet paper and menstrual pads - that was tough :) Basic food was relatively cheap, because it was subsidized
For Misha: you dont have a "Michaela" in Russian
Can we (Czech Silesia) join
Back in the elementary school, we called it "Ministry of relieve"
Maybe there is friction with Russia over Syria?
Please just don't puke and piss on our sights
It kinda suck to not have friends
I for one really, really hope it doesn't pass.
Yeah, but few people mentioned it already
I would have preferred getting rid of that subdivision entirely, but this seems like the only other logical option, always rounding up would be a little too unpopular
Mostly industrial area here on Ústecko with low unemployment
From what I know about our current Czech intelligence services, they're definitely not perfect, however they are not controled from abroad.
Leopold's Congo was his personal property
Also, many czechs settle in Bratislava, which is wealthy and inovative region.
Many of them, and generally they fall into two broad categories:
[President of the Czech republic on holiday]
It lost its importance because there were no industry, and it wasn’t connected well to railroad
It also works the other way around, students from the west can have a different life in the east with the money the program provides.
We "haven't decided" because there is a difference between "patro" and "podlaží". When using patro, it should be 0/P 1 2 3 4 5
I'm dumb as hell, sorry
But it has enough muscle to send TAF back to stone age
i haven't really seen any other type here
I can deal with 18C, but everything lower is not acceptable, not even for sleeping, since my nose and/or feet get cold and I cannot fall asleep
Ok, so now it makes sense why Czechs rather to stay at home than travelling abroad
Didn't even know it was a sport until I saw it on the internet
under the new rules, trolling is a bannable offense.
You can choose now
Please read my other comments in this thread.
So I would say I identify with like-minded people, then with nationality, then perhaps with some form of Slavic identity
I never bought bottled water to drink at home
Also - Populists (30 percents here) and Stalinists
The crime rate alone is very low.
But that can be said about any concrete-box building from the 20th century
Only in Firenze or  Venezia you can stay for years to study all the artworks there
I wonder if maybe banning Chinese from investing in and buying up western companies could work because this can't and shouldn't continue
They were sober enough to know what they do.
In Czech it's sometimes 'soráč' (*so-raach*)
There is literally a notable difference between how your body deals with alcohol consumption when you’re 16 and when you’re 21
At least as far as I know
We were part of it for eight centuries
You don’t have to puke all over it and scream like a banshee when you get out of a bar in the middle of the night
Water scouts are quite popular here too, they do a lot of canoying and river tourism, which is very popular vacation in Czechia
Then there are further specific points about reforms and legislations.
>drink the same alcohol
Even the part of a drunkard is better played sober
But I don't think it's a full identity
your village would bunga-bunga in one week
Grammar nazi in Spanish is "talibán ortográfico".
No, that would be quite downgrade
Also numbers of guns aren’t comparable
Not exactly, it's made from that word which is robota (and it's still used as synonymum for hard work in Czech and for work in Slovak), so he made robot from that, as robota is femininum and robot masculinum
The word "can" meaning a small container is the same as "can" as being able to, in English
It was canceled a year or two ago to motivate supermarkets to give the food to food banks and charity but it's still cheaper and logistically easier for them just to throw it away.
Škoda as a company and as a carmaker was a hot mess before the VW purchase
I don't know
Tak jsme se sekli oba
So I don't really see what's wrong with saying that the EU institutions are Western-European oriented and at the same time call ourselves Central Europe.
Military draft also teaches useful skills like recognising where north is
But no, they live in their informational bubble and looking just for this kind of info which fits into their beliefs
Slovakia
Yes, this was more about 1969
royal family, island mentality, colonial history, the home of lingua franca of 21st century, love-hate relationship with France, celtic and saxon genes, oceanic climate, driving on the left side, great scientists came from there, 4 nations, traders, class divide greater than on the continent, good music and hot actors
They have the most support among the elderly
That's quite a distance
What's a flat toaster
Wanna go out
* nanofibres
Bohemia was not a Czech Country
It starts with the bartender recognising you were there before, he may ask "As usual
How do you know it's Paris when you don't see Eiffel tower
Here if you're a citizen and over 18 years old, you're automatically a registered voter and you get all the info you need in the mail, you don't have to lift a finger.
Google shows me this for "best tap water": [
The European-oriented politicians in Russia are fighting an uphill battle.
I don't know a single person that actually has one
Were you in a coma for the last 11 months?
5 is allowed in special cases, but rare
Wasn't his name Szarik
There is nothing wrong with pointing out crime between immigrants.
And can't drink a beer in public
Bataclan could have been done with knives really
It is very simple structure in comparison with USA and the population is much more homogenous and much less hating authority of the state.
Brno is an architectural mix
Now you're just pretending you never said that.
For example when Alexander G. Bell invented telephone
Charles IV
For the most part you have dealt with it great
"Wait a minute
It looks really weird to have Kazakhstan go that far "north".
2 HTP engine Fabia, I can’t think of anything more Czech
Czechoslovakia was in the eastern bloc, so basically softly ruled from Moscow
It started after the end of the cold war, when some czech people came to my small town to work in factories
) - Whatever
Can confirm, I had classes when I was the only Czech in the room
Sinatra was "just" an interpret
I just really wish European folk would understand how much most Americans care for them, or view them as friends, but that's not a sentiment really reciprocated online..
And how do you think they were able to set up this control from before the reestablishment of Czechoslovakia
Novák and Mrs
yearly production is around 2 millions barrels
seriously I really would like to know how it works
Oh he is trying to
And honestly, that's one of the best things they could have done
No beer - no party
Croatia for pissing them off how dumb we can be : )
You just dont see the guns, 250 thousand people are licenced to carry their guns but they have to be concealed
Czech President congratulates Biden and invites him to visit Prague (Trump never did and never invited Zeman to USA either)
You mean if we know if a new word is masculine of the feminine
IT department
The price of convenience, it's more about the price of the plastic/bottles rather than the liquid
This is not how you make an objective graph thought
Currently, the pan-EU disability card has been only implemented in 8 countries
It doesn't make sense here, as basically everything is pronounced the way it is written
This happened when the war was coming to the end and Germans were losing control over the country
There are some stories like this too, the most known is Vodník in the Kytice compilation from K. J. Erben
Very cool
Can we keep refering to you as Upper Hungary
> Czech Republic: remove your fucking atmonic litter from our border
But I’ve been to England only once and I really want to visit other places
") as in a command you give to a dog which doesn't add much to its popularity
Czech language itself got almost extinct, if it wasn't for national revival.
“skopčák”.
Since this would a silly distinction to make
so many Dutch visitors in Czech republic...
Hell, I wouldnt mind if we joined together again
I love our borders, almost all of our borders are natural, formed by mountain ranges
It was also considered the golden age of the HRE
I've read about Spain, Czech Republic and others as well.
(but he is doing daily main news so probably has some influence into weather)
The breed was engineered as attack dogs for use in military Special Operations done by the Czechoslovak Special Forces commandos.
My uncle owned one when I was a kid
Czech is definitely not one of those tho, I think vowel-heavy languages sound way cooler
Seeing a guy next to me driving a golf cart I'm pretty sure I'd feel richer sitting in a Corolla
Nová ves u Nového Města na Moravě [New village near the Moravian New Town]
" jokes, for example:
not at all, I know my English is pretty shitty.
Czechs speak Czech
But the government HAS created reasonable immigration policies.
That applies to most of our unfinished highways, a new train station for Brno, any high speed railways, P+R systems, metro/railway connection to the Prague airport (currently, your only options are buses and taxis, and that's a pretty big airport),... We always have something like this going on
The Slovak presidency actually had a proposal on this, it was firstly labeled as flexible solidarity and then later as effective solidarity.
However, we keep our total population around 1O-11 mio for over 100 years already
cz" both of which do investigative journalism
once at Chicago airport
Few days ago, our PM Andrej Babiš praised our coping with COVID and accidentally made zombie cure when he said "we saved thousands of dead people".
We could also say farewell to another tax haven
Also [Museum of Decorative Arts] in Prague is nice, if you like design
I have no idea what that was suposed to mean, also the opera is about 300meters from the square the monster was on :D
Only problem is that we need more respirators bud we should get a big delivery later today
Hrdliččin zval ku lásce hlas, (Doves voice invited to love)
Ok, I have no idea how to write "here" in his accent, but you get the point
Whether or not they're a "nation" or not is irrelevant.
I visited Russia last year and you know what their reaction mostly was
Nanofibres - usa - first patent
I guess you didn't have a dinner on the roof
Sorry, but I have to prove you wrong : [Jan Janský]
...how
Euro truck Sim is a check game
Vepřová (pork),
And my **quick** search confirms that
Atleast that was the case in my town
The StB was kind of like Gestapo, but during the socialist era
měsíc - both moon and month
(in your country's language and English)
I cannot imagine manager or engineer with these in the face
Try some 80s porn, it was also dubbed this way
It's because our mountains are super old and they have been deformed over the time.
with people not using it, right?)
Being Atheist is like a normal thing and almost anyone gives a shit about some religion
Cheers
Comrade (soudruh in Czech) was common official address in formal situations, for example, in elementary school, students addressed teachers as comrade teacher, even if he or she wasn't member of the party
Sometimes, you can hear some noises coming from the tunnels
Well, I don't visit Prague city centre often, so only thing I can tell that I am really in large city is that my commuting to work is with metro which frequently goes in 2-3 minutes intervals
We wanted to be original, so we call it "draslík".
I was like
o - about (something)
I started english at 7 in 2nd grade
Is he any more corrupt than other politicians?
Supposing that Ivana Trump really becomes the Ambassador to the Czech Republic I hope that it will be a major plus for relationship between us and the USA.
All I know is that they arrested a close person to the opposition candidate and that she is hiding somewhere, that they minimalised public transport, so people can’t protest, they’re arresting people, and that around 40 % voted before the election date
They are all German XD
Exchange offices rates can be unclear or shitty
Romanticized both by nationalists and communists .
Ah, that reminds me the time when we pillaged the polish capital so hard they had to move it
So there's something very fishy going on.
Oktoberfest is extremely expensive as it is, I can't image wiener wiesn being even more expensive than that
Because as you said, IQ doesn't mean shit
The 39% in our case is also pretty weird.
Didn't know mr
Only from Split to Prague by train you need 20hrs...
But he is no hero for nowayas Austria
Every insurance has a limit
"Hey, do you know how do you say 'mother-in-law' in Polish
Also one thing
Only kids who go through academic-type high schools are allowed to even apply for university
I've always loved flags, too
It's largely the fear of unknown, but you're right that Czechs are in a way tribalistic, meaning that they are worried about everyone who doesn't fit in what is 'normal' in the Czech republic
His chancellor failed to get security check from secret service, that is needed for his office
From people at work, randoms who found out, family, friends that aren't that close to us and don't know that we both hate children, etc
Zelená is a classic broke student choice
Sounds a bit more simmilar to me
Spending two semesters abroad on Erasmus was one of the best decisions I will ever make.
Obviously it's easy to do wrong as well (as seen in every other authoritarian state), but the Chinese have mostly avoided that so far.
Also whale - "velryba" - literally "megafish".
I guess this doesn´t take into account a decline in childbirth?
sounds about right
" were inscribed
Because you weren't paying attention when the Firearms Directive was being passed
I’d compare it to US and Canada, Britain and Ireland or Czechia and Slovakia :)
I find it sad when a language goes extinct.
Perhaps because in such an unfortunate case where you wouldn't find it cool, you could still be agreeable and note _kurwa_.
Kinda boring but makes sense
So i assume if we don't sound like Russians then Germans is the next easiest answer
I have used mine for almost anything in the times I built two houses
But it's completely random who gets translated and who doesn't. Juan Carlos was Juan Carlos in Czech, not Jan Karel, but Felipe of Spain is Filip
However, I didn't finish reading the first comment so I do the same only with Gmail
National governments should be kicked out of the EU decision process by introducing direct election to the EU Commission.
Wonderful
lol 2016 and we need statements like this..
So yeah I also have only this kind of opener, although with a larger handle to be more comfortable to hold
Kladivo is pretty badass tho
The way this has played out is pretty humiliating for the americans and devastating for the people living in the midst of the war
She is a bit too liberal for me
Maybe in 100 more years we can start thinking about the whole world, but for now it's too early.
If your administration lasts more than 4 years, consult a democracy specialist
And yes, they have been closed since Saturday
That said, Czech is full of irregularities, has many declension and conjugation patterns and also the free word order changing the meaning of a sentence doesn't help
Cigarettes, sunglasses, tatranka wafers and a swiss knife with bottle opener
If you "tie" your currency to the Euro, literally nothing will change.
Not really possible to count
Yes Blackberry, we are still using this crap
Our current temperature (-5 during day, -10 during night) and 10 cm of snow is relativelly average for January.
but when we talking 60 Euros
Yes we are, look at the map and the abundant comfortable feeling around Jews
Still enough to cause the ski-hungry Pragueners wreck their cars though
We're much more concerned about the Russians.
When taking internship in Vienna, I had 2 turkish colleagues, one from Istanbul and the other one born in Austria to turkish parents from Konya.
(70) The steps taken by online content-sharing service providers in cooperation with rightholders should be without prejudice to the application of exceptions or limitations to copyright, including, in particular, those which guarantee the freedom of expression of users
I'm surprised that nobody is asking the most important question and that is whether the glue was ok this time
There is reason this list exists:
We don't live in the post WWII and Cold war Europe anymore.
No and I wouldn't even consider it.
I don't particularly seek out fish but I will eat it (especially on Christmas) no problems there
On the other hand my baby is frying in her stroller poor thing
Yes
Didn't you know, democracy is the biggest enemy of Russia.
Yes, it will take years for the worst hit to get back to pre-crisis situation.
Only total and systematic attention to politics and engagement will help
I’ve also started German two months ago and I find it easier than French
We'll send them all to TRAPPIST-1.
Russian Nationalists Behind Alleged Coup Attempt in Montenegro
But is Razem a populist party or is it not?
I see you love to torture yourself my friend
Building low quality infrasructure and pushing countries into debt traps
Oh jeez
It has a long history
A common Czech tongue twister is Strč prst skrz krk (stick your finger through your mouth), but even more bizarre creations exist;
Hungary, maybe
But anyways, I think supreme court position isn't about good connection, I'd guess there's something more to that, but idk
Díky
*Cool, I was there*
I would rather forget
I really don't think infiltration was part of it.
(tho I don't smoke it) Like there's village nearby and it's easier to count the people who don't smoke it
For example - here, in the Czech Republic, you can go by our high speed train from Prague to Ostrava (356 km) in just over 3 hours
Do they think it's the end of it
- Lighting rod
Who are you going to punish for it though?
Similar widespread mistake is to talk about "long vowels" when referring to eə eɪ aɪ ɔɪ aʊ ɪə ʊə. These are not long vowels (i.e. monophthong vowels with a greater quantity) but diphthongs
And it's easy to differentiate because "a" is a vowel and "h" is not
You obviously know nothing about dark power of meme magic.
Yeah, both Metternich and Bach (Alexander, not Johan Sebastian) are big bad guys of our history
Reminds me of a coworker in my previous job - he said he was "from a small city near St
Almost always on the internet
Hrdliččin zval ku lásce hlas, (Doves voice invited to love)
ha we have this kind of plumbing as well
Holy crap, this just kept on giving
The second choice would be Germany
It's not the Russian people the countries are enemies with, it's Kremlin
But it's common in other parts of the world too
That said this hypothesis doesn't explain Austria'a love for wind.
Water in Písek is terrible for example.
But I meant cars where there is at least 0
I mean, I've heard the name but I have no idea what's this city is, apart from it being in Romania
Same applies for you
Not being as much corrupted as eastern countries.
I can also point out you're Romanian
Wrong
People, it's a trap
And nobody really seems to care when I don't check work emails when not in work
You know what is the best political joke
Huh, I recently turned 18 and it was still pretty easy to find a put where minors would get served
Also, personally, I think no central european country has a good food
Czechia also has 392 years of common history with Austria, for example; if my memory is correct then modern-day Slovakia also has 700-900 common years with Hungary
Slovaks are also on average pretty devout christians, something that Czechs absolutely aren't.
Next, you have to prove you have enough money to support yourself per semester, that varies country to country.
What about Moravia reclaiming you (only North, but Alps aren't that important)
The rest are fine and should let you withdraw without a fee
I have family in Most, I've been there a handful of times in my life and I have always thought it was the ugliest city in the country
So lunch is at 11 and dinner at 6
People even start gifting them out when there's far too much to eat or bear the smell, and then it becomes another persons problem
The brutal attack of the communist police on students and the response of society sparked Velvet revolution, which led to the regime collapse.
at that point we as humans will be so obsolete that it really won't matter.
Not only Yugos
I used to fly Prague -> Köln every month with GermanWings, glad I didn't have to suffer on a bus or train.
Okay, so perhaps not the 3rd, but just among the high-ranking Nazis
The assassination of Reinhard Heydrich, the Reich Protector of Bohemia and Moravia
), but like I said, it was long time ago
Beer&porn, Czech biggest contributes to world
All of **O**'Neill, **Mac**Donald, Fergus**son**, Pér**ez**, Ivan**ov**, Ivan**ovic**, Kardash**ian**, Juga**shvili,** Papa**dópoulos,** Petr**escu,** Nikola**yevich**, and many others, refer to "sons (or children) of". This should cover a large part of European surnames
I thought that would be Zeman lol
Kofola is literally the greatest soda on planet earth and every living being should drink it instead of water
Interests of different European countries are too diverging, superstate would never work.
Czechia is short, has actually been used for centuries, and is politically neutral
Btw, "uhry" also means "pimples" in Czech, but the etymology is unrelated)
:-)
Cimrman did sculpture himself but later it was used by hat-maker (hatter) Lešner to iron shapes of the hats, which lead to destroying all the recognizable features of his bust sculpture so noone knows how he looked
*they cant speak english very well
Yes
Male form: *Novák*, *Malinský*
Počítají se Habsburkové?
Also my dad eas speaking this way with few French and Swedish people
It's absolutely terrible and yes I feel it like a huge loss for all of us
The word "robot" comes from a play written by Karel Čapek
Maybe you've got the one from 2012 and they already changed it there
Gabčík and Kubiš, operation anthropoid
Well, the wine rednecks would live in the town of coal rednecks and vice versa
Wales is a similar case, but there was a lot of immigration from England in the times of industrial revolution, as more workforce was needed to run the coal mines and related industries.
Ohhh okay thank u!
It's very controversial, because lichtensteins in Czechia never percieved themselves as germans, but only as liechtensteins (also in census).
Though some groceries, electronics, cosmetics etc.
Actually no, but I've been in France only for a week or so
I think one or more robbers returned and their face/s got captured on camera
I've already told this, but in my previous job we have office building split between two companies, and tenants were responsible for everything including the floor number markers
It's also generally not called *revolutionary* as it wasn't as much of a revolution as it was gaining independence.
It's already happening in fact (Estonia and Poland).
I don't think Turkey is in the EU
From major EU countries, Spain did more tests (103k), Italy about the same (77k), and others less (Germany 56k, Poland 32k, France 21k)
It was about creating spheres of influence, similar to the Portugal-Spain Treaty of Tordesillas in 1494
The jokes have been flying here for several months
Really not an option if there is no foreign product to be had.
Leberkas-Pepi from Austria
1945 - 1949 ( communists took over )
Was about to say
I'm from Karlovy Vary (Carlsbad) so we got most of our landmarks from the last 2-3 centuries (thus not very historical), we got lotta spas, some thermal springs, a watchtower, an old house (the eldest building in our city, from 16th century I think) and the Three Crosses, a beautiful lookout
That bus had antenna".
You definitely can
As Czech, I'm just hoping we won't get sacrificed like the last time.
Euronet, to be precise
Why do the "specimen" ones always use Říčany as the place of birth
Didn't the chinese have something similiar before us
I came here to say Czechia’s the world’s largest producer of poppy seed (despite its small size) and that I personally absolutely love it
There's a massive difference there
it's mostly tourists who are travelling to Prague asking where to get weed.
Neither of us fits many stereotypes about our nations, but obviously there are some things, like we always have debates about 'proper' meal times (Czech dinner at 6pm vs
I've learnt mostly from playing videogames and watching series, school wasn't that ifluential even though I learnt a lot there
I cannot say the same for the Hispanics, Arabs, and Blacks unfortunately.
the same in Prague, one of the reasons why it is disliked is that the average wage in Prague is 30% higher than in the country
(That mess in Hong Kong is them btw)
Either that or it would risk starting some blody Vietnam style war, only in this case, the roles would be reversed - the Soviet Union would be directly involved and the West would be supporting us as their proxy.
Slovakia (Duchy of Nitra, Czecho-Slovakia)
Thanks
100% For new buildings these days
(Apparently, that's not true for younger people, but otherwise, it's usually fine
Meanwhile we cling on to our beer for dear life, because that's all we have going on :(.
(LOL btw our former and present presidents still deny CC and GW))
Now it barely ranks in top 500 universities
Can I hear the sound of that whistle anywhere
And Glock is not doing just B2B business
And language, obviously
[Hetalia]#Main_characters) is way ahead of you.
Some women just feel very uncomfortable because of this, it makes them feel unsafe.
You stop drinking at about 16-17 years...
Let's agree that we both use a different definition of "vowel". Your definition would be frowned upon in the field of linguistics, mine would maybe confuse uneducated English speakers
Same
That's why we need nuclear
Maybe consumption of beer and geography ? Dont really have anything too special
Only first name and surname
[Brno checking in
In the lecture preceding the play The Stand-In (Czech: Záskok), a list of Cimrman's "Ten Commandments for Novice Actors" is presented, after which the commandments are broken one by one throughout the rest of the play
:) Im not a huge fan of Ubisoft tbh
Well Muricans like to say Go big or go home
Friendly gesture from the UK to let them have it
I wouldn't be worried about that
> You can't use the name of a living parent or sibling
And 50 years ago, new communist government used police, the army and the People’s Militias to brutally squash massive civil protests  on the occasion of  the first anniversary of the invasion
It is Ephebophilia when the sexual interest preference is mainly towards adolescents
Only movie including Denmark I remember is the one where some American girl marries the prince
Bonus fact: there are maps from 19
*bašta* - delicious food / fortress
On one hand, I'd like to have an EU seat in the UNSC, on the other hand, a UN reform which is truly needed would most likely end with EU having just one seat which is less favourable for us than status quo when we can have up to 5 seats (UK, France, 2 Western European countries, 1 Eastern European country).
French dinner at 9 or something), missing proper croissants or eclairs in Czechia, light-hearted stuff like that
ad some paprika and we are good
In Poděbrady (eastern part of the Central Bohemian region) there are many historical buildings, but because Poděbrady is a spa town, you can fing modern architecture as well ( like the [train station] [art nouveau villas] [Libenského Kolonáda] and many others)
together with this
I don't understand the occasional re-emergence of the Schuldkultur, as people today have not that much in common with the past and think they shouldn't be penalised in any way for it
cz is great in CZ, for hiking and anything outdoor they can't be matched
I don't think so
In Czech its called Otčina - Otec means father
One of our politicians went to Taiwan to discuss trade
I tried Google translate and that's indeed [x].
in Slovakia, garbage men are poor, often gypsies, of course also essential, but you don't want to become one either
on a large area with cities, towns and villages :)
You may not agree, but Obama has a pretty high approval rating of 55-60%.
I'm glad that we were able to help out.
Austria
It's certain though that Germany would still be in economic shit post-WW1 and so Hitler would probably get in power anyway
You get an opportunity to talk with one of them, and all you will be able to sense is a hatred, resentment and longing for the old times, when the working class was privileged, feared and in charge of everything.
for example
I certainly don't have it for self-defence (I only have sport license anyway).
I have a long weird history with Czech republic
Yeah but we are maybe gonna Czech Out
>Except it would be infinitely easier to get a gun on the right market than right now
Just want to say that the line above vowel isn't accent like in others languages but it means that vowel should be pronounced longer
Yeah, I'd make twice as much money in the US, but I'd also spend 6 times as much on healthcare, use 80% more electricity, 4 times likely to be murdered etc
But, things turned out differently.
Obviously nowadays most Czechs are gonna be civil and perfectly fine with dealing with Germans in business, tourism or everyday life, but I'd say that some of the negative sentiments are still lurking under the surface, especially in Sudetenland
/r/czech/ is just drinking beer and waiting for all this to blow over!
It should be spicy in the sense that the spice gives it the proper taste but not too much spicy that spiciness would be its major quality.
80 EUR (350 CZK) monthly
This one got greatly alterated in 1968 after the Warsaw Pact invasion, when the Federation laws were established
These two are however still standardised
For example our government capped the price of PCR tests
Říkáte taky někde na Slovensku: ,,Před pikolou za pikolou nikdo nesmí stát, jinak nebudu hrát. Už jdu
I mean, it's not that this affects a shitton of people, since the Jewish, black and muslim (and asian as well to an extent I guess) populations are pretty low, but holy crap where is this coming from
"Minister of state-approved communication"
A hotel fell through the ground in the town square a few decades back because everyone forgot about some medieval cellar for storing beer barrels it was built on
Certainly a centralized system makes sense, but guns already have a unified marking system.
I love it
I was really disapointed by Pisa
I’d get up at 6:20 at latest, get ready, have breakfast, and go walk the dog at 7 or 7:10
At least a dozen
Didn't need upvotes, but at least it will be seen.
Nope, it's [this
I might be ignorant here, but what exactly is wrong with this
I dunno what to do
I've got a bank account and I've got a debit card.
Uh, no, not really
Wish I could do shit all day like the French
Punching above our weight
I think it exists
Or butter biscuits that I can dip in the milk
It was surprising to you that a Russian student could read Russian
Nedziela wieczur
How about a referendum on joining the EEA?
Hard to say, especially since the line is quite blurry
FOR REAL
I think
I still remember when they were trying out the wireless card payments on us and how amazing that was
Research has shown that L1 swear words stimulate your brain differently than L2 swear words
reminds me of 3rd round of hiring interview with my employer, represented by a manager three positions above me.
It's more of an "sh" sound, isn't it
It was a commercial for a new edition of Bible that was special in some way
whereas richer country essentially got a worker without supporting him throughout his childhood and adolescence.
But obviously, it's easier said than done.
And many civilians too
And some more
Our old apprenticeship system (very similar to German model) fell apart after end of commie times.
But regular houses or flats
Hot but not unusual for a beginning of summer holidays
Don't get me wrong, I love all these languages and agree with your list mostly, I'd just switch italian for russian in importance aspect.
Travel to eastern Belarus and ask people there what they think about opposition
krokodil is pretty much just low quality heroin if I recall
One of my most favorite dishes
com
* household shared with cat, which is somehow relaxing itself
There is a big chance, that our next PM will be current finance minister Andrej Babis.
I just turn it on, watch cars crash, then turn mybrain off and then watch ending car chase
We are taught at school that Central European countries are Germany, Switzerland, Lichtenstein, Austria, Slovenia, Czechia, Poland, Slovakia, and Hungary
Does your country have a tradition of sending children to summer camps
Like the other guy said
How much would change
Kamizolka kuloodporna
Didnt spent a penny to buy them and didnt buy even key to open them in CSGO
Also, there's that saying: "If you throw them out of door, they'll return through window
Slovakia - Slovaks live in their lands probably since 7-8th century, but history of their independent state starts in 1939 with collaboration with Nazis
Hyundai was forcing their cars to us through ads and childish jokes about Škoda to become a new top selling car brand here.
Baggins is "Pytlík" in Czech
Other weapons are not regulated at all
The reason I installed adblocking software was because the ads became a) a risk, b) way too intrusive.
I thought you were Chinese of Europe?!
Will they stop providing services in Europe and start providing them in Burkina Faso for example?
you guessed it, "dog"
Everytime when I think about this kind of revenge, I remember how prices in the UK are and then I realise why they spend their stag nights in my country.
I'm also not saying that the songs are listened passively over their lifetime (I was talking about the phase when someone is introduced/introduces themself to songs)
I don't think you can buy anything with 1czk lol, 10 czk: maybe some small sweets, 100czk: probably like 2 bottles of beer, not sure tho
Nobody gives a shit
I regret coming back to the states in May
> You can't use the name of a living parent or sibling
Important to note that National Socialism doesn't equate nazism
Czechia FTW
The ones around the historical center are mostly old cellars, some of them are as old as the gothic period
Plebeians of all provinces, unite!
Hungarians got an equal status and we didn't, that's just a fact
I think we can say this about the entirety of the former communist countries in Europe
Few minutes to and from subway on foot
A lot of british comedies are popular here because it seems brits and czechs share the fondness for the same kind of dry humour.
Shared history still makes me feel like we are estranged cousins
[Something ridiculous like this.] I think I hit every country.
Nice to get these things fast
for example)
Also stuff about army and being armywife would be probably nonexistent
Edit: also Karlovy Vary is very beautiful too
What about stop with drinking of beer
In the first and second grades at elementary school it's mostly about learning to read and write (I'm not sure if Writing wasn't a subject itself back when I was at school).
The second form is far more common, but doesn't work with numbers greater than 1999
Prague Porto we flew
Fun thing is, that you can access these areas from most cellars of older buildings
Yes, kind of
Shit will hit the fan
It really shows the power of collective nation memory and how our different historic experience shape our mentality and make us react differently in certain situations.
Honestly, the only reason why they are considered a part of the southern Slavs is that they were a part of Yugoslavia
But there are many exceptions and also whole context came to play and might change the rule
Fire drills everywhere, in hotels, in offices
Need I continue, or will you get off your high horse and realise that the infrastructure in Amsterdam's centre sucks for anyone who isn't on two wheels
Should used "beer mug broken over his head"
!subscribeToCamelFacts
It's up to the rest of us to sanction (and potentially expel) countries such as Luxembourg if they behave badly.
And as a bonus - my nation wears socks in sandals regularly
The knights who say
And with the other Slavs you can subjugate large swathes of land
Most probably
I hope people in charge are actually doing something about it, but as I know our beloved government it will probably go at a snail's pace
Yeah my schoolmate lost £40 there and was so pissed, but we all knew it was a scam
whatever he said right there
I would not be happy being with him in the tram
but can I just say how annoying it is to constantly be on the receiving end of these bullshit lists?
That's horrible
I mean, kinda
Yah, positive trend in Estonia is similar to development in most parts of eastern EU.
Next to ankle
If my family was killed, I would probably also find it difficult to not be bitter about it
We called it the Combat Handbag
I’d say Andrej Babis, our prime minister
What's a UK
Czech hetero couples overwhelmingly want a baby or a todler of the same ethnicity as them.
He would keep them in small porcelain cup
Trains tend to be the most expensive option in many countries
Most of Zorthianators posts in this thread are factual, trying hard to explain his position about the issue, unlike post of some other people, basically saying "If you dare to have different opinion about anything, you should fuck off."
Two are maximum and it has to be existing name in correct grammar form
Even though we make fun of it, the city center is beautiful
And he very clearly used the Force while aiming, not some blasted targeting computer
I am from Czech republic
What happenned with boats used by migrants to get in Greece?
Telecí (veal),
I have worked in Shanghai, spend few weeks traveling in China every year as my holiday, learning Chinese.
We mostly went away from battles and operations
I can understand Slovak probably like 99%, the easiest one after that is probably Croatian, then all the other Slavic languages
And what about Moravia and Silesia
It was taken by Swedes during war in 17th century and to this day they have it on display in their museum
They had foreign relations expert to talk about it
I've already told this, but in my previous job we have office building split between two companies, and tenants were responsible for everything including the floor number markers
The EU as a country within NATO would do wonders to reduce redundancy.
You practically cannot buy the good ones in any store but have to "know a guy". Even then it's hit or miss, because everyone says theirs is great
Were second
But if you wash your dick it means you have to touch it and that´s where the whole root of the problem is.
Codex Gigas is the most valuable book created in Bohemia (Czechia)
If it's not a Czech beer, it sucks, so they suck both, solved it for ya
Just for non-czech redditors
Any places to avoid at night
Said children and grandchildren can always move back if they don't like it...
The difference is night and day
Czechoslovakia used to have *četnictvo* rural military police similar to the gendarmerie but it got integrated after WW2
Veeery good
Ten náhrdelník se hodí k šatům. = That necklace will look good with those dress
Yeah
In English
I didn't know what to eat lol
This is still alive in some villages, I’ve encountered it once in middle of nowhere village, and it felt alien
Police
Paper was known to Chinese long before Europeans
>traditions, culture, food
In general, it's not an offense to use/don't use "Czechia" for us
some people heard about it, but most have no specific information on the process.
In Bohemia beer is without a doubt the drink number one, in Moravia wine is pretty popular too, even though beer probably still wins as well.
I saw Polish school where kids around 16 learned how to shoot and repair Beryl, learned tactics and teamwork
Back in 2017, I went from the Czech Republic to Edinburgh
All it takes is not following the hip song scene.
England: Evening on old hillforts near Scottish border
Consuming too much alcohol before you reach 21 years of age is fucking bad for you
that's nothing ocassionally where I am from, no shame for living with parents during studies
Germany needs to rearm and restore Ordnung in Paris
I use cans handful of times a year, and at least half of them have pull tabs anyway
At least we have the vocative case productive, which is nice
You pay some 16% of your income for health insurance
When interacting with real people in Warsaw or Krakow I could also understand most of the times, although I had a feeling I can understand Poles better than they can understand me
That is why governments pay subsidies or straight up support for some kind of companies, to make it profitable in that country
not exactly, citizenship is only half of it
Instead of MINT you should've went for a STEM degree.
[Hitler looking out  of a window at the Prague Castle]
We celebrate only the 8th of May as a Day of victory
Jewish guy be lookin' like Franz Kafka, pretty spot on
This is awesome
Indeed
after less than a year I didn't need the subtitles
It's like naive sheep saying, that wolf is better than bear.
[33]
Czech guy here, record low unemployment in our country.
Anyway - you can hopefully reach the database [here] and click through it and filter it yourself if you want.
And Easter Monday is not much a Chritian holiday, the important stuff happens before during Easter
Locals are qualified and it won't be easy to get in.
I don't mind the accent at all, unless people try to force the old-timey british accent - like they're in Downton Abbey, not corporate open office..
Unless you are from house of Kinsky or similar noble family (and then it is usually more than 2)
USB-C?
I know, I just wanted to show how similar our languages are
from my experience with sauna all over Europe staff will kick you out if not naked
Proper (dark) [bread
You can dislike EU and like Europe, it's not such an outlandish idea
Fun fact, Bavaria (Bayern) was Bohemia’s best friend for a long time in the middle ages
I think that the series struck a perfect balance between translated and non-translated terms
>Most people in Czech Republic have no idea about this
If it wasn't for the Cyrillic, it's the easiest language to follow as both grammar and writing is quite easy
Little by little the truth will get out and then we'll start seeing justice served.
Then there's [Český Krumlov] which is a small town in Southern Bohemia but the centre is almost as crowded as Prague
I second that
Czech here, one of the least religious countries in the world (afaik).
beat me to it
Well . . . been looking for some czech comments
There is definitely some leakage of US politics into British though and there is talk, especially places like reddit or the media and FB groups of boomers and millenials but its too broad
Hh, I am glad you have nice memories from Czechia
However, if we move to legalize it, it should be done in a way that doesn't normalize it
, all while speaking or writing in their native tongues
They shouldn't have given citizenship (or even permanent residency) to the children of temporary workers - ideally they should've been raised back in Turkey to emphasize the fact that the Turkish workers are there temporarily.
However I feel connection to west Slavic countries (Slovaks and Poles) everywhere I go
We basically formed a pretty tight-knit group right from the start with, say, 10 people and just explored the city together, sometimes meeting the other groups at parties.
Until I visited Copenhagen
It succeeded (though it was more of a symbol, the Communist party was in ruins already back then)
well, mostly because in the past, we helped them when they needed it the most, and we supplied them with weapons, as the only country from Europe.
Because we're 100% allies, at least on the military part.
Pronounced the same, a small difference in meaning
On a more serious note, there are actually separatist movements in Moravia
Turks are not, so they should GTFO.
LETS GOOOOO
How is it expensive if energy costs in France are lower than in the Netherlands?
Like we have truly nationalist parties here too, but they have very low support.
Francisco Pizarro, Hernán Cortés, Miguel de Cervantes y Saavedra, ...
The EU gun ban and the forced migrant quotas mainly
Even sadder is that it's countries' decision
It's stupid to blame it on Turks as a nation, however Erdogan is dragging attention to Turkey by basically acting like he is the defender of islam against the fashist West
I can't really imagine we'd attack somebody for speaking German in public, though, it's more snide remarks like "see, they've never actually changed" when our media report about cases of far-right extremism in Germany, and stuff like that
what's the one place in your country that should just get demolished?
Guess the word immigrant just carries too many negative connotations.
Hello from Prague
You're giving me dangerous ideas
Yes I do
Cereal with milk are also awesome
There are even people who tried to sue Bashar for "using chemical weapons against his people" lol
I read a book on my way to work and back, so no opinion on the darkness/weather, I wear a warm jacket and dream of riding my bike again
I surfed through all news sites
Also [this happened on presidential election day]
Ah, I remember hearing about the myth in the Seal Museum in Iceland
Probably much older
some of them was "international", was somewhere in GDR together with Hungarian and Poles back then and  Germans, poles and Hungarians were going here as well
The God died
Lmao it doesn't matter where is the power plant in Czech Republic, It's so small that where ever will it be it will still hit Austria with the nuclear fallout
More popular than handegg though.
China invades to prevent that from happening
If you ask it the way that makes people imagine typical Asian selling cheap stuff in a market with their super broken Czech, there is no wonder parents would prefer their kid to date a native Czech
I mean
Where he is still to this day
And as per usual the quality difference between what is essentially the same product is still present, despite the efforts of the suffering countries to make the EU change that
Communism and Nazism
But do they have the machine that goes PING
Someone correct me if you have more fitting translation
We had a school trip there
Euro truck Sim is a check game
That's cool
It really depends on the studio, producers, director etc.
That's why I say technically
In middle ages (13th century) Houska Castle was built, but it was strange one
Holko modrookó nosodóvoj o potoko, ...
I knew people here learn English, so I thought people in England must learn Czech
Nowadays it would definitely be a lesser evil kinda vote, and it always is in presidential elections
People still vote them easy but funny thing happened leader of ANO Babiš took communist vote by big margin.
Sad we don't have that law
You can find more information here:
Happy cake day
There is this nice movie:
propably, I'm from southern Moravia but I will ask my friends if they know it or if it is just Jeseníky thing lol
Well, after what happened with the Gamestop stocks I definitely have more than enough lol
Work hours haven't changed for the last 100 years, while technology and productivity continued improving, I think we just have to accept it can't stay the same forever and that there won't be as much human labor needed in the future
This
Or more vulgar:
In every major municipality (sometimes they cover 2 municipalities) at all times, there is at least 1 police car patroling around with heavy firepower and Kevlar equipment ready to respond to threats even before the swat team could
never been to US
I don't want to have a 10-hour shift, not even for an extended weekend
Or for them
But some round up strategies are just plainly stupid
Germany: Visiting Bautzen with a local Lausitzian guide
Austrians go to Sarajevo to end up their misery.
Even if you argue that Euro made Greek assets overvalued, it is still not the fault of the ECB that Greece entered the Eurozone, unless you provide the evidence.
V Novém Městě na Moravě se jezdí biatlon
Hooker And fuck (as a bad word) are translated as Kurva
Well, then I guess Catalonia can take up arms and try to defeat Madrid.
Do you not know anything about 20th century history
If true about the harassment and drunkeness, that is a problem.
Imagine if he came back with bad grades
We earned the right to have our own country
And I don't like how "Czechia" sounds It is like Slovakia
Very stupidly
"Can I get Czech citizenship if my great grandmother was born in Czechoslovakia
* Richard Lionheart = Richard Lví Srdce
I was like
And this seems to be the same as in other European languages except English
Just google "koňsky salám"
Another young Czech politician (was PM at 43) was so incompetent, that he practically destroyed his own party
>in Dresden chances aren't slim that people would sing along
He always seemed like a Great leader that was just trying his best to make a more democratic system work while failing miserably
My understanding is home ownership is low in Europe
I would say France because of the wars with Franks during Samos ages and the Napoleonic wars
Some wars in Middle ages or early modern age wars
The grammar is real pain in the ass, complex sentences are hard to understand
payed mostly by France and oil companies, not by EU
Do you believe in one or more god(s)?
It was hard to imagine that should be lost forever
But we have Jan - Honza (derivated from german Hans)
In Czech it's veverka, i wonder what the origin is
That's insane
When I paid greater attention to this word, it dawned on me.
Exactly this
But maybe that's just me
Eventhough those protests are huge, it can't cause much damage to our prime minister, or minister of justice, because they are getting support from higher places
It is an opportunity to let tourist traps go bankrupt, and to rebuild them from scratch
Me, I don't complain that much, since otherwise I'd catch my regular cold again
Also, the "reason" you mentioned is an argument itself
From my experience it's rather true
I've heard their falcons are to die for
Plenty of people rather drive to a different town/city to get a medical treatment just because the service is better there
I think people more discuss if they should have a regular or alcohol-free beer with their lunch
Sure, it makes sense for people from other continents, that once they're here, they want to see as much as possible in one trip.
Thanks, China, you incompetent fucking communist run shithole of a regime
I would say České Budějovice in English Czech Budweiser
I also never thought about that despite speaking German, I'd assume it was just a variation of čau
I actually meant that she was a highly positioned employee *of* the Cabinet ("Managing Director of the Section of the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic's Cabinet" to be precise), not  a *member* of the cabinet (Minister)
I cringe extremely hard when I see "white people" generalisations and US racial politics in general, the ever so prevalent American view on ancestry and nationality which is driven by their mindset to be unique - e.g. claiming German, Czech, Polish, Italian etc
Ovidijus
"not against" or rather "not to be against" directly translates to "nebýt proti". Note that "against" isn't a negative
Many eastern countries were for centuries opressed by their neighbours and don't want to give up their independence again
Also, welcome to spoken Chinese or Japanese
They started to run, and he fired with crossbow, killed one of them, and got to jail
If I remember correctly:The girl is living with her grandma
Droga
I have to learn German in school as well as English but I'm okay with English
Well for example Munich treat was for us the biggest treason in our history and we will never forget that, but for France and Britain it probably means very little
yeah Ayia Napa was kinda a shock, still very nice but it felt like I was in Ibiza
Welp, dunno how they logically deducted that it's not a murder considering during at least one of these defenestrations there were people below with spears pointing to the sky
o - about (something)
What's that all about
I've been to Kosovo
this is taught to children across Europe.
Although I was more worried about matte black Mercedes G with tinted windows and AZE plates tailgating me once
Laughs in Czech
All the way back in the 90s, we had "Internet for schools", a similar scam involving famously overpriced IT equipment for public schools
Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia
There's probably countless others that I'm missing right now
I second [Technical Museum] I loved it as a child
Funniest thing is that we export more into Taiwan or Russia than to China
Otherwise I stay within 100km from home.
Thats right, you need a licence for a stupid pepper spray
I’m not really sure
having to bribe your doctor for service while paying for it with taxes
Most parties sent usual gray mice, but far right SPD sent weirdo, who wasn’t able to speak fluently on his own
Those two are both acceptable names of the country.
As a Czech who is knwon of this tradition I can see why, carp just does not taste good.
Hau ár jů?
Making either kind of dough from scratch is worth it, I promise
Mafia doing something so high profile, that's insane
It's not Czech but Slovak
I am ready to admit that, but the amount of unwillingness to make concessions ins Eastern Europe is just mindboggling.
Then many of your people completely missed the point of "European Union".
I suspect that this stereotype, as the majority of the other ones, used to be correct at some point of time
Hitler himself was surprised by the warm welcome.
Chinese food is very popular here, but it is made (mostly) by vietnamese and is neither chinese, nor vietnamese.
By your logic your country was "founded" somewhere mif 90s when you finally had a constitution
why would you be proud of this
I don't see how Metro D, rail line to Vaclav Havel airport or trams on Václavské náměstí are badly executed projects, since the construction works on them didn't even properly start
It's something that is quite normal
Probably [this one] It's from the 1989 protests that were part of the Velvet revolution and fall of communism
Moravians may chuckle at it occasionally, but in general our accents aren't all that strong
The oldest evidence for human habitation is human worked rock from 700 000 BC.
Everyone knows Triest belongs to the mighty Austrian Empire !
People working from home: "Now what
Same  for biology
I like the CV touch
That was a bold and dangerous thing to say
Typical Czechs
>I wouldn’t visit it unless you’re going somewhere like Kruger National Park and nowhere else
20 % of my net income but it used to be 36 % before I refinanced my mortgage.
Can't wait to see this in local news.
KL and Malaysia itself are awesome, definitely recommend it
Cool idea btw
(I don't think one could provide a definitive stance on this in reddit's comments right now
I vaguely remember that when I was around 16, they suddenly tightened the laws around the penalty for letting minors drink and it became extremely difficult to find a place to illegally drink, if you were a minor, so we had to resort to drinking at home
It's pretty cold this week, but otherwise around 5C and higher and I don't expect any snow
The highs are usually around 35°C and even that's somewhat extreme.
Czech media help this a lot
Volumes have been written about how a single porn episode can seriously damage a woman's later life; suicides are not uncommon
&#x200B;
Had my birthday on the weekend, but the shops were closed and I barely had any food at my place
Czech republic considers diplomatic relations with Serbia as one of it's top priorities and is one of the few supporting and lobbying for Serbia's approval into EU
Same here
But there's no declension, whereas in Czech you decline, conjugate and inflex everything, which isn't very cool (although it has its advantages)
Such emblems in fact are not coats of arms.
Cannot say the same about other big cities further west, tho.
Gypsi kids from my town stole my bike when I was a kid
I claim that the development in the EU is worrying, and there are talks of creating a unified army
Mor egerman ? socks and sandals ? with beer ? 10/10 Czech republic
That just sounds like the smart thing to do with the things you want to forget
Yeah no, basically no one from Czech republic denies the holocaust
OP is reffering to the domesticated rabbit, not wild rabbit
Nothing at all tbh
Novák's daughter will be Nováková) and at marriage (Mr
So are you a proper Belgian or the french one
I would not be against it
We split decimal places with comas and we don't always split thousands but when we do, we do it with a simple space
Really
Yo what the fuck
Well as a Czech currently living in Santiago, I must say that everything is somewhat darker about our national attitude when compared even to Galician.
This is one of the hardest problems I see EU has to overcome to a point where I believe we are trully united.
it's just a figure of speech, guy.
Borrowed from Polish and used without regard for actual Czech word rules
Ah yes, Semir Gerkhan as the main cop antagonist
Everybody in the country knows it's real and fucked
Also, naughty children supposed to be taken back to Spain
Maybe it's not because they are Asians, but because they are locals
Rome
I am afraid they are too busy condemning Israel to write one.
But I was simply trying to pick a slightly better geographical model (albeit imperfect) than East X West which is super useless
I don't particularly seek out fish but I will eat it (especially on Christmas) no problems there
the slivo- part just denotes the fruit
Apparently the most common folkloric being in Czechia is the vodník / wasserman / vodyanoy
Still applies today
I don't know any other existing "Mléčný bar" in Czechia
I dont think we are as similar as many people think
What's also quite different about our langue is that when we put C and H together it's considered it's own letter "CH" ([x])
You Finns are hardcore
hairy dumplings, made with grated potatoes)
Is it Znojmo
Where did you learn it
I think it is obvious why you think what you think since you live in a very specific type of a family
Yeah, sounds like it
At first I thought that the melody was beyond saving, but it's actually more like that the commonly used rendition is written in a way that it feels like the entire orchestra has woken up 5 minutes ago
Japan and Romania come close, but it still isn't ban
Would they find hiding Voldemort
Here in Prague metro area, the tickets got even cheaper to combat cars and pollution.
is a holiday
Plus I have a lot of fun coming up with names for Slavic characters
Slovak is often perceived as some sort of "esperanto" of Slavic languages, I guess that's understandable given its central position among all the 3 slavic language subgroups
And sometimes you can even go few levels further and make up words like pejsánek, pejsáneček for even smaller cuter dogs
My mind was blown (no pun intended) when I heard about it
I don't agree with your view on V4.
Slovaks are also on average pretty devout christians, something that Czechs absolutely aren't.
American tourists in Prague can get pretty startled at the fact
Or are you referring to the events in 1947, where the communists secured stripping Slovakia of its parliamentary representation, since they voted overwhelmingly democratic
but still, interesting experience.
Personally I think the deportation of Germans living on czechoslovakian soil directly after world war 2
Try to connect to the western world
Come on, he won't make life easier for Le Pen voters based on his rhetoric
Oh look, the Hungarians approve
Jarmilo
Habsburgs were bitches too, but in my opinion still not as bad as nazis/commies, and I also think that Metternich was a lot worse than your averidge Habsburg
But we go further
May our nations see the light and work on better future
The capital city itself or its people
It was late in the evening - the first of may
British elite failed those people, not EU.
That sounds like a lot for such a small island
We called it the Combat Handbag
Careful, you may have provoked some people living there :D
(and some bad things from internet strangers)
If you want a ticket for a whole week or a month the card is now the only way how to get them
Only by a miracle was WWIII avoided.
Not being Austrian, I'm still fine with calling it Austria
English is currently just convenient for trade and science
r/WTF
I've learned about main religions and some most famous cults -> basic info about them
So that's nice
Make it happen
We occassionally remark Silesia, Lusatia, and Kladsko used to be ours but not exactly in the sense that we want it back.
Then it went down again till the current state.
No wonder Ottomans had such hard time conquering it.
Or you will leave if we're not in the core EU (if there's indeed a multi-speed EU)?
EU is viewed pretty negatively nowadays (although we were always the most euro-sceptic country out of those which joined in 2004, so this is hardly a new thing).
Other than that there is no serious movement against NATO I know of.
How is Albania these days
I remember Raiders of the Lost Ark (I've seen it at least ten times), Alien, Beverly Hills Cop, Jaws,  Grease, Papillon, Fort Apache the Bronx
They're not the typical anti-immigrant "far right" populist type, their populism mostly lies in not having any opinions on important issues at all.
I never see them outside Prague but Prague seems to be FULL of them
And socks in sandals and vacations in Croatia and falling to death while hiking in the mountains.
The Prague Castle was built and soon it became an important trading and cultural centre
They told us they dont acxept standard visa/mastercard and only accept some weird german shit cards
No, but they dont turn the country into some sort if Wild West as a lot of people like to suggest
The thumbnail would make more sense with the Czech flag and the Slovak flag swapped.
Idk if Poland has gymnasium as one the school types
It’s great way to socialize and to meet new people
Some people here lost everything as small children and I do not find it strange if they cannot get over it
“Padají trakaře” translates to “It’s falling barrows”. We say that when it’s snowing heavily
Well technically you can cross it in a pick up, with few modifications.
Duck is a staple of Czech cuisine and is very common at home and in restaurants
Masculine: mal(í) hadi (little snakes) - > mal(ý) hadi
Having to go outside to get fries is a self-preservation method, really
Nobody cares if you buy an AR-15 or a .22 bolt action rifle for that as long as you have a licence
said nobody living in cities
You just kinda have it but it's not on official documents
Helping Greece with defence is a big difference from interfering with internal conflict in Mali
they are EVERYWHERE
Yes
People viewed consoles as something expensive that's only for playing games, and as such, an expensive hobby machine.
Only one of the kids was almost bald in Lolek and Bolek, but yeah, different cartoon
And this time, with the Polish government on board with us.
In numbers if possible please
It is challenging a bit for me to say
We don't actively celebrate it
Not just in sports
An international supermarket chain will find a way to overcome a crisis but the smaller need our support to do so
I don't want it to be true, really
Yes, because they don't take interest in the remaining others at all, if they don't cross the Rhine ofcourse.
They aren’t meant to be broken, outsmarted, cheated or plainly ignored
Anway, for Slavic languages mutual intelligibility I recommend youtube channel Ecolinguist
TIL how these intricate systems are called.
we had to be an excellent company then as our office didn't have this
I study German and I was taught (by Czech and German professors alike) that Tschechien is a totally normal correct term, while Tschechei is the offensive one
Czech, for example, is extremely efficient in taking the words and changing them to fit
From the mysterious ancient Indus Valley Culture, trough the thousands years of struggle between expansionism and administration of the multiethnic area, trough the pacifist approach of King Ashoka to equally impressive Akbar the Great and his Mughal Empire.
(probably WW2), from American, in Prague
That's some WaterWorld shit right there
and yes wallets, keys, phones
The only connection I feel to them is that somewhen one and half thousand years ago we split from the same Slavic branch and now we speak a vaguely similar language, but the mentality is different, culture is more distinct and overall I just feel more like home when I’m in Austria
Allegedly, a lot of scientists (Swedish ones, as well as ones only residing in Sweden) demanded a change to it, but instead of their ideas being considered and there being some kind of national debate on the topic, they were told to shut up and in some cases the backlash was so strong, that they decided to leave the country
It's a great plan if you want to further increase tensions in Europe
Yup
So it's more and more common for people of my generation to do some investing for when they are older just in case the pension system really does go to shit
Sure, I'm not saying they should treat you like a king and personally I wouldn't say it's too bad, but I've been to some doctors who definitely could treat their patients a bit better
Now that I think about it, the centers of those two towns are very similar, just Budějovice is much, much larger
Noone is arguing otherwise
Many people add extra light sources on their cars too
I am pissed off with the tabloids blowing it out of proportion and printing headlines like “made us go home from work and meanwhile
That's the sad truth
Isn't that on purpose
It's also proven that humans probably caused the current increase in temperatures
Yes, these other countries were part of invasion, but really every one here understand, that their governments were partially puppets of Soviet regime, just like Czechoslovak government which was installed after the invasion
It's like a whole different culture and way of thinking being lost.
In my opinion, the war on drugs only causes harm to society and isn't productive at all
Living in one of the armpits
perhaps Friends instead of TBBT
Right now
Usually when making this joke, we will pretend like we don't even know that Slovakia exists and when someone mentions it in a conversation, we act confused and ask if the meant Upper Hungary instead.
It sounds like a mixture of Swedish, British, German, American an maybe a bit of Australian
Wasn't it Breivik who travaled to Prague in order to get illegal firearms and failed
"It's an Albany expression"
It's tiny now, but there are precedents for an insignificant town being named the capital and swelling in size
Hah, typical :D :D
5 generation (we have 14 of them so don't worry)
there should be -la
Sir, please proceed [to this area
So I would say I identify with like-minded people, then with nationality, then perhaps with some form of Slavic identity
It is almost unbelievable how many religious motives and religious songs are in early 50s CS propaganda movies
It’s a beautiful city though
It's whoever wants to go in first (or gets attacked), then everyone else is dragged in like a chain lmao.
It was quite the topic back in the day, since it's just across the border
A daily schedule of planed economics was clearly defined, so if you was outside during working/school hours - let's say between 9AM and 2PM, cop could ask you what are you doing there and he could ask you to show him your ID - it happened to me a twice - when I was out to my doctor appointment
It is not my field of interest, but I've heard people whos field of interest it is, and they insist that saying "US civil war was about slavery" is oversimplification
chilly - 14-20
I probably forgot something since it's a pretty complex topic, feel free to ask
However, I don't know about any OLAP (or better generally Business Intelligence) website where a citizen could easily analyze what MEPs resp
I remember ordering in Czech in Vienna, 'cause I've heard waiters to speak Slovak
The interwar period
let's do the same shit for 3rd time :)
The actual Finnish birthday picture you’ve been waiting for
Only mentally ill people tried that with me.
Landlords won't rent them property.
She told us she was born near Chernobyl, and when we asked if she is irradiated, she answered that ‘near’ means 200 km
It may sound a bit savage, but it’s mostly fun
I'd guess bees could be among the most dangerous at about 4 deaths annually (within a 10 mio population)
Thanks
And you have this information from where?
He guaranteed safety to Jan Hus, who was among the first to speak against the catholic church only for him to be later burned alive for his beliefs
Sandwich and crisps is not an unusual lunch
In Czech cuisine, black seeds of poppy are quite common - they are added to pies or sweet rolls for example
Okay, try to follow:
I was born in '88 and so I never had much Slovak on TV, but I still find it very easy to understand
Heck, he kinda despise Trump as incompetent failed businessman
someone stole her colleague again?
We make bonfires on April 30, children dress as witches, and in some places a figurine of a witch is burned in the bonfire
Perfume bottles are also a thing
Thats very possible explanation.
Not sure about that, but it certainly rings a bell
I'm not just talking about funding though as consumers there's only 2 with real spending power and one of them is about to leave and start trading with others.
Is it beautiful so the architect can sell the plans to the king more easily or for the birds’  benefit or they had envisioned the planes and drones
Wait, that would be 100 Kč/day for 3 people
I blame my pancreas
And fuck eu shit legislative interfiering national interests
You can make a metric, a ratio of active to passive listenings which led to liking a particular song/whatever
What about United Republic of Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia
How do you distinguish between different curse words though
One of the most powerful nations in the world, but we are Putin's puppet.
Because of lethal weapon - smrtonosná zbraň.
It's only matter of time management and self organization imo (and maybe bit of just how much your work sucks)
Black Tower
Little one bite bars of dark chocolate with either no filling, peanuts and crispy rice (?).
You have much more kids than is usual, and your name shows that you are not ethnically czech
[Here's one video comparing Czech, Polish and Silesian+Kashubian dialects of Polish
In theory, you could choose to vote or not, but if you chose to not vote, you could be punished
Here is an example:
He was of course right
In 200 years, it will be something different again
Also Austria is getting better.
The words from the second category belong to the Austro-Bavarian dialect group, since they are usually borrowings from Austrian German
For some reason this song was played really often in all the pubs along the slope.
The melody is weirdly melancholic for a song that supposedly celebrates Czech lands
I think it's a useful platform for us to form common positions on issues that we can agree on.
Pičín (Cuntsville)
Dealer (2004)
It's quite a funny coincidence, because the other guy also celebrates their 5 years, and I'll be getting him a photo from my city.
Seriously
somehow knowing what is the day doesn't make my shit anyhow better
Yeah, we have a similar system
the graph is for women, [here] is for men
Im not sure what wont happen but yeah, I like it here too
Okay mr correct
It wasn't until two hundred years later, that Hussite faith was forcefully suppressed by Habsburgs, along with protestantism, as a result of the Thirty Years War.
Sorry, I haven't got time to answer earlier.
**Right-wing** - **ODS** and **TOP 09
Elementary school starts by only having morning classes (approximately 8 - 12), in later grades you start having afternoon classes first once a week and then 2-3 days a week
Austrains complain for us having a nuclear power plant near Czech-austrian border
Rise of NSDAP and Hitler
Well, "in this case" would indicate there are other cases for this word too
Damn, my bad
Volkswagen anyone
Kuře - kuřátko (chicken
The thing is, people hoped that they would be seen as so stupid and backwards compared to the awesome new Democracy®, that there would be no need to even outlaw them - they wouldn't gather any support.
Well we don't want them to flee when things don't go as imagined really
Maybe one of those is the thing you mean :) Fried bread and garlic is what we call topinka but it's not really sold on it's own, it's usually served along meals like beef steak tartare
Also, if I recall correctly, we sent the first ever shipment of foreign military equipment to Israel, way back in the late 40s when everyone else was still mulling over what to do about the Jewish settlements.
Kapání (drops - miniature gnocchi)
Oh yeah, cellars connecting buildings are my favorite
That we are part of Russia
Good portion of the population doesn't partake in the discussion, because they think dill sauce is inedible
Also cheeses
Looks cool, keep it coming :)
I mean, on the other hand, holding us hostage like that is not that nice
Yes
* Do toho se neseru (I'm not shitting my way into this)
Kaufland is refered as "Kaufláč".
Many companies instead of inovations and novelty compete with low expenditure on the market - again, they are not pressured to do otherwise.
My country is not really a good example, since we offer free university education to everybody, regardless of their nationality, but only as long as the courses are in Czech.
The "commitment proven by time" could be established, and it's called permanent residence permit
Horoscops, some cults, mother nature etc etc are really popular.
Nutella is feminine, because Haselnusscreme is feminine
Pistol comes from píšťala, which is what Hussites called their early guns
It can be a part of Africa for all I care.
Hello, I am from Prague which I suppose you'll visit when being in Czechia.
No I always wanted to visit Iceland since I was kid and we learnt that they have heated pavement and wonderful nature
" In lot's of factories there was a lot of obsolete machines - like lathes from 50s.
But is it proven that we are actually capable of doing that
Yeah, I live in Prague and even though the post office is not very far from our house, it's always busy and you usually have to wait there anywhere from 30 min to 2 hours
(in very simple words, there was also other side, called co-op or syndicates, which were not owned by the state but by some collective.
During the refugee crisis, it refused to help at all with taking some of the weight off the border countries like Greece and Italy
Get the Russo brothers in here
But if it comes to choosing just one person
If properly cooked, everything is delicious
Novinky.cz and iDNES are great examples.
we get lost in many countries and mountain ranges, we don't discriminate
I don't think full rent, but part of expenses yes
I think Japan is way more relevant than Brazil
Why should we separate people based how similar they speak or look?
They killed over 150 people and occupied Czechoslovakia for 21 years
We were promised they will take the matter up the ladder
Especially the registration of deactivated firearms is just ridiculous.
Kde domov můj should be either modified to have a better tempo/stronger dynamics or replaced, because currently it is just the definition of sub-average mediocrity
Swans are pretty scary, TBH
If I'm to spend the significant amount of time to learn a new language, it better be worth it.
Austrains complain for us having a nuclear power plant near Czech-austrian border
Well, you kind of should have expected that once you suggested Hungary becoming a slovak sea resort
I am working for one German bank, we already moved more than 100 positions from London back to EU
The proportionality of attack is crucial
A whip
Also, I suspect corporations affected by such a ban would just make a new company to carry on
Lots of workers coming from there and most important is Dacia
Thanks, that's great I'll definitely go see it
We had a list of about a 100 books from which we had to read 20, so I avoided the ones I knew I'd hate
You've outright told us what's in the link, it was even shown in the thumbnail and yet you managed to make us click on it
Children's animated cartoon from Czecho-Slovakia
are your parents from another European country?
> Córdoba
We were taught about something called "obecná čeština" which is in English misleadingly translated as "common Czech" (it's an interdialect spoken in Bohemia)
On the other hand, we mostly trust the relevant state authorities and they trust us gun owners, I wouldnt trust your authorities
Right now I am just finishing up my bachelor's thesis, which I don't need the school for
What else it could be
God forbid equality, inequality is what we go for.
I heard horror stories before and I've seen a whole lot of Hollywood movies where everyone shoots everything, media that report weekly mass shootings / cops gunning down unarmed people and well...
ODS can go choke on a big fat meaty cock for all I care
but the last time you guys built one to keep someone from somewhere, it turned into a tourist attraction...
You either meet the requirements or you dont
I really like how arabic sounds
You have to make some rough rounding up eventually
So it's finally here
Sounds terribly inefficient
I would also add, even if it's not so different, but as interesting thing:
Spending money on laboratories and better equipment alone won't cut it.
Zombie, Zombie, Zombie
Pretty sure I can find this at my parents household or any aunt/grand but if you ask me when I was last time served hardboiled eggs cut by this we have to go to some new year celebration in mid nineties :)
The quality of water depends on area, city, type of buildings etc
Turkish cannons can't melt Theodosian walls!
Yes every czech, moravian etc would be german then
" For friends and family the response is actually similar when I see them in person
The ordinal one, but not the cardinal one which, frankly, is more relevant
Why the fuck does Trump look like a caricature of himself
I had the choice to speak English at work, but I decided to speak only in German, even though my German is worse than my English.
Ok I learn German for almost 8 years now but I like literally hate these long freakin german words
And it shows when you're talking to the people
France has 35 hours instead of 40 and it seems to be working fine
socialism ftw
I don't think anyone really cares if a Slovak speaks his language or tries to speak czech since everyone understands each other anyways
Japan is complicated
Here you go
And that is exactly why in Czechia, you must have a respirator/mask while leaving home and at public transportation, they can actually kick you out if you don't have one
young people are basically against everything
Depends
Here come dat boii
It was a horrid time to be alive overall
use of English pronunciation for Czech language ends up in gibberish but we usually appreciate someone at least trying.
On the other hand you can usually choose the beans from like three kinds or so.
El ministerio del tiempo demonstrated me that there's a huge period of Spanish history I know shit of
a Czech who doesn't like beer
he said “That’s why we don’t have the right to ask why the West is so ahead of us".
Czech will understand what I am trying to prove here
I feel like that's not a stereotype, that's just the truth
Finaly, after 73 FUCKIN years, we are gone from your "slavic brothers" rhetoric
Sure, but an apartment won't have a door handle at the outside
I just don't think it include low mobility like  laird
> On the other hand, we have "buho" and "lechuza" where they only have "owl"
I wish they just cancelled their citizenship altogether rather than taking half measures.
But I’ve been to England only once and I really want to visit other places
* **Sudety:** A general term used for regions inhabited by Germans until the end of WW2
When kids are in the year before high school graduation - so the last year at the school for them
I can hardly tolerate their Slavic looks
By the way - to stay in Florence a week is shortest time only to touch the most important pieces of art.
Terrorism in Europe in the 21st century is pretty much happening because of immigrants and removing the right to carry guns is not the solution.
There are a few Nordsees in Czechia, but I have feeling that they are worse than in Germany
In our last year we did however get to choose about 5 classes which made us prepare for the final exam called Maturita.
we're Czechs, not Czechians, you dork :)
That doesn't seem plausible from the physics perspective, considering the existence of mean gas molecule velocities (for the same reason why guns using gunpowder can't fire projectiles at arbitrary velocity and even at just several km/s, you already have to switch to [pure hydrogen] to accelerate projectiles further)
spoken polish is complete gibberish for me
It's just a little more empty than my rural tesco on the average shopping day
Czech communists created their own interpretation of history, in which the villains have always been Germans or Austrians in some capacity, and at least 2 generations grew up with these narratives
However, not only these rules are non-applicable in English but it sometimes seems like they're exact opposites
Very true
Similar case in Czech history is burnt down villages Lidice and Ležáky
Mostly industrial area here on Ústecko with low unemployment
They've got it wrong but the sources claiming so are credible enough that they are unwilling to change it
I don't believe in politicians, so it is always the lesser evil
Czechoslovakia doesn't exist
The problem with independence (in any country) is that you have no one to blame for your problems after it happens :D ...
The only time I get in trouble is like a heavy scottish/irish accent.
Lovely
Universities usually have Czech and English study, but other schools don't. Maybe some private
Unemployment is lowest in 7 years.
Cars are more visible in traffic mirrors and there's a clear distinction between which car is moving/operating and which isn't. I live in an area with a lot of unclear intersections, some of which use multiple mirrors, and cars with unlit headlights are basically invisible in them up until the last moment due to the terrain etc
it is our popular passtime to complain about it
Also ban everything random
To me they just sound really pleasant
When I go up to the mountain Kleť everyone says "ahoj" ("hey"), except for elderly people and families
You mean sweatpants and worn-out t-shirt
The figure is called Morana or simply Smrt - Death
CSA sucks badly for at least 10 years.
měsíc - both moon and month
Quick question, how does a political viewpoint of a dev change a game so much that you cannot like it
"Šli jsme k horským jezerům a potom lovili ryby
I mean there diffinetelly is
I am pleasantly surprised by my country.
My point was that Czech *upír* or Russian *упырь* are not loanwords from Serbian.
If you're unemployed and not registered as seeking a job, you have to pay some minimal amount (I think around 80€) on your own
People gave up their retirement money/military pay from the state so they can rebuild the nation
Slovak is strong regarding regional pop music and Czechs can easily understand it, that's why.
Do they count forced anal sex as a rape too?
President is voted, from 2013, by "popular vote". President than elects prime minister
Never heard about anyone from commercial.
Is she a sin-eater of some sort
However, I have briefly talked about it with my family and some friends who are not that interested in tech and they mostly said that they do not like it
Yes
Great examples (beside the ones mentioned here already) are words rebel or record
Isn't that an abyss (_propast_)?
Seems Erdo missed that defensive part when he provided Russia casus belli to roflstomp him
And usually reading a summary was enough anyway
The Brits lust for potatoes and I hear Ireland has some.
The badassest job group in the history apart from mercenaries would be voraři - timber rafters, who would steer huge rafts made of tree trunks from lumber camps down the rivers to port cities to further process
Always proud to be a Czech
**UPDATE:** New numbers based on mobile phone usage indicate the overall attendance was about 283,000 people
IIRC, this was during the peak of the Empire, when Ottonian Emperors wielded considerable power over their vassals.
My brain just kept trying to pick up French speech patterns from Czech conversations
"ej more gadžo co ten mocac kolik dás?"
" Our longest word without vowel is "scvrnkls" with eight letters
EU has let it go too far with Hungary already, so nowadays it's already too late to do anything.
I don't like that people today are pushed to have got an opinion on everything so I decided I won't have got any opinion on TTIP.
Some just think they are amazing outdoorsmen while they are just stupid
Add Spanish after work as I learn it, and you will understand why I often sound weird speaking Czech
There's also VŠCHT/University of Chemistry and Technology in Prague for some fields
I can see that we share something in common with countries who used to be in Austria-Hungary + with Germans
While it does look cool, I really dislike this style of enclosed apartment buildings
**UPDATE:** New numbers based on mobile phone usage indicate the overall attendance was about 283,000 people
stolen in the 90s by the then-PM, an autocratic and stealing SoB and gifted to his daughter
Just kinda the other way around
People sometimes go to choir events before Christmas Eve, but that's usually it
, who became a Duke of Austria for a while (but that's more of an interwar thing), and obviously emperor Charles IV
etc
Same here
>including female animals
- Reinhard Heydrich the "Butcher of Prague"
wake up, go downstairs, brush teeth, pack breakfast, throw random assortment of clothes on myself and walk the doggo.
In Czech it's making a camel out of a mosquito, and it doesn't rhyme
Which kinda makes sense to me, since we can vote our president directly (it wasn’t like that), but I’m more fond of the parliamentary democracy that we have rn
Hele čoveče, nemáš žvejku
Saint Nicholas (svatý Mikuláš) visits kids on December 5th, accompanied by an angel and a devil
" at the legions of elderly German tourists rushing in with the water
Isn't Seznam free, though
Except we had less Siberia deportations (mostly Czech prisons instead).
It’s close to perfect
I called Donald Trump an Orangutan with a dead squirrel on his head.
The "main face" in this argument is the mayor of Řeporyje - Pavel Novotný. He even made a memorial for them
>F2p will take over gaming by 2025 no matter what, lootbox ban or not
Dear Americans, if you want to take inspiration of European health system, please get inspired by Norway, Germany, Italy, Romania, Albania
Heck yeah they do
we usualy say that the cat "přede".
In case salary is lower than something it is lower.
Netherlands - everyone smokes weed, it’s flat, full of windmills and tulips, everyone cycles everywhere
The prices of non-alcoholic beverages like juices and sodas are still very high in general when compared to those of beer, but at least you can now order some mineral water for a reasonable price.
see they can't do everything they want
Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia
Gatekeeping coldness like a pro
beat me to it
True, but that lasts only for a time
He can be overridden by the parliament, but since there are often weak coalitions or, right now, a minority cabinet, he plays one party against the other and comes out on top
One, unless you inherit double one, or you decided to switch to double when marrying (unless one of you already have double, in this case it can't be tripled), or you're adopted and want to keep the original one along the adopter's one
If you use it friendly, I would translate it as "dude"
In 2019, there were 105 KFC places, but earlier this year, they opened one near me so might be 106
It doesn´t count work visa issued to Ukrainians by other ways - Blue Card etc.
Insurance could cover it still with a good plan
What
One half of people love it, the other half hate it
Otherwise the fridge just seems more convenient and keeps them fresh for longer
Probably time to vamos a la playa
People watch Pelíšky literally once a year, my guy
It's called studeňák (~a cold one) in Czech
And 1968
Anyway, I've never had problem to have a basic conversation when on vacations in Croatia
What is poorer, or with lower quality of life, Moldova or Transnistria?
Actually, their semester starts a little earlier, so I spent a part of summer and the warm part of autumn there, so it was not all bad, but yeah, I probably could've made a better choice
mah meth
**Basically anyone on the street knows at least 20+ quotes from the plays
New Tesla Gigafactory Looks At Prague, Czech Republic
To be fair, in 2014, a woman ill with schizophrenia entered high school in Czech city of Žďár nad Sázavou and she  stabbed a few students, one of them died
I don't know any other existing "Mléčný bar" in Czechia
I think at least you need to reach B1 to leave high school, but honestly I think lot of people barely reach that and even those who do usually never use it and quickly forget it
Besides, from my point of view American spelling is less fucked up
verb: "hodit se"
Good company, too
30-40% of their kids didn't make it to the age of 18 though...
I don't think we dislike you, we just sometimes like to make fun of your language (But that goes both ways I believe)
First and foremost any question is better than no question.
I'll just mention wild animals, 'cause dogs and cows and people probably are the most dangerous of all
Unfortunately it will probably get rejected in the other chamber of our Parliament
It was to inhibitans of Berounský region and he refered to Bohemia as his ' beloved Czech homeland'. I can link you his letter, but it was written in Czech
Sometimes governments just need to do what has to be done in order to secure the future of their country
O_o
I can't wouch for authenticity of their meals though, since I know very little about proper Mexiacn cuisine.
wait for Czech
Kynuté knedlíky (leavened d.)
* **Outskirts in general:** Urban sprawl of former villages consumed by series of ugly family houses built en masse in the 1990s. People just sleep here in their mortgaged homes, then drive to the centre where they work
There's always these huge news about "ist backlash" when if fact they pull out 3 tweets, one of those is troll and there are like 20 outraged people tops.
It used to house the Czechoslovak trading fleet
Oh yes, seeing people protest for disabilities that don’t even exist is enlightening
Let's refrain from using good or bad
Independence from an oppressive, evil empire
Srbobran/Serbian Defender sounds like a badass name to give to your town
I think there are more people from Kosice living in Prague, than people from Prague
Brno
Deutsche post or something like that
I was more so talking about people's attitudes, who I think would mostly happily exchange Islamist Turks for liberal Turks, not about the attitudes of immigration officers.
Aka throughput vs latency
I don't think many countries in the EU are ready for it yet
&#x200B;
I never really had to buy any alcohol when I was a minor because if I went to a party/celebration and there were drinks, there was always someone older who was legal age or they looked 18 so I don't really have an exprerience with that
It's still disputable how to fight it.
Most numerous refugees/asylum applicants in the Czech republic are Ukrainians, Cubans and Chinese.
cz, parlamentní listy
He just went to a restaurant at night even though he himself closed them the day before
I mostly associate Becherovka with being the drink of choice of our current president, TBH
Russia would not want to fuck with us, because we make the bulk of NATO's force projection and spending.
Idk about the Sudety mate
Brutally murdered Pictish man was a hipster from Starbucks?
Everyone in Egypt wanted a photo with me
Pitty, that we have lost german and we are no longer offically bilingual nation.
Something similiar here in Czechia
We don't really have a specific terminology here, however we do have a specific narrative that these pro-russian websites/trolls use.
Needs *Norway = stolen children*
Some places in France are still poisoned by all the dead bodies in the ground
That's like the most normal thing that happened in Brno in a while
Still we are little worried because our district in Prague have the biggest percentage of the old people
, we use them slightly differently:
Painful to watch, but still interesting
He may look and act like a senile zombie, but he can still do harm
Pick the single WORST issue they could have that instantly antagonises basically entire millenial generation + anyone else with shred of common sense
#/media/File:Karte_B%C3%B6hmen_unter_Ottokar_II.png
-Purn (Low quality shitposts)
I think that's the main reason why there's not much push for cycling paths
Czech leanguage is hard to pronounciation, so when we say Czechia it's not too hard for us
We have also some Celtic names of places
It's boring as hell and not exactly a literary masterpiece either.
Except it was tolerant only in the Austria-Hungary phase and only in the Austrian part of empire
Nuclear powerplants are the only way for now
I think we never learned it in school.
We don't know what the developments in the world economy will be like in the next few years and as an open economy, we're pretty vulnerable to that.
Never heard of it, lol
- figuring out, how to get through a city, while there's a roadwork
The ones in the wider center are mostly infrastructure or wartime objects
LUZ of Prague had 2,522,136 ppl (2014).
So just remember, when someone asks stupid questions, it's legit curiosity and the lack of prior learning.
The same brand of a product can have different amount of ingredients from the same product sold in Germany and sometimes can even cost more.
oooh Hera
also - entitled is not what helicopter parents are, I'd say it means micro-managing
There were 3 in total
There is 80cm of snow
I would say, that more movies reflect the reality of the society we live in.
Yes, if it is mean-spirited or just plainly some ignorant incorrect criticism, I have the tendency to get defensive basically about any CEE country
Tbh, Im fine with war momuments dedicated to soldiers who risked or lost their lives in the war
if you would had a Croatian flair it would make at least some sense
sorry but that is not a definition of a tourist trap
The economic devastation caused by the war forced the country to conclude a customs and monetary union with its other neighbour, Switzerland
I just think that it is very dangerous for country to vote left.
But there was also general Vlasov and Russian Liberation Army, who were fighting on German side (mostly they were captives or people, who disagreed with Stalin's regime), but after fall of Berlin, they also helped in fights against German soldiers
Russia has no right to look this hot
Or Transnistria, or maybe Carpathian Ruthenia
Go to different seller, rinse and repeat until  summer's out
I'd like to see some burger chain better than BK/MCD here
I live in a village where everbody owns their house, or their bank.
5 /r/GirlsMirin
This is not surprising for country, which was under dictatorship for 40 years.
Wow you can read
Well there are people who go through their days drinking 16 beers no problem
je český Karel II
k = toward
Yeah they're asking me in stores aswell
The problem is that these days, I probably consume more English than Czech during day from videos to podcasts, reading stuff
And no, it's not even close to borders
Aluminum is still AL (in czech Hliník)
Fight the thief, make it dramatic and it will be popular in the US.
I wanted to say simpler times, but I forgot HRE.
or vowels in general
The good thing is that EU has a bigger economy.
Also we did hold night watch where you could be tested in your vigilance
It is true that dinner time is super late in the evening (well, at night for me), but people wake up the next day quite early anyway
A hotel fell through the ground in the town square a few decades back because everyone forgot about some medieval cellar for storing beer barrels it was built on
Because Putin can end NATO and regain much of Russia's lost standing within days if he makes a single controlled push against Baltics at the right time with the right amount of force.
It's a typical part of russian mentality.
I love our country, but c'mon
Doritos
. + 1 Click and pick up store
"How are you
subject to human review
Czechoslovakia split into two separate countries in January 1993 - the Czech Republic and Slovakia
And how do you want to solve this issue
I've lived in *India* for a while.
Kytice is collection of poems collected by Karel Jaromír Erben
Even though personally I like Sarajevo the best
It is interesting how USA forgot what was cold war about and who was  their enemy back then
But then, I live in a city of 400k and I don't even know my municipal politicians at all, maybe I just go to the wrong saunas
This is just blatantly incorrect
*Cost similar to that of Switzerland and the US, where salaries are multiple times higher*
It happened during his mandatory service in czechoslovak army in 1968
[Randomly chosen tram stop near my workplace]
Hilki midriikí nisidívij i pitiki, ....
In that time, Czechs were living together with Germans for 7-8 centuries in one country, and languages were getting mixed
They're still salty that we defeated them in our one and only naval battle
Calling our country "Eastern European". It's central European
Why has the global version of christmas has to be that lousy Santa Claus when this exists
The law says that the  defense must not be manifestly *disproportionate* to the attack
We also have a great relations with Israel since their creation after ww2
I think it's a Scandinavian thing
They are the main plotters of terrorist attacks in EU so far.
For example I'm Czech and I would love to see our most prized and unique historical book Codex Gigas, but the Swedes stole it and don't want to return it, so now I have to travel to Sweden to see our national treasure
OK, I'd say
But to be fair, many of us are capable in the outdoors
Slovakia is obviously a land without big villages
Plus the historic centre is also quite nice.
Please, stay safe
I though about this and I see two issues with this
Hungary - Maďarsko
> but they were all sold out or to be sent within "a month or two"
Rusty blue Ford van, with visible place where used to be post logo, can cost few hundred of crowns pre day (less than €40)
We're very popular testing market
So far without any problems, no confirmed case in our hospital
Franklin and Diviš invented it independently two years apart
Chvaletice power plaint chimney 300 meters.
- [Pebble hunt] basically, everytime you go on a trip you can find little pebbles, the pebbles are decorated like a painting
In the USA, it's like tradition or something.
what are they protesting for
my bets would be Ostrava's or hantec.
Too bad it's expensive and not common here
Some were executed or imprisoned, some were killed ehm
Edit: Also, you might be familiar with mapy
Depends how long I am outside
I consider it it faulse logic tho
In some particular circumstances, I can get defensive about countries West of us too
That's kinda sad
muwhehehe
dog meat is pretty expensive and hard to get these times, #fuckeu
Battle of the White Mountain definitely did not start the Thirty Years War since it happened 2 years into the conflict (1620, war started in 1618)
Half of the country (and maybe more) is not fond of the immigration influx and they secretly wish to have similar situation like the eastern states (where the influx was avoided).
Be specific
EDIT: misstype
It does a lot
But I know about only one country called "The Heart of Europe";)
I only get sensitive when people confuse countries east of Germany with Russia.
I thought the same thing as a kid
> When I was in Prague on a school trip we saw a shop with masks, including Hitler
IDK, we should all learn from us and just say fuck it and round up all cents
and a wienerschnitzel (sorry for not giving proper credit)
The solution is to deport every single person who ever came to Europe without a visa and then shut down the borders air-tight, so that even a mouse couldn't sneak in.
That being said, it's official now, so you can use it if you want.
Well, say that K and after that I in english must be difficult for you
We have song ,,Holka modrooká" (Blue-eyed girl) which is first sang in original, then sang again but every vowel is A, then again but with E, then with I, O and U
When someone says England, they mean all of the UK
And yeah, Alfas and especially Lancias are legendary, I think Delta Integrale is one of the best looking cars ever made
What I am saying is that in English saying Czechia makes none
100% agreed
Yeah
Dude would ask me "You doing something fun this weekend
Neither am I proud of it, nor ashamed, it was just for comedy purposes
Germans and Hungarians already had their own German and Hungarian-speaking countries
I understand I'm in a minority, but I find the quite literal obsession with cannabis that some people have unhealthy and quite honestly pathetic (for the record, same goes for all drugs)
(end of ww2)
Give me a bratwurst or something else
Cunttown, it sounds bettter
Battle for france was almost 7 weeks, not 5
EDIT: Another example for specifically Austro-Bavarian word, but this time fully domesticated and entered literary language: žemle from Semmel
But if I studied "učiliště" (for practical teaching of trades, only 3 years, you don't do maturita and don't get highschool diploma, only "výuční list" and you can't go to uni with that), I'd end it at 17
Hardly anyone cared about their economy back then.
No, not really
A lot of users with no history of posting on /r/Europe before are trying to push their agenda
Maybe it's because i don't know much about other countries, but i choose my country
\*looks outside\*
Seznamzpravy leads some pretty interesting investigative journalism
I would like to learn at least few more
and funny
Brno is probably the biggest village in the world
Well, they will understand "cucumber time" but probably slightly different
partially for domestic policy reasons, as described by Mr.
I knew *četnictvo* existed, but I wasn't sure what was its job, because I wasn't born yet, when it existed
That could be also understood as "victims".
Buying is fairly easy via gun shop or e-shop - but you ALWAYS need a gun license, you cannot have a gun without it
My ass hurt for next few days
He was hero of Austrian empire for sure, of Austria of that day
we like to see progress in Romania
I am commenting to correct a mistake I made
Ah shit, here we go again
(source)]
Bye Austria
Carlsbad ("Karlovy Vary" in Czech)
This mostly can't be said about WE politicians - it's not even that they want to go against us all the time, but they just don't have any deeper knowledge about this region, they don't understand our problems/motivations/goals/mentality.
you can fail to visit Estonia easily 5 more times
Yes, I do know hes not Czech, but thats kinda irrelevant
It really took me a long time to come to terms with some non-English surnames being pronounced the English way (esp
I too love this book
Most of celebrations take their place on the 24th (*Štedrý den* / Generous Day).
This isn’t exactly a long term problem, rather a short episode - diplomatic incident
and he should have been recognized immediately after war
Anyone who claims that Slovenia and CZ are more similar to Russia and Ukraine rather than they are to Austria and Eastern Germany they are our of their mind
Like Lord of War
If you push through a solution that some countries clearly don't agree to, then you can't be surprised when those countries are not exactly working their ass off on implementing the solution.
In Czech we have this awesome translation od Simpsons joke, where Homer sees a sign 'Die' and freaks out and than a tree bends and shows the whole sign 'Diet' and he freaks out even more
I for one like Czechia, it's simple and less mouthful to use in day to day conversation than Czech Republic.
How is it seen in your country
I don't think I ever realized, but you are right
Your comment was about cultural heritage and art is the one of the most important parts of it.
What about HOGWARTS
That's actually quite surprising to me that you first realized that there are other currencies here in Czechia and not in your neighbouring country Sweden
Small town little bit further, deeper in the national park and mountains near the border where my grandma lives - little snow for several days twice
And it's not going to affect large tech companies, because they can afford to either setup filters or fight the law in court, but will hinder small companies who can't do either of that
It's like two high guys adding funny voices to muted tv show.
Tbh v Praze je kalamita když spadne 1 vločka
The stereotype is true after all
He wanted transform the Empire not destroy.
I am pretty sure you will not be able to tell
Our teacher was women so she pushed more emotional point of view on war
and rail network size
So is there any way for a non-native speaker to be able to tell when it's meant as a time adverb and when it's just a modal particle?
He later lived luxurious life from money he filched away, but died in age 45 due to an exotic disease
Sounds pretty dope
:-)
Yelling at everyone that he'll do it if they come any closer, while standing there for hours on end.
There's sort of love/hate thing for Becherovka here, afaik
I worked a 5 x 8 week for like three months some 3 years ago and I hated it
Upboat for Zaz, saw her in December
There have been many smaller changes, but I'll go over the major ones
If anything Eastern Czechia or Upper Hungary as poster above suggested
I haven't seen any in Czechia
Respect from Czech Republic
Nazi Germany held elections, communist countries in Eastern Europe held elections, Venezuela or North Korea hold elections.
hey, thanks
Should we invite some swedes over to help prevent that ?
There's no hidden meaning behind it.
if you are not living in your own, standalone house, your mailbox is most probably not accessible directly from the street here.
If she invites someone when she's older idk
I always wonder why you stole the anthem of Austria-Hungary instead of composing your own...
Population density definitely has to be taken into account, most countries can't have train connections to every village like Germany, but HSR connecting the largest cities
SCS has a really nice HQ in Prague
I don't wanna go full patriot here, don't get me wrong, but the Bohemian flag wasn't copied from Poland
Personally I wouldn't go there
Before creation of Czechoslovakia, Czechia and Slovakia were at wastly different development stage.
Such a beautiful piece of architecture
But I know WAAYYY more people that don't smoke
These are [Czech exonyms]
They said couple of sentences in Czech about talking the photo before turning to us and asking us in English if we don't mind them joining us
And I agree with this
We have thrown people out of a window as a political statement
No way would our crooked bastards risk getting sent to jail by a higher authority.
:-) It is quite interesting to see that we have pretty much the same culture - they are also celebrating "Maibaum" (májka), "Hexennacht" (čarodějnice), St
I would never do a job where it would be my responsibility to get a phone/laptop/certifications/whatever
Love that guy
Basically I did same job as I did in Europe but in different time zone.
Ano sounds way too formal for ordinary people to use in a casual conversation
Though of course I realize that it is completely unrealistic.
He was one of the most iconic people on the internet, and reddit is an internet site
<-8/-5c freezing
Despite all the hate they get, I really like Poland's current government
Yeah, the old chroniclers had to take the names from somewhere and since Poland was the closest independend slavic country, it could explain the names
Definitely a secretary, Jana, 22 yrs if you know what I mean
We call the French ones "normal" or "standard" (didn't even know they are French)
There is also no guarantee that we would not end up behind the Curtain
But the best are [Prague mouflons]
Here in Prague the unemployment is sitting at 2% for quite some time so you wouldnt have problems finding a position.
I am way more extroverted and confident in English and I also feel like my social skills are better
Well, I am a Sudeten German and I still live here
Ive heard it talked about a lot and I spent a bit of time in Finnish Lapland
We get along reasonably well with all our neighbours and aren't so culturally different
We picked up the German demand needs for you
Many of the "green" countries are buying big portion of electricity consumption from other not so green states
I would more or less agree with that definition.
Plus some obligatory stuff like pyramids
Hitler killed gypsies and gays too.
Wolves also do not attack humans, but are a bit more problematic because shepherds have to change their ways to protect sheep
Of course you're going to be exposed to both cultures and preceive them as one when one of your parents is a Slovak
B which requires a cheap shall-issue permit (required by the EU)
There is a big confusion in that in our language
Loved to read that books
The important difference here is that the spies in France, the UK or US did not actively partake in a coup d'etat that establish a 40 year long totalitarian regime
And secondly, putting your country's interests first, no matter what it means for others, is just overall harmful in the big picture
Do you have anyone backing this up or evidence?
Well there are people who go through their days drinking 16 beers no problem
Pepsi nebo coca-colu seženeš všude, kofola je klasika
Exactly the reason why that idea was criticized, it doesn't make sense in a parliamentary system
So now it's objectively true that "CNN is fake news"?
I realize that the German and Hungarian minorities living Czechoslovakia were less excited about it, but they had more rights and freedoms ensured than what Czechs and Slovaks had in A-H for most of its history
There are several comics where [Poland tries to impersonate them] or where [their same appearence is the punchline] To distinguish them, Indonesia sometimes wears conical hat or songkok.
Could you get away with Džon or Džesika, though
I don't get Czechs who are proud about this
"Democracy is fine until it serves what I want" says everyone
How much would she be getting back?
And possibly minus WW2, minus Aussiedlung, minus communism,...
the word shower to you
The second one wasn't a horrible cook and she took the "no corn or pineapple on pizza" thing very seriously, but she liked it with french fries on it
In Czechia, Moneta Money Bank ATMs ask for additional 7 EUR, ČS ATMs asks for 5 EUR, on Rhode, the Pireus Bank ATM asked for 3 EUR and so on
Families didnt have any buypower to buy machines, so they they got "bio-robots".
I know that they exist, but that doesn't mean that it's just weird
rightholders should be without prejudice to the application of exceptions or limitations to
That's the problem, I find them all pretty incapable.
If you would cycle for only 10-15 minutes, it would not be that exhausting
Thank god
Yeah, its pretty common
I absolutely hate the high
One word to rule them all, one word to find them, one word to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them
Some of those we use in our Czechisied German words too
It’s more like historical experience
What the fuck
I actually consider judging people, who are eating alone, weird and stupid
Overall I like that the beginner grammar is incredibly easy, which means the language is very easy to pick up and converse in
All we should care about right now is that Israel is a progressive Democratic state, while the rest of the region is full of totalitarian shitholes, who also happen to support terrorist attacks against our citizens.
The smell of dill always brings back my childhood memories
That depends heavily on the kind of job you do
Some Moravian and Silesian dialects keep i/í and y/ý distinct from each other
*"while waiting to escape to Argentina, where many other Nazis had already found safe refuge.
Some people here say the sun comes out at 3-4am in summer
honestly misha man like, is that even considered music
I always thought it's from I'm going to secretly pull it out from under the desk/papers/pencilcase
If necessary, a megathread regarding Brexit and "brefugees" would be imho better and more useful.
However I think that European identity is not as strong as American identity, so not sure if we can ever have a true federation - even now, there are bigger countries who have a tendency to just take over and try to bully smaller countries into agreeing with whatever they decided
For example, have you ever been to Hessen
Apple doesn't need to win in sales; it still [takes about 90% of profits in the smartphone market] Nokia could have done the same: release a small number of high-end flagships to grab profits and a few entry-level phones for the masses (at the time when Android on low-end phones was utter shit, people would have flocked to buy Nokia hardware)
But the most important reason why Olomouc is that it would insult Šalina riders
I think it's mostly around 25-30
A good president can inspire the people to become better themselves, while a bad president awakens the worst impulses in them
Don't-know(i) what will(i) write, nor don't-know(i), if it doing(i) right, but is it kinda fun
In the general Western European consciousness, an entire half of the continent just somehow sprung into existence in the 1930s, completely out of the blue
Price is an important factor for me
This particular fund is not based in here, it is the MSCI North America.
The biggest difference is between Czech language and Moravian language, but you can still understand what that talk about
googled pictures, I was expecting more swedish meatballs shape
Private health insurance probably means that the public one is not that good
Terrible, best Anthem have Russia
look man, every country has bad neighborhoods, I'm sure yours does too.
Austrians were always an annoying bunch.
Also ban lottery
Jo, mimochodem nechcete ho zpátky
I definitely agree my experience is anecdotal
This particular one is the independence from A-H.
Uff, sorry, I confused you guys with Předlice
It's okay mate, we all make mistakes
defenestration is pretty popular
Cons: Parts of Alpes gone
I have some too
For both cases, you can like a song straight away or it can grow on you (or, for completeness, you aren't gonna like it)
16°C)
Don't buy new plastic bags, use the ones you already have
" meaning roughly "Oh, really
This happens to foreign surnames as well, so you may spot names like *Clintonová*, *Streisandová*, *Williamsová* in Czech newspapers
I mean most of them were probbably regular citizens
As it's pretty international, there are always at least five different layouts to switch to, presumably installed by angry Greeks/Romanians/Austrians/whoever who just couldn't deal with that stuff
The way you worded your comment made it sound like there was more.
(with some exceptions, I still have a feeling English is useless in Hungary and you need German there)
What are you on about, how were the Austrians any better with the forced recatholicization and Germanisation of Czechs.
It reminds me of all those long summer evenings around bonfire, roasting sausages and singing
Tell that to the US, who think that one constitution is good forever, and doesn't even really need updating
They might have more guns, but we got more swords.
This reminds me of Ukrainian friend
But, take for example Russia or Mexiko and you will realize that the US is not bad either.
Moravians
Prague
And the little stand-alone units are just shit and still expensive
My ancestors also encountered the Swedes in the Thirty Year's War (you know, an *actual* religious war), as they burned and pillaged their way across central Europe.
And example by pornhub: Horní Police ~ upper shelf in czech x horny police
The Munich treaty - It allowed for later German occupation, which led to demise of many people capable and willing to resist undemocratic regime, which together with disappointment in behaviour of UK and France significantly eased the communist take over
No, you can't enter building and the flat without key anyway so there isn't any risk someone will randomly walk in
I applaud your knowledge of the term "hladinka". You made this Czech happy
Supreme Court (the first one of the two mentioned) consists of two *collegia*: Criminal *collegium* and Civil *collegium*. Normal cases only being heard in a *senate* of three
Almost for every at least little popular show.
Surprised to see no gray in the Czech bar, with all the Hare Krishna people in prague
you have a Czech flag
So it's, "put a finger through a neck". Very basic to us but a nightmare to look at
Štýrský Hradec, Vídeň, Solnohrad
In CZ there is a party called pirates
But mostly it entails a few day trip with couple of friends during which you raft on our beginner-friendly rivers, you always have a big box of cans of beer with you so you drink the whole time while you're rafting.
**Liberal parties** - **Pirate Party** and **STAN**. These are liberal parties, Pirates being by far the most socially progressive party
I'm pretty sure labs are not paid by FIFA
(2) The Czech Republic shall observe its obligations resulting from international law
The children must pass a specialist examination if the parents want them to enter school earlier or later
Gay marriage should be **legal** across the EU
Poles don't have this advantage
But hot spot is Slovakia, Germany, Russia, Czech Republic and Probably UK and USA
Guides told us to be aware when around them as they either trick you into actually giving them money or they pickpocket you.
*Mít se jako pánbůh ve Frankrajchu* (have youself like lord the god in Frankreich) - like a pig in the rye, live in luxury
My Russian wife is in team kvas, so there am I.
He didn't say, that he lives in Prague
You either meet the requirements or you dont
Not sure if kids do these days
Worse, it is likely that new consumer technology will be built on the existing platforms (think VR/AR, AI), and Europe again will play sidekick here
As for the February coup, [Moscow directly airlifted NKVD agents to help with the coup on February 15th, 1948
Organized middlemen from their own communities talk with the families and press them to move and abuse the system, promising them to arrange the travel and help them dealing with authorities in targeted country.
I hope we get towards 1,75-1,8 soon
I remember border controls stopped being a thing when I was a kid.
With Máj?? So I wrote it for him in the most simple way I could but still with the basics of analysis from our highschool teacher and he still got 5 because it was not enough and wrong
There should be a statue of that man
I even saw new road being built paralell to the terrible Chinese one in Ethiopia
I was surprised, that the original Bulgars were not of slavic but of turkic origin.
* Karel IV (Charles the 4th)
It's ugly, but it's not hiding it behind a fake mask like some other cities
I've heard it from a plenty of older people
I have a feeling that 20 years ago more girls in their 20s went topless than now; now it feels like a domain of middle-aged women
okruzhnist (geometry) is kružnice in Czech
In fact, I think that gathering information about race is illegal in most European countries
you can read up on what is what and what to omit.
Trump bashing is relevant on every subreddit.
Spain
Isn't it rather HRE, than Kingdom of Germany?
Occasional punishments were also dealt and then we've had gone after our duties
See above about the better PR team.
I've heard that in Rovaniemi (Finland) or on the North Pole, but he was never bringing me presents
> Czechoslovakia was called awful and ridiculous
English
Džon mejd his vej tu ("a" doesn't have a sound in CZ withnout using special phonetic marks, which I don't know) tavern thrů d dark foryst, ounly tu fajnd aut dat hí forgot d many
It takes a huge chunk of your income
Well, since I got my accent from watching British and American movies and TV shows combined with Czech, I'm technically drowning in Atlantic ocean when I'm speaking, but besides of that, I like mine
Furthermore, there is more to Japanese cuisine than ramen and sushi
well, a toaster)
Is this where the name from Legolas and Laura comes from
This close to Russia
We have an ongoing argument here (sort of) about whether "Vlasovci" (the soldiers around Vlasov) were Nazis or not
And there is also a smaller part ready to act on this (I'm talking about the post-Brexit attacks on Polish people).
There are so many dumb and dangerous people spreading misinformation around
We use "That's a Spanish village to me".
I have english set as my system language so wikipedia defaults to english also
almost everybody
I like this
If it is hide and seek quote than it is "Před pikolou za pikolou nesmí nikdo stát, nebo nebudu hrát. Už jdu
They made a throne for Satan in the cellar, too
Stejk
Of course there are not only Salafist, but they are not the only one very dangerous Islam revival group.
In the long run, weaker Georgia means higher chance to absorb Georgia back to some kind of Soviet Union (without Soviets this time)
Both have close to 100 judges
I vudnt vrajt it difrentli et ol
* a handegg is roughly 4237 cm³ [(source)]
Unless they work in an IT engineer/developer position, in that case they're getting paid twice as much as any other 25 year old, but in general the average "fresh out of college" salary isn't much more than 20k CZK after taxes and rents in Prague and Brno are climbing towards 20k a month for a one bedroom flat in decent areas, soo
I feel the same about Germans
Anytime I go to some countries having fresh seafood, I get it, cause I live in landlocked country and good seafood here is expensive and rare :)
It celebrates beauty of our nature
), he left one of the highest death tolls in the world and the economy is in ruins
Thanks
No, we say "mail", so "gmail" would just make it longer
In Czech is Rhino- "Nosorožec" so same as in Dutch -> Nose horn
The weight distribution is more important.
Their German is the most understandable
I have to drive past a landfill each morning I drive to work, prefer to drive a bit of a longer way home to miss it as its an eyesore and it stinks so cant thave the window down in the summer
And the ending of uni is different, depends on the program
We threw a bunch of guys out of a window, because we didn't like the church and started the Hussite wars, in which we were able to defeat 5 crusades the pope sent against us
It doesn't get simpler using czech, Lithuania is Litva and Latvia is Lotyšsko
You can either keep them, or you can leave them on a different place, or post on facebook
It just looks like a regular old panelák.
We do have snow, but it's laughably small amount
Basically the TLDR version of the positions of Czech representatives:
Towns and cities now can prohibit this kind of business, but it just move it elsewhere
* Something non-IE, either Arabic or Turkish, just for fun
Stunning and brave
Yes, but I am merely saying Romania has not faced an attack by Russia or terrorists *yet*.
On mobile but do I understand correctly that the second book influenced the colonial rulers or the Dutch government significantly for the better?
Romans were very good at assimilating
Once you make it into adulthood you could live a long life
This has nothing to do with multi speed Europe.
Okay I've found this [picture] That should be used in the collage.
It'd take a fucking trip to the ISS to convince him that the Earth is round.
Eating from the same plate with one spoon and also sterling the bride
>a dutch friend told me the national dish was fucking smashed potatoes with vegetables in it and a bit of salt
> Who voted which way was not officially recorded
> Doing small things 'here and there' and fucking, do not necessarily have to mutually exclusive for her
They reduce potential productivity, increase costs, lower reliablity and block flexibility when you think about it in general.
*TV documentary*
Dubček was inept as a politician
The last law about my postgrad education even originally had a clause about limiting my movement, so I'm at the point where only rational answer is a middle finger.
Maybe in regions near the border
In Czech, fat is *tlustý* and it's also a common surname
She is insane, madly in love and does anything LF tells her to do.
The camera had evidence of robbers face but it also had partial view on square which is public space
No, you have started it
Prague
Unless you managed to quickly contain it by raising land around the leak
Ah, ok, that clears it up
Yeah, I was fascinated to see that people even had it on their luggage and pillows on a plane
Yes, most people I know (middle class) use only around 14-20 vacation days for travel.
Make Andrej Babiš Slovak again
Only been to one of them
My guess is 70 - 30 for glassses.
Oh yeah, we have these paradigms too
That's the type I was saying I'm not certain will bring me any real pension as there won't be as many people when I'm old to pay for me
Nosit dříví do lesa (take wood into the forest) - do something that is completely unnecessary
But you cannot deny a citizenship
OP is Polish, so he probably has a pretty good idea of what Central Europeans think.
Pretty common
Every once in a while construction has to be halted in nearby villages because they uncover a few medival coins and pottery shards - in the ground or in old walls
This question is often asked in this subredit, so I compiled some of my answers together:
Norodom Sihamoni, the current King of Cambodia, spent most of his childhood and youth in Prague, where he studied music and classical dance
Hrochův Týnec (hippo's town - not sure how to translate Týnec),
You can always say excatly when you crossed the border because of them
It still a thing
Isn't The Independent currently even worse?
this is scary af :(
Great timing too, because Poland is growing crazy fast relative to the rest of Europe.
Easy, hold my beer (literally)
But I agree with those dead Germans
Maybe not much land for conquistadors and strong tribes.
I would not be happy being with him in the tram
AFAIK, employers simply want capable people, who can learn and solve problems
Sorry, never seen this in our country.
We also have panorama view of mapy
Also Olomouc was the main center of Moravia for most of history, it is seat of second archbishop after all
Yeah, I was fascinated to see that people even had it on their luggage and pillows on a plane
Combination of these two make it stand out in /r/europe, compared to other european celebrities, which are not so big on the internet
Jeez, would this meme about us being some gun-loving nation just go away
I think it was originally taken in CzR because I saw it like more than a year ago on the Czech internet
I'm sorry, what the fuck
Yep, keep telling that to yourself
yes, I am not really into changing wallpapers :)
Czechs and Slovaks had no other country to move to
But yeah, it is one of our most defining culinary pieces, whether we like it or not
The couple can both keep their original surnames
A village nearby has been waiting for a highway for 20 years
Austria - Rakousko
Yes, but only on dividends
dude wtf` otherwise the reddit Markdown will renumber it
Yes, he killed some commies, but rather have them dead than a German civil war
crickets
I would assume that that person is a nationalist
and a super expensive highway vignette
Trump, Brexit, preventing Ukraine and Georgia from joining NATO, luring NATO nations away, turning Turkey against the West, keeping Assad afloat, rise of populism, and focus on negativity of migrant crisis.
How is the difference so fucking huge
Sorbian - 70 %, again, I need to hear it slow and carefully pronounced so I can pick the words apart, but usually I get the meaning of the sentence somewhat
* cars kill 25k people directly and 400k people indirectly from pollution every year in the EU
I live in Prague and in my apartment building we used to celebrate it when here lived kids
8 % in Germany, it's not really such a huge difference
Yes, you'll always see 1 maybe 2, but the big majority are not
Wouldn't like to commute by it though
It’s just like the cities I used to read about in Verne novels
I mean, I understand that you don't personally feel any emotional connection to the EU, I myself tend to look at the EU in a rather pragmatic way as well, but that doesn't prevent me from understanding that other people might look at it differently.
btw, since you're Polish, let me compliment your nation's cinematography on movie Sexmisja
It's ok
In my country there is almost everyone Atheist
In the past, Vltava (the river flowing through the city) used to freeze and people played hockey on it
Never consider
Or else there will be winter war II
I love Finland but in country where everything used to be made of wood, not much can withstand
The only real interactions between Czechs and Slovak before were limited attempts to spread religion, so much so that there was a push to make Czechs to be the cultural model for Slavs living in Northern Hungary
Oh dear, no one can beat the Matfyz guys when it comes to computers.
[votewatch
[Here's one video comparing Czech, Polish and Silesian+Kashubian dialects of Polish
Dunno about silesia but I'm Moravian and pretty sure people here would be lol
Museum Of Fine Arts in Algiers
Also Honor makes more sense now because Rex is king
Also two of my classmates in high shool found their former classmates on pornhub, just a fun fact
My point is that moral dilemma's should in no way be applied to discussions of any kind of AI.
A little better was in US
But the chances of that are basically zero, since tens of thousands of top Greeks would be sent to Brussels in handcuffs.
Subscribing to every possible conspiracy theory and having one or two of them turn out to be right doesn't make you a prophet.
a native English speaker tells you: *Czech is correct*
The weird thing is that the tunnels are barricaded from all sides, meaning they can't be using them for city travel
) where he said they go to a range on average twice a year, it was a while ago
Relations between USA and EU will stay strong, they are just going to be adjusted and rationalised.
I don't know about food in general, but your beans (e.g. Heinz baked beans) are insanely cheap
I also didn't state that it was some kind of super long friendship
As we speak I am contacting my secret network of volunteers across the Czech Republic and we're getting ready to make our region even better so you better prepare for the storm, maggot
For example my grandpa back in the days was a penpal with a Polish guy (they were both collectors)
If you want to complain about anyone, it is the national governments that are not spending the interest on the taxpayer, don't be mad at the ECB.
The problem is the lack of high-speed railways here.
The proportionality of attack is crucial
And that's why all citizens should be allowed to own guns for self-protection.
You can guess why looking back at our history haha
At this point, you could be already considered a regular and most likely you won't get past this stage
My old calc did this
You have better ask him, when US will return Florida to  Seminole nation
At work: "Prosím, (my family name)
Except most countries have the right of assembly in their constitution
There are signs in public places that remind people to “watch their belongings”:
"Córdoba, lejana y sola" by Lorca
My dream is to visit every European country atleast once.
This means that gay couples can't adopt a child as a couple, since only married couples can adopt a child as a couple here.
Rome
He was administered the last rites by Austrian bishop Alois Hudal, one of the main churchmen involved in rescuing Nazis from Allied justice"*
Not to mention the perks of living off of German food and Polish booze for a week
Does anyone really believe these numbers?
He’s supposed to be a representative figure
In the East, corruption is often seen as part of the business as usual
It's not that bad, but of course I'd like to move away eventually
Hell Gott died today and Ive already heard jokes about it
They have the same rights as the locals.
We had pretty good food in school
Exactly, if I had a crown each time I said "za tohle jsem klíčema nezvonil tyvole" I could get a meal in a cheaper restaurant
And just like that, Brexit does not look that absurd anymore
After watching The Apocalypse I no longer think so
Candle and spark plug = svíčka
+ Basically all old fairy tales
It’s all based on corruption, buying state businesses for fraction of their value, building an empire big enough to crush or assimilate any competitor
Much like the people in Katyn just all decided to end their life coincidentally in the same place and at the same time because of depression
* DE: Danke
You can make your own fried cheese, it's basically a schnitzel where there is cheese inside instead of meat.
I remember when they apparently told themselves "Gotta hit the winter where she doesn't expect it
Hertz Hungary has this in their terms:
Other than that, no
or was it fueled by nationalists when Yugoslavia was dissolving?
There ARE labor shortages in some EU countries and occupations.
Everything is Kalousek's fault
I'd say it takes about two to four months usually.
Ok in terms of democracy
What people like you repeatedly fail to understand is that the "Eastern Europe" definiton most (ignorant) people use was defined by the Iron Curtain and extremely oppressive treatment from the Soviet Union
(we still love you, your beloved ČVUT)
Sorry for stealing all your water to wash our museum
Even immediately after the end of WW1, as new countries were being created and competed for land and autonomy
It's a joke
That is seriously fucked up story
After a while of chatting we then found out she is Slovak, so we switched to our native languages, it was a funny little encounter
It feels like a train that no one can stop because they're doing it while dismissing any expert voice that has warned them of the consequences, including the IMF.
According to [this] Estonia should indeed be covered by a single NUTS 2 region, but why Latvia and Lithuania aren't separated into two like Slovenia is beyond me, since NUTS2 usually have slightly above 1m inhabitants.
Dating is probably better in a big city than a small town.
I suspect lots and lots of people
But I still hear people say "skype" (skypovat) for video calls in general, even though Skype isn't really popular anymore, right
) for the first time
Literal translations, phrases that didn't make any sense (for example if someone was described as "bear of man", she made him "medvěd muže" WTF
it's visible from one of the checkpoints during certain seasons.
In Czech Republic there also [tramps] \- loosely connected to scouting - they were called wild scouts and I've read that they are scout punks
(stupid while drunk, obviously)
I have almost gotten hit 3 times while crossing the street because cyclists didn't yield for me when crossing, and mind you this was after I checked both ways 5 times since I have seen people crossing before me also nearly get hit
Thieves are masterful to the utmost here: therefore, should your vigilance drop a tiniest bit, they will snatch your sandals right off your feet
Večerní máj – byl lásky čas
But even in my wildest dreams, I wouldn't have thought it would be 10+ times as much
In Prague they now threaten to Prague's magistrate with "[harm]
Ahh, not knowing this I originally thought that grenades are preferred because they have more "style" compared to regular guns.
" at the legions of elderly German tourists rushing in with the water
Why do Americans have only these types of cars?
> Wasnt the assassination some kind of insidejob, too
Nothing crazy but it made my day
Singles chart: [Yzomandias ft
My personal is that the subway got stuck in the tunnel
Have you ever tried it
I love Japanese curry and okonomiyaki and those two I cannot get in Czech Republic, unless I make them myself
If you want to use only one use děkuji
Maybe thats why we are the most atheist country in the world (by some estimates)
The PM has the true power
It literally means "Religious Cricket" (or also Religious Mantis, but that's lame)
Interesting, but this will result in a lot of children in NEED
This is how you create single-issue voters and if there are gonna be other countries triggering referendums, they literally could not shoot themselves in the dick any more
> Dressing up isn't part of that holiday
All you need is few eurosceptic leading figures which will influence public discourse towards negative aspects of Euro
There are no meanings for the letters
But then again, new shiny trucks are beautiful and who doesn't love a bit of fiscally stupid amortization rush
Sooo, the fight still goes on
I quickly searched for the Millennium Falcon
Smog doesn't bother me much, but I guess I'll see myself
Don't you have enough wonderful old towns in Italy
Y back then) has better command of the language that his generation
Yeah, I meant Savonlinna, sorry :) We dont have any naval fortress in Czechia
Ha, good point
For instance, here in the Czech Republic people use [mapy
Or we will all be dead soon
I'm moving there in two weeks
When you are driving in CZ your lights have to be on all the time (during the day, during the summer, etc)
I see, do you have any particular pronouns in mind
Oh, sorry for being oblivious then.
The OGs of „It’s not true but it could be”
The name is strange, because according to one old Czech folk tale, there were 2 brothers, who led Czechs in Czechia, Czech and Lech
I fail to gasp how can Brits put up with all the shit their government does.
and now the Czech currency has skyrocketed compared to the Euro
did he
When I was really small I remember watching Married with Children, dubbed obviously, and I still remember it was Peggy saying something and finishing it with wether he doesn't understand English or something like that (probably another of their fights)
companies started to realise recently, that it's worth to develop research and inovation centers here.
I'm pretty sure almost all are American football too
\+10% ~~War~~ Pandemic Support
Some countries (Norway, Denmark...) have already made it much harder to cheat them.
I hate almost everything seafood
it doesn't matter at all, he is buying elders slash rurals and they are going to stay loyal to him no matter what because Czech retirees care only about their welfare checks, migrants and nothing else - rurals are very similar in this regard
I think we have 2 or 3 here in the 70k city.
how about mitfára /copilot/? :)
"Unmasked Islamist was Porn Actor"
Wish we could do more for you
* Canterbury tales: a bit more of unknown words
Hornets, vipers, there are few bears in the mountains, but that's about it
This decision was meant to be formality based on agreement in parliament
Once I saw a car with a Californian number plate
Aww man
I meant czech social media or comment sections under czech articles
We just don't recognise it or write it in any way.
If I am correct our passive radars were used to shot down your stealth F177 during Serbia war
Gurlitt family they're called I believe)
East Germans were our friends, if course, but we all had to be on the lookout for any attempts at revenge from the imperialist West Germans
Tbh v Praze je kalamita když spadne 1 vločka
Hey, I have a question about your religion classes
Someone was having conversation in the back and said loudly "Fakt
It's just being sold in touristy places and tourists love to make photos with it and upload it on Instagram
This is current motto of the Czech republic: [
However otherwise it is unusual to have HQs of state institutions outside of Prague
>What are the most popular foods in Czechia
I doubt that they would add /s after it though.
Well it was snowing in Prague yesterday
For me, a fan is enough, although I hate the noise during the night
Cigarettes, sunglasses, tatranka wafers and a swiss knife with bottle opener
My interactions with arabs and turks are very limited, since there aren't a whole lot of them (especiall arabs), but turks tend to be great.
I planned on going there (the Alta Via 2 trail, around 150km and approx
> qwant is the best engine right now
Have you got any sources that deny this claim?
You mean "jejichejma žufánek
Yes, but Avast has recently bought AVG, so they merged into one company.
Most regular Joes stick to gypsy, at least in CZ.
So no go zones are not problem because you are used to them?
Wow, look at all those colors
Not too far from Kyiv, so I've actually came two or three times
Everyone knows it, BUT many people ignore the facts.
Misspelling of cigarette brand names
Well, this year there were only two days with temperatures above 25 °C so far here, and that's quite below average
Děkuji is more formal than děkuju
Před pikolou za pikolou nikdo nesmí stát nebo nebudu hrát.
Many people also often write it as "email" but that's enamel, the hyphen is important
France (and the rest of Europe) won't get better by electing Macron
Did anyone say anything about guns being as easy to buy as in the US
The asian and jewish part is what surprises me
The word "host".
Just "boo, EU scary, butr Russia will save you" crap
Yeah, you were almost right about the meaning, the literal translation would be "And it is!", but the actual meaning basically is "And it's done!" It's basically something you can say after you succesfully completed any sort of task.
Unless you want another civil war, IRA and other stuff, there can't be a border
We can all work together, no matter the background.
If there's a table dedicated to the pub regulars and you're not one, you don't sit there even if it's empty
I live in a city so basically pigeons and other birds, some runaway cats and once I have seen a dead rat in a park beside my home.
Why though
I consider myself a federalist for sure and I couldn't despise nationalism more
Taras Shevchenko, the most prominent nazi since 1840
You want to be the citizen, you need to speak the language, period
We even have a word for that - the Munich syndrome - it was basically a big national trauma, because it wasn't just an ordinary betrayal.
Knowing Russians, they are too prideful to do that.
That's the mother of all rickrolls
Well I'm fine with using nuclear power too, that's already much better
Rightists dislike muslims, therefore leftists are compelled to like them.
BTW how big is the difference between ś and š?
One, unless you inherit double one, or you decided to switch to double when marrying (unless one of you already have double, in this case it can't be tripled), or you're adopted and want to keep the original one along the adopter's one
Fun fact:The only army of the Warsaw Pact that didn't invade was GDR's because they were worried that it may remind people German's occupation from 1939
50ml of beer with the 1/10 of a bottle deposit
Sorry, I have accidentally mistaken your flag for the Hungarian one.
In the past, Vltava (the river flowing through the city) used to freeze and people played hockey on it
Just my two cents
Im pretty sure states like Vermont would give most people trouble
We are Russia 2.0 because of Trump.
You Aren’t right at all
There was nothing bad, flawed or evil about them that couldn't be said about any other combatant in WW1, they were normal people with healthy values and society.
We allow tabaco and alcohol which are way worse
Well, the first thing that comes to mind are Husitte wars, but I'd say, that Czech National Revival is more important, because for few hundred years, only peasants were talking Czech-ish and this event changed everything
55 million and it's fast growing, although surpassing 1
I think Belarus faces the same problem, that being having a border with Russia, and is very likely to end up in exactly the same situation
Ireland: Sleeping in a haunted hunting lodge
Ah, nice, thanks for great explanation
In 1934 Hitler couldn't really force a Czechoslovak citizen to do anything
You can, it's called allowing citizens to carry guns
Since it's derived from latin coin it makes sense that the term would spread from west to east and considering our extensive germanization, dropping groš is nothing unusual.
(And when you say, that you are from Bohemia, they usually ask what part of Germany is it)
So you have chosen death
Now all of them are gone, but my city has still one
What we have is often what people in other continents dream about, yet we take it as granted.
I never said I taugh at schools
But if he has a chance at defeating Le Pen and Fillon, then I support him (it's not like my support actually means anything).
is it really putty
It's also very good for hitchhiking as you can experience lot of different countries in short amount of time
You can believe in climate change without agreeing that it's caused by humans or that it can be reversed by our actions
Almost a quarter of people who work in CZ are low-wage earners, and any cuts in social security will turn their lives into living hell at a point where this really ISN'T THE FUCKING PROBLEM
Well
Baby Jesus always did
Similar question was asked before and few of us came to that conclusion.
And as you mentioned "zmij", we have zmije which is viper
" so they went on to salt the streets in September
You can buy 2 and a half with a100 in this region
Haha, yeah, what's the deal with that
For Czech,
It was on a good path to enlightenment, but then the US happened.
I don't expect anthem should have faster tempo or something it's not a pop rock neither metal song
The softening can be solved by making it explicit - e.g. writing *-ňí* instead of *-ní*.
Same goes for food
Let's see if you manage to keep it in the future :/
If something dries too wrinkly, I'll sooner chuck it into the washer again and try hanging it better the second time around, before I'm gonna iron anything
Because up until now, the video *was actually unavailable* in my country, or at least the version of it which people usually used for rick rolling
But well
What would be the point of posting in our native language in English speaking forum
This heritage is the reason why some former ex-communist countries returned to semi-dictatorial system and why the generational change is so important (regarding both, voters and politicians).
Now, Zeman's English is actually pretty good, but this one sentence on 5:45, to this day nobody really knows what did he meant by
At least I learned about all them with -us and -os as such
And there actually is a neonazi group
*please*
Before that, beer was usually literally cheaper than a glass of (sparkling) water
Czech person would be surprised rather in an opposite way as our gun owners are used to carry their guns everywhere
Somewhere in France, closer to sea the better
>  in some families you're just expected to figure it out for youself later
Nice sounding word, not so nice to walk in
That's a great example of Czech humor for you
"Mít v hlavě piliny" = "To have a sawdust in the head" = To be dumb as a rock
Sometimes there are environmental activists delaying the construction of a highway, for example, sometimes it's just an excuse from incompetent politicians
I don't understand why Italians travell abroad at all
No, only one word but I would know it’s very vulgar
And sometimes there's good story, like 1/10 or 20 is good
And we pass these mindsets onto the next generations, both through the direct family influences and also through the education systems.
This particular one is the independence from A-H.
Here is the report:
Also in public transport
The Romani man looks like Pedro Pascal
It contains the dreaded "Ř", that most of foreigners have problem pronouncing
Don't buy anything off the kind black nigerian dudes in the city center, it's either bullshit, stolen or it's drugs
Wiki disagrees though: "The current English name comes from the Polish ethnonym associated with the area, which ultimately comes from the Czech word Čech
Still applies today
Nope
Whether or not you have a degree doesn't matter a lot, that's something important only for you
any broodje haring place from Netherlands
To be fair, the Democratic party should look at the elections and retool its image, let go of the corporate establishment as Sanders has suggested, stop associating with left-wing anarchists, masks and all, and do a better job at appealing to independents and moderates.
My inner antisocial czechness always freeze from that terrifying phenomenon
There were a few weeks where there was a shortage of toilet paper and menstrual pads - that was tough :) Basic food was relatively cheap, because it was subsidized
The only people that have any peace are party members, to join simply pledge to spy on all your friends and look for any "political dissent".  If you used to go to church, you don't anymore
The minister of interior (police) was changed in January 1969
However, not only these rules are non-applicable in English but it sometimes seems like they're exact opposites
Russia (and smaller countries highly dependent on Russia) is very important export market for Finland.
Those filthy Poles made us change it and I don't like it
In the long run, weaker Georgia means higher chance to absorb Georgia back to some kind of Soviet Union (without Soviets this time)
Slovakia: 150 cases
Both sorry and soráč are very informal tho
Was the place easily accessible by public transportation
Good company, too
cz provides all this data because it is based on the OpenStreetMap
Most certainly not now
Also in the city centre there were more homeless beggars on 20 meters than I've ever seen in my life
Otrok = children in croatian And slave in czech
Not everyone are alcoholics
"In this piece, Smetana uses tone painting to evoke the sounds of the longest river in Czechia
Plus there are plenty of positive stereotypes about France as well.
Companies brought factories, not research centers (our governments supported them).
That's what I call a sensible speech.
If you want to do it at range, you need practice
Honestly I'm pretty convinced that some men simply don't understand how scary this behaviour can be, sometimes including those who do it themselves.
Growing up i didn't know anyone who would practice some religion,it was just a thing from historical or foreign movies, literally nobody talked about that
Sorry for off-topic, but how is life in Cyprus
But look at every small village - it has its own football team, playing some minor league.
That's as one-sided as it gets
We are preparing for the worst but everyone is calm
It's usually cooked and served in the same ways as a duck, it's just bigger
Quails: eggs are readily available, the bird itself is quite rare, but you can find it in biggest supermarkets
In reality because of his murder, Boleslaus said no to Germans and defeated them and released Bohemia of paying tributes
" jokes, for example:
Maybe back when they were sticking closer to history, but probably not even then
Also a lot of activity throughout thousands of years as it is a meeting point of 3 major ethnic groups
From the comments here one would think that Poland is gonna be a new North Korea
Well, if you really "roll" that /r/ and /l/, you don't need to insert schwa to pronounce it.
I mainly use English on daily basis on internet, almost never write in native language there, plus, when I'm in Germany for a long time, I mix up Czech, German and English
But in a federation, ideally, that disagreement should be about which solution benefits everyone the most, not about which solution benefits my country the most
Women (especially the younger ones) hate it
:-)
* ES: Gracias
Have you seen whos in charge there
Meanwhile you continue to struggle in your life despite hearing in the news about economic growth.
Even after being back in the country for year and a half
On top of that, knives are pretty much silent
The V4 governments need to bite the bullet and start paying decent salaries (by Western standards) to their PhD's, post-grads and professors.
You will grow wings and come to mainland to steal our jerbs.
It got worse since then
Thanks to our EU membership, we make EU borders look nicer than if we weren't part of it (not like Switzerland making a hole in the middle of the EU)
I would, following by demanding corridor area from the Austrians.
Also to our current situation led lot of events and we pretty much caused it ourselves
Maybe we can start with the train operators from different countries working together more closely with each other, work on synchronizing timetables, creating new, interesting connections and maybe even introduce lower fares on international journeys
It's if there's no crossing within 50m
Prague is too, and has handled the situation much, MUCH better than Amsterdam, with a much friendlier layout that has entire streets being reserved 100% for foot traffic
They'll give you a paper and signal you to sign it.
So grassroots now means with direct foreign government support, funding and intelligence
It was hard to imagine that should be lost forever
Looks like [some Romance languages and Basque] as well
A perfectly valid sentence
Stuff like that should never happen again
But Spaniards do use this word versatile
Even Americans seem to be in on it
>we can't really use ceramic or other hard material, as they would get frozen and crack in the winter
that was the most "interesting" part
Yeah, just like nothing starts war faster than throwing political figure out of window
The problem is that you can't reliably seperate the victims from the perpetrators, at least not with such massive numbers of people coming in.
Also the act of being the seeker is called *pikat*. When the seeker finds the hider, they shout: *"Deset, dvacet"* (Ten, twenty) + the hider's name
Now that our government is in bed with Putin, I predict he will focus on the Big 3 - UK, France, and Germany.
When we want to be really mean, we wait till Slovakia comes up in a conversation and then we pretend we don't know what Slovakia is and ask whoever brought it up whether he meant Upper Hungary.
That I don't understand
The Czech law makes basically no difference between private sales and sales through licenced dealer
Brno is a weird place
Just start a "Balaton expansion initiative", bury everyone in paperwork and accidentally put a few more zeroes after the figure for the total area
**Tábor:** Hussites
Hh, I see
Then it's off to the races as you conquer the world
Trans-Carpathian Ukraine was formerly part of Czechoslovakia, and culturally has more in common with Czech than it does with eastern Ukraine
I mean if you just wipe, it's never a 100 % job
Sometimes it’s stuff like olives, but sometimes it can be a health hazard - like cube of yeast
Yeah
Jasně. Pokud jsou korunovaní, což vylučuje Ferdinanda V., Františka Josefa a Karla
Kilimanjaro, what a beautiful place to die at
Wonder is, that we're still alive and there wasn't WWIII yet
This is actually very tricky formulation
Nah dude, Facebook is much worse
Thanks for the tip, much appreciated !
The period after the WW1 seen the return of the "antiquity ideal" of the body
Also, Adeline is in its early stages of development.
I feel like whenever I talked to an Irish, they understand us much more than any other Western Europeans
Idk if it counts because this is more of a bizzare situation rather than law, but one Czech family got robbed
Poppi FIN
It's because of its popularity and when one finds a way to buy it, they simulatenously find a way to buy other illegal drugs
I hear someone talking about how outrageous it is that we removed Saddam I feel like someone who helped liberate concentration camps in Europe being told how outrageous it is that we removed Hitler from power because he maintained order and was good for the economy.
straight outta /r/whitepeoplegifs
why not fleischkugeln, that makes more sense
Not "live and let live", but "pretending to follow the 'live and let live'".
Wait, I'm Czech, never mind
Probably just the kids
I want to know where [kalliope\_k] got that there is consensus about guns being bad, which is nonsense
black, already had a black car in a past, would not buy again :)
Needs work, for a start try to not make these posts on fresh accounts especially with a name like CitizenOfTheEU
Most people are somewhere in the middle.
It's the default position
It's really up to everyone what suits them
), but like I said, it was long time ago
Well done
We have few of them
But Italy, while having lower rate than these two countries, is more problematic case because of systemic importance of its banking system within Europe.
The worst thing about this is that Nokia was the last big European "tech company". With it, Europe ceded its relevance in this area to America and China
Nope, but that's what I found on English Wikipedia, we call it rohlík.
or cultural
It was basically a play about automatons talking over society
In English, it means something like "the one who's serving".
"Oh I visited Prague once in 1995, it's so nice", or their cousin's been to Prague, etc
Ahoj for people you know and are informal.
But mybe they transmit only Radio Maryja broadcasting and Rosary live from Vatican
Don't go there without some prior research and common sense
It's why we differentiate between expats (who tend to be retirees and clump together into their own groups) and migrants (who actually seek to assimilate and essentially become a native).
I can respect this
Czechs kind of love holding historical grudges and feeling victimized by others (Germans, Russians, Austrians, even the EU) even when a random person from that country has nothing to do with that
Didn't that only affect Croatia?
> but it's not really a thing we get that often
are they supposed to get people to the church with such a attitude...
It's simply not possible for all countries to generate huge government surpluses and not spend this money.
Yeah, it is very likely true, even though the Czech press mostly doesn't mention directly their ethnicity, they use other words to describe it indirectly, such as "children from socially excluded areas" and so on and everybody here understands that this basically means that they're gypsies, because we don't have any other socially excluded communities here.
Exactly, the season when all major newspapers will bring us info about best road to Croatia, how to avoid tolls and where is the cheapest possible food is coming.
Or [Arab guard tower]
He managed to transform a boring event into such enjoyable show
Do you mean if our TV participated in Eurovision Film Week and similar things
People in Prague earn more money and objectivelly have better quality of life
For the Czech Republic, it's quite boring:
You either have to be very ignorant of history to believe the NKVD and KGB did not take part in Czechoslovak affairs or willfully deceptive to assert otherwise
And the answer is not a lot
WE countries invited tons of foreign workers after WW2 to help rebuild their countries.
You have to make up that money somewhere.
* **Žižkov:**  The Republic of Žižkov", a bit rough, formerly proletarian (and proud of it) quarter, best pubs, but you have to dance between piles of dog shit to reach them
but still, at the time, for an eastern european salary it was a hit
Hold up Czechia is the Beerland
Oooh
All that, plus access to bad, cheap food.
nah, I am referring latest South Park season.
23C which is fine
>occasionally above 25, rarely above 30
[Older version
It’s die ‘cause it’s feminine in Czech
I've heard couple times girls call their BFs as mladej.
Major events get some media coverage and we even played it in school, even if not often
Your bodies are just trying to keep at least their heads over sea level, just in case
I hate myself for taking my time to dissect your comment like this, and I feel dirty as a result of it, but to me it seems like you live in a very specific bi-national family and have probably only really experienced Czechia in the form of Slovácko
But it should apply to families or small communities as well, those just don't get the media exposure.
It doesn't go into detail about it
Why didn't you post the free-text comments from the final section of the poll?
And this problem is also starting to appear in schools and post offices, I know some people who teach at public schools and one of them said that throughout the last 5 years 8 teachers left and they only managed to hire 3 new ones
Well it depends on what exact time period you mean
Half of my family lives in Greece including my half-sister so yeah, I do feel a certain connection to it
It is just a country across the border, all these who wanted to go left already.
So Weird Al is not  jǎːŋkoʋitɕ but ˈjæŋkəvɪk. W.E.B. Dubois is not dy'bwɑ but duːˈbɔɪs, etc
How many of them are jumping to blame  local ethnic/racial/religious preferences instead of their undesirable character ,low attractivnes or just plain lack of damn interest
the foreign vacations are now even more expensive for us.
And this, ladies, gentlemen and everyone else, is the French mindset in a nutshell and precisely the reason why nobody will elect a haggard old bat like Le Pen
We don't even have any guarantee that the UK will still take part in Erasmus.
It's still [functional]
Hey Norway, nice bulge
Isn't legal drinking age for beer and wine in Austria 16?
Couple of words from someone who rents a cars a lot across whole globe.
I’ve fooled many people by this
Also, I suspect corporations affected by such a ban would just make a new company to carry on
For example, one guy wanted to say "Be right back
Same in Prague and bigger cities in Czech republic
If so, it should definitely be restricted from further use!
Actually, yes, but only for one school year
be it ecology or power produced
China is our sworn enemy, not our ally.
Fuck you, Russia
it is awful example of clickbait headline, implying outrageous things that are not true.
Yeah, I'll add that sub on list of those which I shouldn't visit
Polish people always claim it sounds cute and child-like to them
but then nationalism appeared
Also in some countries it's just some of the political figures who are problematic (for example the president), while the government is not as problematic.
Indicrectly, yes, in terms of the legacy of WWII
I think they're great - it's time for us to realize we cannot fully depend on an ally that changes opinions with every ruling president.
And yeah, Czechs associate the word Tschechei strongly with Nazi occupation, but older people from West/South German-speaking areas sometimes just don't get what the problem is
Perhaps Croatia could also be counted in.
For me it was simple - in cursive, I wasn't able to write fast enough
Still it's kinda sad for me even though I have no relation to Sweden
* tě: 2nd person singular informal "you" in accusative case, you-single-informal being an object
And fucked his coach driver (also called himself his coachdriver's queen)
We take most of the subjects every year, so not sure what you meant with that..
Generally I don't really care what you call it
Petersburg will turn to ashes long before it happens.
The most infuriating thing about that is the fact that locally produced food for export is qualitatively better than the same brands sold locally, eg export sausages have more meat in them
We eat a roasted goose too and call it "St.
Eh, never had a problem understanding Slovak
What about Luxembourg, Malta, Cyprus, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Switzerland, Iceland, Serbia, FYR of Macedonia, Albania?
they are testing how good dope they got?
Polipsy - Kiss my ass
It's called Svět podle Daliborka (The World According to Daliborek) and it's semi-mocking them, but there was one thing that struck me and I found it quite interesting
* Mrdám/píchám/jebu na to (Fuck this) but also "to mě nemrdá" (I'm not fucked by this)
He was in infantry, and he got assigned in night shift to guard gate to military base
The idea that SNP is holding continuous referendums is bad.
You mean former Holy Roman Empire
The list could go on
The ingredients on the wrap would be different too
ČT 3 is called Kmetflix as Kmet is elderly person who is the target audience
>You're making this a notorious "Nikola Tesla" hassle
I would say *Doctor Who* was Americanized a lot.
Time to write Disney a petition
Then she pleaded to visit her mother, so he let her, but the mother didn't want to let her go back - and when the vodník came for her, saying she needs to go back "home", the baby needs to eat and what not and the mother kept sending him away, he left and let the decapitated baby by their door
Both railway and roads
The insect order is called *kudlanky* (would be *kudlanka* in singular) and the praying mantis is *kudlanka nábožná*.
Unfortunately, I have broken a bone in my life already, but I try not to say that on /r/Neverbrokeabone so I don't get banned
It means, that we don't need God in our modern societies.
Makes me think about what their lives were like, what they were thinking when the footage was taken, where were they going, what their hobbies were etc
Mainly because largest email provider is seznam
But that's just part of the experience
It's short term for *them*, long-term for us.
1st of January is officially the day of the reestablishment of the separate Czech state
What's surprising here
You don't need anything to cross the border
There was D-Day, Stalingrad and Kursk but not much else
Did you just assume his gender?
We tolerate it way too much in comparison to other European countries.
Along witht he above mentioned scandals, they knew they would lose their plurality, so they expedited their plans for a coup-d'etat
For each country there is a ranked list of the most visited websites (first position is usually Google) the figure shows position of reddit so lower number means more visited = more popular
Döner is the safe late night choice here as well and I'm not complaining
Some from Britain, some from Ireland, some from the US, some Italian, some spanish, I found very interesting argentinian kids song about Falkland war
Czech guy here
Eastern Europe was the part of continent with Orthodox Christianity, with history going back to Byzantine Empire.
Same here
Either assimilate or get out, regardless of hippy TV ads say.
Beer, chocolate, Hercule Poirot
well their coaches are pretty comfy but I don't think so it is anywhere close to what you know from Canada and/or US
We had it for big birthday celebrations usually for kids under 6 or 5 (or whoever wanted to join them, usually we all until puberty preferred playing with "fellow kids" instead of sitting and listening to adults)
So you actually are illiterate.
I can imagine such contests for foreign languages like English, French, or Spanish - older kids usually have some knowledge of at least one foreign language, so they could compete in that
Tbh the main difference I see that Austrians want to differentiate from Germans
I agree
There are only 3 cities in the list I don't know
But if it's not about people only, there are cases where -ly is even for masculinum
Shows everyone that you don't need to be super rich and properous to think out of the box and come up with modern and unconventional ways to improve different aspects of our society
:-)) I am in tears with lost Czech (and surely also Slovak) tourists
Why not
There has to be rain with a bit of ash/dirt or some tourists drity it
might be correct but it's completely irrational that it's coming from them, not from other areas which benefit less from these funds.
And as you can imagine from historical reasons, the trust in French military and diplomacy is very very low in a lot of countries
It's hard to believe, seeing Poland known for widespread homofobia nad anti-LGBTQ attitudes, ahead of Central Europe.
I will not honour stupid arguments by engaging in discussion
(he fall down but the player didn't even touch him)
By electing Macron, crowd of her supporters will only grow stronger
We don't need Irish goes green or whatever for party
If you can't see the clear connection and implication between the two definitions, that's on you
I realy like how metro stations all over Europe are trying to be architectionaly interesting.
I don't see how, both statements are correct
In Czech Čechy or Česko is neutral
Middle names are not common
You also have great spas
There's a reason Czechs were nicknamed "Laughing Beasts" by Nazi occupants
Although I'm pretty sure they really didn't know much about 1950's Czechoslovakia
You forgot the mamba who killed a woman in Prague - Hlubočepy last year
Together they got around 15% of the vote
And it's just boring small town
all popular among gays as well.
People won't vote for it in referendum at the time.
I feel like this is nothing new by now but on Easter Monday guys go around and whip girls with whips made out of willow branches
It's the same in Czechia
I expected a different clause at the end of the title
No it's not "changing a letter here and there and then its like a handful of words". That's why this whole thing is so complicated to have a reasonable discussion about – everyone thinks they can do it, but they really can't. I've seen and proofread texts written by Slovaks who can speak pretty decent Czech verbally, and they were terrible at writing
Ok and how do you call grilled cheese then
stepping out of the car during pull over.
Here, its a great way to get a can of pepper spray sprayed in your face
I think EE is going to focus on building up their own alliance led by Poland and Romania.
In this case invaders got assimilated
I'm more on the side to keep the building, though I'm not fond of brutalist architecture
Let's show some appreciation to each other: What is the thing you like the most about each of your neighbouring countries?
Gaelic
I understand
>the deliberate killing of a large group of people, especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group
The Czech republic that allows people to own and carry guns has extremely low gun crime, basically all of it committed with illegally owned guns (and even then the crime rate is very low)
I do hope there will be friendly relations and cooperation between nations, but I don't want us to become one nation
I would say you kicked Cech outside of your country due to low climbing skills :)
I get that this narrative isn't very prevalent in the West.
I certainly wouldn't have thought of Bohemia as a cradle of proto-Protestantism
The Chinese don't bother with buying them and steal their tech right away
Possibly [Pankrác?] Sadly Prague is the only city where anything like what you mentioned could be built, but each time someone wants to build a skyscraper they have to fight dozens of "landmark protectors" because It WoUlD rUiN pAnOrAmA oF pRaGuE
I see
No, if they aren't citisens, they shouldn't vote, but if they will become citisens (dual citisenship or just regullar citisens) then I don't see problem
Stopping trade altogether would be bad for the EU but horrible for Russia.
Sorry, I think I watched too much US politics, that I even thought of this question
Pepa for Josef is apparently from Italian Giuseppe, where it was shortened to Beppe
And you still usually have to come pick the parcel up at the post office because česká pošta is a fucking joke
More info about gun categories here:  [
Yeah, I personally don't mind too much
He’s sort of controversial but he knows what’s up
Czechs and Slovaks finally started working together after WWII, apart from that probably nothing
Sounds like something invented by a beautician
Zero risk
It's always about context and the beholder
To mam trochu z ruky, jsem z Ostravy :) je to dost mozne, tady ten sirup cpou vsude
[Vodnik] (waterman) - a spirit who lives around water and underwater.
Usually it ends with a big explosion
I don't even know how this works for these religious nuts here
Ok, I wanted to add a category for musicians but decided not to
Just ask some Asians, you'll see they generally have not all that much idea about Europe in general.
"Co tam" a "jak tam" is very weird for me
and meanwhile "anti-Asad rebels were equipped by US" + three days later "anti-Asad rebels flied to ISIS with all US equip...
Přihodíme i prezidenta a jeho mluvčího zadarmo
) makes Linz (actually traditionally called ''Linec'' in Czech) quite known, probably even better known than Insbruck and Salzburg
but still, at the time, for an eastern european salary it was a hit
The only thing in the world the EU is capable of bullying is its former member state
chamois = "koza turystyczna"
"What is the happiest moment for a Czech
Pretty much the same as OP's.
Charles University
I would assume that that person is a nationalist
Is it just my app that I see stars instead of your comment
I noticed majority of my classmates writing in this style in high school, but ... like how do you just come up with your own writing style
The i/y and í/ý dichotomy
Yes, usually on white wheat bread.
I would mention the case when a man caught robbers in his barn
Interesting
That was about 14 years ago
Řekli jsme
Reminds me of a coworker in my previous job - he said he was "from a small city near St
Seen any map made after you fucked up the war in 1918
Not has to, he just does because he just likes to fuck /w everybody and everything ;)
Or in general, what would be the difference between permanent residence and citizenship if you allow permanent residents to vote
"Hey check it out, that fool thinks he is able to learn Czech
Ending up in the 15th floor would be more weird.
We read Máj. My brother read Máj in the class and was required to make Máj analysis in 6th grade
Pretty much all top unis are in the capital.
You can best portray both laughter and tears by shrugging your shoulders
By 1929, it was far more balanced.
There was ever an image of us being a mecca of rationality
No matter how hard I try my lips are not cooperating with me on this word
No, we usually took them when we went to buy there something
It's usually footsteps or things falling
I had encountered this with French, which is my third language
I would vote for an underpass in Jelení příkop near the Prague castle: [here] [here] and [here]
I can't think of any cartoon that does it from the top of my head, but I remember that in The Witcher video games, dwarves speak in a Scottish accent
However since we've fucked up in the past, a new tiered system of citizenships would be needed.
Removing it would make Czech simpler but some information would be lost from the language
Yeah absolutely, It's such a good feeling to switch to new more comfortable clothes
Firstly you have the propaganda.
We don't even trust ourselves at this point.
And anyone from anything older than 20th century is way more forgotten than Heydrich
It's quite similar to Hungarians.
Why there is an ipa [xɛl], but I just [hear] our ordinary [ɦ]?
Amongst other things I've shot several handguns by CZ, mostly different variations of 75, sports versions, 85 etc.
So it was cuased by humans not following guidlines - human error.
I traveled a lot over the years and lived in 4 countries so let me chime in with a non-western European opinion
add in their leftovers and people can buy/get it at discounted price
I don't care if it is real parmesan or grana padano but both can't be replaced with emmentaler and so on.
This was in international shipping as well, where a bit of basic geographical knowledge wouldnt go amiss
Basically they are that person who will take any chance to embarass, take advantage of or weaken you while staying out of the spotlight.
I don't care
Yeah, I hate fish so you can imagine how my first Czech Christmas was.
Especially the first one was pretty stupid and there was no reason for it
Most Slavic and Germanic and Romance languages have a continuum of dialects that makes them intertwined, but Hungarian stands out
despite what /u/Thegreatflea says, foreign soldier graves are a long time problem with Russia
And do all the countries along the way have to grant right of passage?
>Well, the tile says head of government or president
you can lay the cable (položit kabel), you can throw a poop (hodit bobek), jump away (odskočit si), or go for the big one (jít na velkou)
Germans might call it unlawful exodus of millions blamed for crimes of a slim minority, Czechs might call it as an inevitable consequence of a century of clashes and, you know, the dismemberment of our freedom and danger to independence
I'd say nothing is taboo, from innocent to DOOM level of brutal, puns and wordplays, but we mostly make fun of others (nations, groups, people), but in great fun offensive, not hateful offensive
That's a great example of Czech humor for you
Czechia is fine
For us, you can't have a debate like this without at least mentioning [the Dancing House] near the Prague historic center
At the end they took a sample of their product to a lab to find out how pure the heroin was and it turned out it was 0%.
* Prdím na to (I fart on this)
We are not and will never be at a point when "pornstar" is a normal occupation with no stigma attached
Basically, in Czechia we call whole Germany "Německo" which refers to that we can't understand them
Turnout in elections to european parliament was 18.2%.
But I never learned it properly, so I decided to take Duolingo course
And it is happening whole academic year
I think that the first lesson should be rewritten as "Don't make impossible to enforce alliances and then expect them to work when times get rough". There was absolutely no way the alliance with France (and the Soviets too) was gonna work out and I doubt the interwar government and general staff weren't aware of this, at least with a scenario of Germany being the aggressor
Should be soon now
Have you seen whos in charge there
Greta probably stole her sister's childhood
Now imagine how it sounds to an English ear when every other word in a sentence they don't understand sounds exactly like "fuck" :)
The best cultural example of this archetype would be Vilém the terrible lord of the woods from our most renown poem *Máj.* From historical persons, there are Slovak Jánošík or Ruthenian Nikola Šuhaj which are the most ingrained in our cultural awareness
Pičín=Bitchtown
it would be "you might get sent to Bulgaria
The management is here to blame.
The article talks about bad private loans.
It's the last country I can think of and I can't even try to find something interesting about it
(I don't know the specific prices but it would be something along these lines)
Not just any film
A lot of users with no history of posting on /r/Europe before are trying to push their agenda
Hopefully one day
we are still poorer than Finland
Frustrating
6%... A lot of people like me dont drink it unless very thirsty because it tastes like water
It sounds like something out of fantasy
To be honest the smell of the mushrooms drying is something that disgusts me for a whole month after one stops collecting, because in a normal apartment, there's nowhere you can leave them
Well, our president is an old drunk dude, with dementia, who hasn't been sober for 7 years of his presidency and our prime minister is megalomaniac/mafia boss, who owns most food, agriculture and media companies, over which he still has a control (unoficially), steals from EU and does shit for people, only if he wants to improve his public image, so things are great
I'd say [Ktož sú boží bojovníci ] is the most patriotic song I can think of
Given the Czech-German relationship status and high levels of nationalism in 1919 I wouldn't be surprised if he was happy about it
With him I would probably place there Dvořák a Tyl
*Mám to na párku
I can't wait to finally insult someone's mother's uncle's birth village bakery after they cut me on a corner road
I feel there are certain characteristics that would make a person incompatible with me, and those might be more commonly found in people of certain nationalities/cultures (like being very social and outgoing and loud, that kind of thing), but even within one country/culture people are so diverse that it always comes down to the individual person anyway.
Fucking Jon Sníh
Slovak has generally a lot softer tone and flow, Czech is more "drdrdrdr", if that makes sense.
Here _pneumatika_ means both a tire and the branch of science
I think most of people don't even know it exists or take it just as another governmental organisation without any strong emotions.
Fuck Okamura, though
Hey, I know Poland soldiers invaded us recently, but we are not annexed yet
10\^12 = bilion
An intellectual Eastern European
EDIT: I'm not sure, if you can see it, but I'm from Czech republic
So do you see a way out
I think I have already seen this map months or even years ago
Right now
Modern cars with small LED lights are not consuming so much electricity
Nebesník is epic
Thanks
Also *de Guatemala a Guatepeor* is a nice wordplay
I know at least 3 girls who filmed porn and dated one
The girl is an idiot who tried to conduct work in the UK (she was accepting direct payment for her lectures) and was deported for doing so (it's illegal under UK immigration law).
Try to put it into singular
Been looking for you guys like for 5 minutes of scrolling geez
Fuck, why do I look like belarussian?
The map was labeled "The world after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia" (Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, Czechoslovakia in 1993)
You guys have 8000 million liters a year, but also more ppl
The older I get, the more I realize that I really dont want to move anywhere else
Občas vidím na Internetu polštinu a je mi trochu divné odpovídat anglicky, když tomu rozumím.
I've seen starwars (IV) in 84 here, it was on betamax with shitty voiceover dubbing all done by one person
Literally translated it does
As far as I know, your windows usually just slide up
Accommodation and restaurants are usually the most expensive items in Western countries; if you get rid of them, the trip becomes perfectly affordable and, dare I say it, more enjoyable if you're not the lazy "stay in the hotel" type
The state of affairs today in Czech republic - Prime minister - ex communist secret police agent (StB) and normalization communist
There were a lot of national socialist parties in interwar Europe and pretty much none of them bar for the German one had even a slight resemblance of the NSDAP agenda
Not the best ride I ever had to be honest
European Union, the map of Europe and Germany for some reason
looks like finland
I think you forgot about the Witcher
There is very visible divide between people who were living during communism and those who weren't.
Osobně by mi nevadilo mít monarchu jako reprezentativní osobu
I think there are some things I disagree with on the government or social level but I am sure you are the same with Czech Republic
* Velvet revolution was not a peoples uprising but actually a planned power transfer
moment - okamžik - blink of an eye
We have "Pricing Law". It has been applied recently due to human idiots that were selling respirator masks for huge amount of money in the beginning of pandemics
The lumberjacks ran in to the town to alert a knight Trut (full name: Albrecht from Trautenberg)
/r/WrathOfRichardStallman
3 min walk, 10 min metro, 7 min walk
Because it would mean sunrise at 9:30 and sunset at 19:00 in winter
The problem is probably that there are a lot of mountain ranges in between
Oh yes, seeing people protest for disabilities that don’t even exist is enlightening
We actually have an idiom in our language "to drink as a Dane", which predates the modern day Prague raids.
In my opinion, implementing a universal healthcare system is the best thing they can do
The tech guy who always complains
Every case I saw was a desperate politician trying to score some votes, or the parents being really incompetent/ignorant of the laws of the country they chose to raise their children in.
ETA: safe storage temperatures should be listed on the packaging
You meet someone who's never heard of your country.
But more interesting was one of my drive in October, when like every fifth car was from Switzerland - it was the last day when people could travel from Czechia to Switzerland without the quarantine, so I guess many people better went back to home
Same like Fatherland or Vaterland
Googling didn’t really help, so I had to ask another (female) italian friend of mine
He was an SS-Obergruppenführer and General of the Police as well as chief of the Reich Main Security Office (including the Gestapo, Kripo, and SD)
There is probably more
The fact is that the vast majority of people have no apetite for this
Some stereotypes are stupid alone
Partially unrelated to Le Pen, but please can someone enumerate for comparison what actual achievements have current and recent European leaders scored during last e.g.
Unfortunately no counterfeit jackets in everyday life.
Big communist propaganda billboards everywhere
If you told that to us this week, we might laugh at you, too
I'd welcome it, if it was operating as a defense force in east and south of Europe.
4 million people in the country
Netherlands and Germany, what's the thing with you and the campers?
The games Mafia and Mafia II are Czech games
I guess I just might be nordic
is it [forbidden syllogisms]
English is a lingua franca of this era
They all have some weird grammar rules here, but you begin to understand those rules some time around adulthood
You don't hear much about terrorists from Syria, Iran or Jordan.
Read on Vatican relations with Czechoslovakia between the wars
You might see a little discrimination, but most of it would stem from your look rather than name I think.
Czech republic is quite Prague-centric and it shows
"Ano" literally just means "yes". It's commonly used, but definitely is more formal and in no way synonym for "fair enough".
since there are accounts of him attacking nazis as well as raping girls (i think
Zhubni = lose some weight
The proximity of Wales to England probably also makes the population more related to that of England, but the country still keeps some of its Celtic identity.
As long as Czech is their mother tongue, they are Czechs to me.
Nippon - Japonsko,
What about the Swedish Democrats?
Litter, drunk tourists vomiting in the streets and ugly advertising are indeed just minor symptoms of what happened to the whole area's property structure
Your ignorance and stupidity makes my blood boil
ROG Red city wallpaper
Oh, so you're from Gigabite
First r/me_irl, now Spain
Let's hope peaceful ways (threatening to remove all funding, then introducing economic sanctions) will help.
It shouldn't be used ever
I don't know how long it's been since you visited, but Pilsner can rarely be seen below 40 CZK (1
What's interesting is that we don't really know if he was a hero or a criminal
The same as you I guess
Nanofibres - usa - first patent
Not everyone was the typical dirty peasant without zero outlook
edit: [Here] as well
Germans specifically are also very into online privacy and tend to favor open software, which could play a part in it, but I'm not sure if selling your soul to Google is that any better than Apple these days
I've heard that the education system of Finland is very nice, let's grab that one
That's interesting
Yeah, people here really take it personally when you call Czechia  “Eastern Europe”, and the argument is: “Prague is more to the west than Vienna, so we are Central Europe
Thank you Germany for being our (by far) biggest economical partner
We are cunts
Czech goverment
I yelled at her that this is Prague, not Paris
For historical examples of that sort of thing, see the Korean War and the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia
The V4 countries agree to offer help, as long as the refugees stay outside of Europe.
But because he wrote in German, he's part of "Prague German literature" group of authors writing in German
The St
Tlusty is likely one of those
They have two choices now: Google spyware or overpriced Apple toys
"*can you please stop getting whipped?
Between 5-12, or so your brain loses the ability to rewire and regenerate
I only passed through Hungary, sadly
I used it when I drove from the Czech republic to France via Germany and Switzerland just last week and the information was 100% accurate.
> used to be the entrance to the Subway
jpg on weapons or character
If I were to visit Paris, what areas should I stick to?
And usually reading a summary was enough anyway
Taviano IT
If you ask also about nonverbal part of folklore:
But once it had been a thing, federalising was a dangerous precedent
Why don't they cover their faces with something
Probably the nicest post-communist country.
Isn't the word месяц used for moons other than earths
Germany
Austria
so like the current PM
Finnish
I am thinking about lessening the risk.
Private citizens, hobbyists, that don't even own a live firearm.
AFAIK these are not shampoos but laundry detergents tho
He guaranteed safety to Jan Hus, who was among the first to speak against the catholic church only for him to be later burned alive for his beliefs
International law and principles were and still are applied selectively quite often
* arc lamp
German and Austrian countryside/villages will look a bit more cleaner and polished usually
People on the street will change your money
Does [zámek/chateau/Schloß] count
I'd say "estébák" is used here
Part of the reason Europe advenced so quickly compared to the rest of the world was lack of resources that promted explortion and constant conflict between relatively equal realms.
One wonders why the EU still hasn't tried sending more money
But anyway, yeah, in general I would like to see us investing more into research and development.
Czechoslovakia is still way better known in the UK or US than the Czech Republic even though it doesn't exist for 27 years
"Vybafnout" - to jump on somebody out of hiding with laud noise and scare the shit out of someone.
Russia
Protection of property, health and life are valid reason to get a gun license and a gun permitting a concealed carry
pretty normal here as well
Yeah, I meant Savonlinna, sorry :) We dont have any naval fortress in Czechia
You don't have to vote far right if you're against immigration.
Our doctors run away to Germany regardless of gender I guess.
Anyway it was an awesome performance, I loved it.
Probably a good thing, not doing the two on the same day
We still love Europe, just not the political project the EU has become.
>Well if a single small car Škoda Fabia eliminate FOUR APC Pandur II 8x8 with single hit
Just like two decades later, a western oriented Czechoslovakia would create a direct path through the commie block to the borders of USSR, jeopardising their entire European strategy.
Also theres pikola - piccola fluete and pikolík - busyboy/potboy
Revolut doesn't help here
If you mean which animal does the most damage statistically, then ticks (encephalitis, Lyme disease) and bees and wasps (allergies, anaphylactic shocks)
Specialists and diplomats advise, but politicians in power are the ones who make decisions.
Him speaking Czech wasn't anything special, many Sudetengermans did, just like many Czechs spoke German
When the ATM detects your card is issued abroad, it adds a fee 2-7 EUR
Czech Republic is too long, too official, sounds sketchy, and is too tied to the current establishment (i.e. you cannot use it to refer to before 1918)
Why not
You can tell which car is driving and which is parked
For me it's below 10°C during longer stays outside (let's say 30+ minutes)
cz are the best online outdoor maps and that's a fact
That is some strong ABBA vibes
Apparently the law (not really, but something similar) has been secretly - on nightly "emergency" meeting of government - put to life that effectively lets tons of people sentenced for corruption go free.
We've also this aspect
It's funny since the Slav name for germans and germany (Německo, Němci) comes from the word  mute'
Remember those days when Germany was a Mediterranean
Throwing some bad bois out of the window
It doesn't help anything that the other buildings in the neighborhood are all quite flat, so this abscess always stands out.
Just look at he fines in the US compared to those in the EU
Czech is so hard
Romanian
> Who voted which way was not officially recorded
Funny how  when talking about successes nowadays it's always a Russian win, but when it comes to various atrocities and fuck-ups it's those pesky Soviets who did it
All I want for Christmas is Article 13 being deleted
And I legitimately miss Germany's trash collection and recycling system
Kofola is literally the greatest soda on planet earth and every living being should drink it instead of water
That doesnt make sense
I like this comment and yes people are more affected by recent events and turns, also Cold War and communism destroyed a little part of hope, but the way people act is much more similar to Germans than actually to other Slavs
At that camp we would wake up at 7 am and after a swim in a pond there was a morning report and raising of the flag
Most of us still believe it was a good deed after all
as for the second anthem I am not sure
What you wrote isn't the same, and the set phrase actually is "výjimka potvrzuje/potvrzující pravidlo" (an exception confirms/confirming the rule) which is the same
Honestly, now it makes sense why I keep seeing cheap fares to France since last year.
And I imagine it's like that everywhere.
Děkujeme vám - (We) thank you (pl
It is fun experience
[these pants :(] local backpackers brand
But it isn't very common
What is wrong parmesan on tuna?
There won't be enough machinery to dig all the trenches
Except [the decision was made around 2000
Good Friday isn't a holiday, St
Z kopců - from the mountains (since a lot of Germans lived in the mountainous area of Sudetenland)
This sounds very bad without context
There have been several studies proving that too small classes are as ineffective as large ones, mainly for the reason that they required more interaction from all students which is uncomfortable for shy/introverted students and may cause anxiety
In Czech we have this awesome translation od Simpsons joke, where Homer sees a sign 'Die' and freaks out and than a tree bends and shows the whole sign 'Diet' and he freaks out even more
> Your last sentence is an attack
There is, but one of the things WWII taught us is that if you refuse to help your ally, his enemy might win, get stronger and eventually come to your doorstep.
But it would have to be figured out about economy of this and I'm not qualified to talk about this aspect
Čvut & MatFyz
I'm Czech
I am positively surprised
But this would be the general difference between countryside and cities where people tend to have more liberal views on life
I'd need more Czechs to confirm this, but I think it's Russia
That should be the primary pointer for you.
South Bohemia region
End áftr aur vyktory vy mast dylyvr, nou mor soušl dampink, nou mór slejfdrajvrs on d lejbrmárkyt, nou mór teks hejlnc
If it isn't what he meant, he can just tell me
And Czechness
Source:
Europe need a common project for nuclear powerplants including production of nuclear fuel and processing radioactive waste to minimize costs and maximize security.
Someone might correct me, but I think it might be illegal in Czech Republic to advertise guns.
It was just a rant against stupid voters.
(and regular work in many other Slavic languages afaik)
A guy who loves motorcycles can spend 10 hours per day tweaking them, but nobody would claim him an irresponsible motorist if he sells off his garage and starts doing kiting instead.
We still have memorial ceremonies about WWII war crimes (Lidice, Životice, all the ghettos like Terezin or Jewish Quarter in Prague, mass executions, etc
However when the public opinion is strongly against something (like the euro, or the refugee quotas) he is very unlikely to go against that.
People just carry on like normal, towns are safe, outdoor sport facilities have sufficient light sources or you use headlights
Kind of a shock, if you ask me
I mean there diffinetelly is
Meaning Putin's government, not the Russian people.
Life of someone living in Holešovice or Vinohrady will different from someone living in Velká Ohrada and the rest of Prague 13
Let's defenestrate someone instead, that never gets old
Stop lying
I think that would be unfair to Moravians and Silesians, since "Čechy" is our term for Bohemia
Whereas the prime minister is just the victor of elections, so they'll be a decisive, polarising figure that can get replaced much more frequently
It tottaly worked
I don't know what will I write, nor do I know if I'm doing it right, but it's kinda fun
Also assassination of Heydrich followed revenge of Germans by burning villages like Lidice
And what about Wi-Fi or computers
if you seriously believe that democracy is just a totalitarian vasal state with better PR, then I would suggest to read a damn book or two, because this kind of stupidity really grinds my gears
Before some high school exchange with Danish students these guys were curious if we have electricity in our country and were told by their parents not to eat home made food because of hygiene
Now I wonder if there is something wrong with my blood, because this is like the 100th time I hear 0 blood gets the worst of it :D
But I dunno if he got the lyrics right, since he started yelling "Deutschland, Deutschland über alles"
looting in 3, 2
* German, which I'm very shitty at and going nowhere
For now let's stick with the European humans.
The act itself is called předení (spinning a string)
That would be probably about the same for us
Thats actually amazing
There are over 500 million people in Europe, if we took in 5 million, no single town or city would need to enlarge more than 1%, if organized properly.
CURVA means in Spanish an italian curve or corner
as a czech citizen the czech one czechs out
There are 2 in my 100k city, but neither is very popular
Lethal trap
and my hot extends to 35, after that it's too hot
So, no matter which dialectal region you're from standard Czech is taught everywhere the same, from the same aspect, same preposition, absolutely no localisation whatsoever
But *technically*, memes are not parodying
Movie is based on Adam Bodór novel *Az érsek látogatása
I imagine it's younger folks too.
The white building really poped up after we reached the entry to the area
You are working lowest manual job available
Yeah
I don't see a productive reason why most people with <105 IQ (or true intelligence  equivalence, to avoid inevitable 'IQ doesn't mean shit' reply) should go to college, perhaps with the exception of extremely motivated people in non-STEM fields
We have a citizen registry - the government knows where you live (or where you say you do)
Don't take this the wrong way, I'm generally pro-Israel, it's just that some aspects of the Israeli politics seem really strange from the European perspective.
No One Does
Hell no
I only realized it when I walked up to Tesco and the automatic doors did not open :(.
[Linet]
Well, they are only people after all
Thats bullshit mate
That's the mother of all rickrolls
At this point, the hider is *zapikaný*. I really wonder where the root *pik* comes from
I've heard they dislike Trump so this could be a prime time.
Hey, I'm not sure how it's in Italy, but over here birth control (both hormonal and non-hormonal) is not covered by the health insurance and you have to pay for it yourself.
This is NOT about whose fault it is, who's to blame, who has problems with that – this is irrelevant here
[Český Šternberk] owned by family [Sternberg] from 1241.
Unfulfilled expectations can lead to pesimism and anger and Serbia can turn to the new strongly eurosceptic country inside the EU (something EU doesn't need at the moment).
Through going to church getting seats in the Parliament
I knew it was popular in countries of soviet influence sphere beside CZ where is it from and it aired in Germany too, but I thought that's about it.
Yeah
Yep, keep telling that to yourself
Czech here, honestly, I'd rather a pompous militry march sometimes
Schools, factories, shops, justice system or police.
Just a few Cessnas and Pipers, which is crazy given it's central location
I only ever use the czech one if I can't find something on the english one or I'm looking for something czech, because it usually has more info on stuff that originated in the czech republic
Natáhnout bačkory (to stretch the slippers) - to die
And you can have night vision with special permit with this and all other shit which is usually illegal.
Like US does with NATO often (or rather did in the past)
I would have still probably written some things differently, but this definitely sounds more natural
For you it is objectively worse phone because of that, for me it is objectively not even the criteria I care about
Edit to add: There are really two Ukraines
I would love to play the remaster of the first three Killzone games on PS5
I think, neither of them would get it.
Yeah
In Europe we have that small isolated part of McDonald's where we can get coffee, smoothie or some dessert/cake/snack
After watching The Apocalypse I no longer think so
Orbán was playing the long game, he knew that at the start he has to not make waves, he first must build comfortable nest among the general apathy, just rising the temperature sligly with each step.
Since the graph is missing them (they could be at the tops of bars).
When they became just CS and pretty much independent, the state stopped watching them
Not really sure, but we have foxes for our rabies needs.
We literally have 14 °C right now here
me, a Czech: I'm in danger
No, I don't think we will
I don't live in Prague, but few things to keep in mind I can advise you on is: keep an eye on your bags, there's a lot of pickpocketers as the city is constantly crowded by tourists and also remember that 1€ = 27 CZK (czech crowns), I've seen a video few weeks back about a exchange point that were exchanging at 1€/15CZK rate so almost half, don't get screwed by them.
There was a castle called Ratgoz near their borders, which over a few changes in pronunciation became Rakousko and went from name for the castle's surroundings to a name for the whole country.
It's funny and catchy
But I can see łódź in the bottom right corner, I'm confused
There was movement like this in 19th century
The ethnic cleansing and post-war violence were a result of previous circumstances, and while abominable, they didn't fall out of the blue sky
>We need to change it
Pros: Getting a job is ez
It could end with the Prague uprising
The beer is 0,5l and the water probably 1l if not 1,5l though
but there are a few problems
Merging is wrong
5 and lower is I should've bought something warmer than a denim jakcet weather
There is also ČT, which is a national TV station, and it is popular, too
I get they have to get to work, but that's like the bare minimum
We've been working earnestly since 17 of April for this spot :) [Here]
Thick walls, sturdy doors, a different floor, possibly loud music -> even soft BDSM isn't a problem
Confused Schleswig with Schlesien
How good Danes are at English doesn't matter.
Sorry, I meant the Holy Roman Empire, which later transformed into the Austrian kingdom.
Well of course they want to leave the UK, who sane wouldn't?
Haven't seen it for ages tho
I think regular DnD is more popular, though still very niche.
Imagine a kid in the 2050's using it to by a Cola or something thinking: "Huh, nice coin, wonder what the pandemic was like
The EU banned them for pistols and revolvers in 1991
Zmije in our language is specifically a viper
"Panic" means virgin (male) :)
Can't imagine how it had to feel when people were forced to certain boxes, especially as a school kid.
Thanks, nice
I never understood where the sentiment that The Democrats' are some EU loving, climate change resolving, health care providing pacifists came from.
I bet they didn't even use their blinker to indicate they're turning downwards
Ah, thanks for catching that
[related video from czech comedy]
We are taught at school that Central European countries are Germany, Switzerland, Lichtenstein, Austria, Slovenia, Czechia, Poland, Slovakia, and Hungary
No, simply because we are not Eastern European
* odkud: "where from". Czech has separate adverbs for "where", "where to", "where from"
An old French proverb
Yes, Youtube does it, badly
I don't eat out and I'm lazy to peel potatoes, so I eat potatoes only very little
Imaginary-Tramtárie-Tramtaria
What does Babiš has to do with that
*Nauč se česky, paznehte
It's totally incomparable to this situation with the black model.
They often use them when club from one town wants to visit another town
Nope
though)
As may have heard, EU approved new gun laws.
He's a goldmine when he speaks by himself
I love it every time, although for some reason everytime I go there the weather is awful.
Of course, after all they're a *Jewish* state.
It just sounds weird
I guess, he speaks from experience
Rise in poverty in the UK is connected with rising inequality of domestic population, and with immigration from non-EU countries.
růžinu jevil vonný vzdech
But they want more discussion about it
Interpreting last thousand years as living "under the German boot" is a perfect example of the bullshit that was rammed down our throats last 150 years by our nationalist elites
Interestingly, despite Czechia being landlocked, Czech language has different words for the true seals, *Phocoidea* (tuleň), and the eared seals, *Otariidae* (lachtan)
Personally, I think this one was more horrifying
Czech RepuBRICK
In a short almost every conjunction like "a" "ale"  etc have version both with and without period depending the whole context
My partner is French
Or write another ones, you should know what vowel we meant)
Damn
They think, that everyone gonna perform Krav Maga and people gonna eliminate potential terrorist with gun or anything available like chopsticks.
I guess so
Then I put on my sunglasses and slowly walk away as the basement explodes behind me
Monarchist scum
It's not that I'm such a patriot or whatever, it's just that I like the sense of familiarity in the alternate history scenario and have more of an idea what the places that I rule look like
Worse, *bad* Facebook boomer cartoons
A lot of the rip-off stores in the centre arent owned by czechs
Yes Blackberry, we are still using this crap
7/10 for not posting those fancy black SS parade uniforms.
Yes, it went down a lot, but people still complain about "Damn skopčáci"
This all should help to lift economies in the rest of Balkan too, both in and outside EU, and cure their insanelly high unemployment rate like 30-40% in Bosnia/Macedonia.
We only make 6%? But hey our beer is the best B)
The beer is cheaper is than water is also an argument which an Austrian living in Prague mentioned in my podcast interview about expat life in Czechia :-D
There are tons of vietnamese people here and the ones younger than 30 mostly grew up or were born here so they are fully integrated and I know many mixed Czech-Vietnamese couples and mostly haven't heard of any issues
Oh are they really
Because, you know
What does the number represent?
When you walk that road, beer will be haram soon.
We were always rebel nation
My own grandmother used to gift me different items (bed sheets, cutlery...) on my birthsdays with the words, it is part of my Výbava for marriage.
I think some of those are known to general public and you should be familiar with almost all of them if you've attended any decent highschool.
* Being occupied by a hostile power and made subservient in your own country honestly sucks
Don't really know what's going on in Scandinavia or the Balkans
I can tell you for sure that in Prague, you can order by waving your hand and speaking hungarian (worst language) and still get what you want.
Professionalism at it's finest
5 mio
And she was Slovak
So the entire government is fighting Against russia, NATO and EU are showing solidarity to us, and this drunk half-dead potato still kisses Putin's ass
With my friends when we were drunk
Well, I was talking about stereotypes in general, including the mountainous areas and towns that were reliant on industry that did not survive global competition or got tuneled by old owners
I only realized it when I walked up to Tesco and the automatic doors did not open :(.
Very well said
There is a huge fight for these UK agencies.
> Bulgarian Republic
In Czech, we use "žárlivost" for "jealousy" and "závist" for "envy". You could use the former when talking about something non-romantic, but not the other way around
We had so much dill plants there
Maybe regional difference, I guess
Oh man, I'm always so ashamed when stats like this show up
Carp is like national fish here.
Constrain somebody to go vote is for me something that is little bit againts my freedom - I don´t want to say that Belgium or other nations don´t have freedom, but it is just my personal feeling.
I think that if anyone did, they would get some funny looks from fellow diners as well
EU institutions can't do much as there are no implementations, that one product should contain the same ingredients in the whole EU.
Far right says a lot of shit, them being possibly right once or twice doesn't make them a reliable source of news.
Damn, the buildings, cars, the clothes people wear
Is it true that welfare is required to be paid back in Switzerland
First /r/russiadenies, now /r/usadenies.
Hell no
Germany, once again
But until 1989, we had hanging
What a place to live in
I can get to Prague train station at similar time (2
Congrats
Yet some dumb people still use the argument "Oh, you Czechs are atheists because of communism
I remember reading it in a news article where they interviewed a police officer (or a police chief
A rozhodně radši Karla Habsburského (vnuk posledního císaře) než-li Zemana
Here in the US I see many groups who promote "European identity"
And even nowadays I have to stop and think when encountering large numbers in English, like billion or trillion etc
The camera had evidence of robbers face but it also had partial view on square which is public space
They give you freedom in rural areas of course
I am very surprised
Well not with *that* attitude
>For example, France doesn't have "Religious education" classes
I think you'll get there
They're afraid to put their weight on the flashing
although I understand your sentiment, the idea of maintaining a monarchy that spreads across different cultures and languages to be ruled by Habsburgs from Austria is a little naive from the perspective of 20th and 21st century.
And as far as my experience, this is plain to see to anybody who has traveled through this region
I visited north Hungary last summer and I loved it, so now I want to explore the capital
I’ve been to both Rome and Paris and personally, I found to Rome to astronomically more dirty than Paris
Small, shorter table without the tablecloth, easy to clean, where they can make mess freely and have fun together
I haven't got a strong opinion on what is better and prefer what is easier available (when watching on the internet, there's hardly a show I watched entirely subtitled or entirely dubbed).
Currently, in case of an all-out military conflict, gas supply to Germany might be affected; with the Nord Stream, it won't be, what almost guarantees German passivity in case of further Russian aggression
Maybe, but very few people wanted that
Work hours haven't changed for the last 100 years, while technology and productivity continued improving, I think we just have to accept it can't stay the same forever and that there won't be as much human labor needed in the future
I do enjoy some mildly spicy Jalapeno pizza though.
This or I heard "Žere hlínu".
Because people like you keep applying American Left and American Right to Middle/Eastern European countries
Holy Franz Josef man, that was savage.
Lingua Franca changes all the time
Nah, it's just interchangeable in Germany, that's why they are a little bit confused
(Sources vary) richest country per capita in the world but in EU's eyes you are still a shithole :((((
You could be enjoying hugs
It's horrible what is happening
North Korea is a buffer state for China, and China wants to keep it that way
nononoonono
It got really bad during quarantine because I spent all day in my room watching movies, reading books, posting online etc
The central planing is in principle a bad system
Even free kapusta is expensive kapusta >:(
But learning Czech is really difficult for non-slavic speakers, so I would not recommend you to start with it, unless you really planned to stay here for more than a year, otherwise it's just a waste of time really.
When they started they weren't all that bad, although I dislike the guy who runs the party (Mach).
Yes, I did
They'll plan their infrastructure even as an asteroid is falling on the planet
As my grandpa always says, alcohol brings people together
* bouncething (odrážedlo) - push-bike
Who says we can't live on sea
€31 monthly = 15GB data + unlimited calls and SMS
Like burning in fireplace versus burning in the boiler
After a cue do not repeat everything
As a result, in some regions and cities, the demonstrations that led to the Velvet Revolution started as movements for better environmental protection.
Go visit it now while it's not overflowing with foreign tourists, it might be once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
I still get the water from the tap just because it is faster to fill a glass/jug due to faster flow
Moustache only got better after like 2 and a half
Or it's more like a friendly competition of who's better.
Also, people considered "important for economy" were not allowed to be deported.
Except for (awful) carp we make for Christmas
It seems to me the other way around personally
Jako to, že tráva posiluje paranoinu té situaci moc nepomohlo :D
Some Prague residents are kinda arrogant about being from Prague lol
But it makes sense since y'all have a fuckton of gas
In Germany you only have lights on during night /dark
Oh wait
Here it's handshake for everyone
Also that thing is 19 meters long so unless you are near to him, he is not going to hear you at all, he is locked in his driver booth and there used to be a pictogram sticker saying "do not talk to driver" It is probably still there
makes sense :) so basically same as middle east thing, W123 240 Mercedes outlives anything else except Toyota Hilux/4runner
What would two speed EU even mean?
Even more now without the international tourists
Probably the smell of knedlo-vepřo-zelo, a czech meal
Oh, not again
Can't decide between President and Prime Minister
That's approximatelly where Lusatian Sorbs are.
You can always give a debt relief while demanding some new measures like "copy Denmark's tax system".
In other words, my mileage varies by quite some margin
I hope they will make it
EDIT: [Lol] someone put there a translation for the other meaning
What the hell is up with downvoting these kinds of questions?
What's a flat toaster
In Poděbrady (eastern part of the Central Bohemian region) there are many historical buildings, but because Poděbrady is a spa town, you can fing modern architecture as well ( like the [train station] [art nouveau villas] [Libenského Kolonáda] and many others)
I don't even know how this works for these religious nuts here
And I am glad it's like that 23°C max is ideal
> Čínská republika
There is zero reason to think French or any other European national language will disappear
Kuřim --> I smoke
But hamster (křeček) is much more [interesting]
I feel those fanatically anti-German oldtimers are mostly former Commie apparatchiks or people whose conscience about the post-war events isn't entirely clean
No annoying declension and diacritics, forcing you to type everything manually and slower than in English
this one should be sainted or a capital renamed after him
Pączki are the best
Have we read the same statement?
Day after the election, he said that the best possible coalltion would be the one with - you guessed it - ODS
Most hated country is probably Germany
We oversimplify the most important bits
Wenceslas day is the same day as Czech Statehood day
These are divided into other dialects (depending on area)
No reason to be so negative all the time :)
cz also have amazing touristic maps with all any pedestrian needs to orient themselves
I got married recently and we got many, many questions when are we gonna have kids
none of the cities are extremely expensive, that being said they're all tourist destinations in Western Europe.
Ta nejednotnost v číslování je někdy k vzteku - Karel IV
EDIT: The only thing that I *don't* love about the region is that I am an obvious target for all the street peddlers, so in some places I can't walk five steps without someone trying to sell me something while trying to make smalltalk
But he is no hero for nowayas Austria
For example during the week before Easter Monday, children in villages used to go around village 3 times a day with noise making wooden things (řehtačky), and they used to sing religious song at several locations in the village (usually where cross or chapel is located)
Exactly, which makes me think, what makes th rest of them so...unfitting modern day era.
Building low quality infrasructure and pushing countries into debt traps
(In Zlín at least)
Bavaria has nice beer and all that
The Auschwizt camp, to remember that cultural heritage aren't only things we would like to have
hm this week I may go to PL, I'll check it out
Edit: For anyone interested:
But in almost every village you'll find a landmark of some sort - a calvary, birthhouse of a famous person, a memorial to the fallen of World Wars
They're just hedging their bets, probably
Or Maďaři (Hungarians)
Except youre not just pulling the trigger, not if you want to hit
FB messenger, Slack and Skype for Business (unfortunately)
It is rather embarassing
He was hero of Austrian empire for sure, of Austria of that day
Yeah, I would legalize it but penalize driving high as a kite
Lodz moment
Full disclosure my mom is Slovakian and father Czech, I have no horse in this race
But you have office together with Switzerland
And the web is
40, most students had many after-school activities and would rather cut the lunch break short than stay even 10 minutes later than necessary in the afternoon, so teachers would sometimes make informal adjustments of the schedule in this direction
I've been to Bílá Cerkva
Either Merkel changes the laws or AfD gets elected and changes them for her.
They are people foreign to the place they are in, governed by others and with traditions and social context mauled by the new situation beyond recognition.
The main problem with tourism in Prague (and maybe some other Czech towns where it's mostly foreign tourists wealthier than us) is locals being priced out of real estate and rents and everything being owned by foreign "investors". Which obviously isn't a fault of the tourists themselves, it's happening because of missing regulations, but it's no wonder that it makes the majority of locals, who don't benefit from tourism much at all, quite salty
I live in Hradec, Czechia, the most bike friendly city in the entire country
Thanks
How many of 2 billions of muslim do you consider "modern"?
I don't think most people are really salty about history anymore, but the Soviet occupation of 1968 is still a living memory for some
Then probably Spanish, that shouldn't be so difficult.
Anway, for Slavic languages mutual intelligibility I recommend youtube channel Ecolinguist
Czech word for vaterland/rodina is "vlast" as in vlastenectví=patriotism
Perhaps as a way to travel in the event of apocalypse
Hey fellow Czechs
[Ex- Prime Minister Sobotka]
Germany's open arms policy was imo pretty foolish.
Was the place easily accessible by public transportation
Just cause the EU exists doesn't mean every country not in it has to recognize their laws and treat all the countries the same
We’re good with just ours
I really hope to go to Vienna on Erasmus
Yeah, you're right, embarassing
But then there are weird people who server it with meat
most people I can see are using some kind of trek/mountain bike
But why
I guess never
1% of GDP of whole EU is an abysmal number
> a concrete block which weighed the same
At 14 we got a new English teacher who gave us a test to see our level
Be it dirty neighborhoods, useless monuments, annoying tourist districts - you name it.
2) Has a huge medical potential
Same works for Android, unless you want to use just app which came with phone you will end up at situation where new app will simple not work with old os due lack of features of old os
I have no idea why we picked Hungarians for this
Yeah, but to Czech, Austrian German is somehow closer
And if there were any issues it was mostly coming from the vietnamese parents who wanted their child to be with another vietnamese only
I'd love a Mi-24 Hind in the garden just so, but I dont think the Mrs would let me
Prague is too, and has handled the situation much, MUCH better than Amsterdam, with a much friendlier layout that has entire streets being reserved 100% for foot traffic
That being said I think that just the fact that there are so many protestors proves that Romania made a big progress in the development of civic society.
Oh wait
God i love Czech beer
Because of  population density there is a lot's of gas and water pipes and power lines under ground and new planted trees roots can disrupt public utility networks if they aren't sanctioned by local authority
Also, I have heard how Spanish people start working late, but it is similar like here
I'm thinking about moving abroad for a couple years, depending on how I perfect my German
Every single one of them is pronounced differently
Sometimes I feel like Czechs are almost trying to foreigner-splain the German language to these people
These parties are in the lower chamber of the Parliament (with results in the last election):
“skopčák”.
Congrats
Usual answer in pubs when ask "do you have k." is "no, we are lucky, we don't"
Like the rest of our government
Depends
She stopped to say that
yet theres plenty of kids growing up with only single father (without mum) who are just fine.
the president: would utter a one liner
Thousands of people die from air pollution every year
That would work in the US, people fear the government would abuse the registry, i dont think the fear is unfounded
irl never, the accent is just a too obvious hint
State co-owned and regulated insurance companies and insurance is mandatory, paid mostly by your employeer
What's even more shocking is the fact, that the elites have a nerve to backhlash EU in by them owned tabloids to distract attention from the real sources of the issues there.
not understanding text
Hockey and football trade blows depending on national teams' performance, tennis is probably third
And even renewables aside, the Greens have plenty of crazy policies in their program that would wreak havoc if implemented.
You are being wholly disingenuous by attempting to portray the KSČ as a sympathetic force, with the backing of a great many enthusiastic Czechs, only responding to attacks by hostile political opponents
Yeah
And while we're on the topic of schools - "státní maturita", an attempt to standardize high school final exams, started in 2012 and has been quite a mess ever since
To be fair France is trying to use common defence and military for their own political gain in Africa
Which took place after Lithuanians had accepted christianity, no
Over here anti-gay people mostly don't use religion as an argument, they more so say that gays being in a marriage is 'unnatural' and so on.
At least I've never heard of a similar phrase in Czech
It wouldn't and that's part of the joke.
We call it "patička", literally "little heel" or "Hacke".
if we are racists, then I don't know what Slovaks are
Some generation ago it was even common because they had only 8 years of "základní škola" (elementary + middle school), but we have 9 for some time now
AfD is the party of reason in the madness of the refugee/illegal immigrant crisis.
I really like it and would love to see a few minor tweaks
While *CHKO* (protected landscape areas) allow for "unrestricted" turism as long as you aren't damaging the environment.
spain or Portugal, northern part, warm winters, Pyrenees (Andorra and all that skiing stuff) couple hours of driving (less than tree from Barcelona) And if you are from south us, you should already speak Spanish :)
People simply associate Romania with Romas, hence the dislike.
It's one of my favorite foods
Sadly views like these are becoming increasingly rare, all we now get is fog and mud.
And thanks to our amazing (by pre-20th century standards) pension system, you don't even need kids to support you in old age.
What
Czechoslovakia stands strong
Eastern Europe
And that's basically it
More like ANGLOPHONES vs
Most Westerners would follow the money.
We don't use pritel/pritelkyne but přítel/přítelkyně and it is Czech only.
No history we are aware of
It's more of a vendetta to Swe gmnt for their anti Israel stance.
I was talking about old politicians like Klaus, Zeman etc
We finally have glorious sea
Lot of people still don't take it very seriously
The absolute majority of people my age will laugh at you if you say piracy is an issue and the absolute majority of older people don't understand the problem at all so they have no issue with it neither.
Hello there, taky Čech
Supporting Assad is imperialism
I think the top folk should stop watching North Korean news, it inspires them too much
Also the [pasy] riot gate
In general I think there isn't much anti German sentiment, definitely not among young people
Is Europe-man ejaculating Sardinia
I’ve also started German two months ago and I find it easier than French
I wonder if there's any symbolism to it
If it is dangerous to step out of the car for you during pull over it is dangerous for the police to step out of the car too.
Here's a recipe that sounds pretty classic to me -  (replacing the pits with sugar cubes is one part of the recipe I've never seen in Czechia, my grandma just leaves the pits in, but this sounds like a better idea)
Just the fact you have some special license for selling alcohol and it splits into "when" as as far as I know default is not 24/7 is complete weird to me.
But thanks
WW2 is actually two separate wars at the same time
No way
How can anyone support anything free
but we don't have enough testing capacity either, our positivity rate is 30%
Sorry no ř means you are no competition :p
this guy plays EU4
. | Singular CZ | Plural CZ | Singular PL | Plural PL
That is why
FINALLY
Of course not in the case there were just one or two of them
** It is almost non-existent
Regardless of what comes out of his mouth hahah
I know block of flats, or better say areas, in Prague build in late 50ies, where almost every block of flat has its own shelter.
Please don't, it's a shitty name and were try not to popularize it
As a result, in our high school, everything with English phrases was banned (like t-shirts, pen cases, bags etc)
Crazy how we use almost the same words
And I don't think we have any of those here.
- Like we all without specification or we if there's at least one man or only we men and it's clear from the text
EDIT: The irish "slender R" is in fact quite similiar to our infamous Ř :)
And how could the US even do that?
What sucks is that if Turkey leaves NATO, a Russia - Turkey alliance will quickly form
But 18 % is still damn too high.
Not really, Czechs and Germans get along pretty good these days I'd say but whenever my dad sees a group of Germans he says "The fascists are invading again
(even though it serves similar purpose of stressing out that you're talking about a particular thing)
Käse = Cheese
Unsurprisingly the side that lost patience and attacked lost
our relations with Austria have been historically meh.
But finding a good manager in Poland seems impossible.
If nothing above kills you, you die of amyloidosis some time after 100
Probably because a) you can't see shit at that depth and b) it's not a straight shaft to the bottom
Otherwise you can get 2-3 smaller appartments in big cities for that
I meant, that some UK citizens might be into relocation into the EU, so the office might help them with that.
* cars kill 25k people directly and 400k people indirectly from pollution every year in the EU
thats what I thought, but I put those two things together (since its a part of "the country" to me), but you might see it as two separate things?
Penultimate position, Craiova
No bullshit
Somehow I happen to like Icelandic and Norwegian
yummy
But I know WAAYYY more people that don't smoke
It's not because the high makes you want more drugs
Blb vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč.
BuT WiThOuT tHe SoViEtS aLlIeS wOuLd HaVe LoSt ThE wAr !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Czechia was 8th economy in the world before socialism and communism influence
Vitus Cathedral in Prague - a part of the Prague Castle
Deport their asses to a remote refugee camp like Australia does and let's live together in peace again.
Ruoti FIN
Eastern flank of the EU and non-EU countries like Ukraine
If we could manage this while leaving EU, it would be best solution
I see we have pretty much the same look on history haha
Like I said, this is already tested heavily in many countries.
76% of people don't agree with change of currency to EUR.
If you know what to look for, you can spot the dominant facial/body features
Reflex is vulgar right wing journal opposed to government
For example, to remember dusík, we just said "udusíme (we're gonna choke) N(disliked teacher with N-name)
Because screw these brexit lads
Generally they're going to ask you for ID if you look like you could be under 18 and they want to make sure.
The other parties in government, seeing what was going on, and informed of the Soviet support of popular militias int he Country, resigned en masse, hoping that this would force new elections as the government lost legitimacy
It's pure love from our side though <3
this made me laugh so hard my helmet almost fell off
I'm very surprised by it actually
Reminds me of those four geocachers getting swept away in the Prague canals two years back
Now I need blueberry ones :(
> The one we copied from poland
Can't speak for other people or even other countries, but my family's experience with gypsies involves multiple burglaries
No spitting, No littering, well...
Orimattila FIN
Also, every story gets many variations and some pieces are taken and made into another story so you can find many other kind of similar
After the menopause in women and sometimes as early as the puberty in men, the body starts accumulating too much iron, which eventually can lead to heart attack or stroke
On the other hand my baby is frying in her stroller poor thing
I don't understand why Italians travell abroad at all
yeah and then this snow thing
Oh we had navy
On the other hand, we mostly trust the relevant state authorities and they trust us gun owners, I wouldnt trust your authorities
You’re fucking dead, kid
Last year they said that Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 was "help"
No, in the cities, there's only mosqueitoes
You have great herring
century
It doesn't matter if it's done by private or by public companies, it's happening and that's the problem
By 1929 it cost way way waaaaaaay more to put down the various revolts in Portuguese colonies than any hypothetical colonial income brought into the state budget.
^Yeah, ^let's ^put ^it ^that ^way
1993 when Czechoslovakia split
Yeah, that sounds about right
So we have numbers 0-5 in the elevator, but on the stairs we had 0, 1, 2, 4, 4, 5
But history is written by victors.
A good one that is united with top of the line hardware that money can buy on a reasonable dime, plus the largest nuclear arsenal in the world.
These have no equivalent in medieval African empires.
I went to Italy quite a few times and it always surprised me, that many of the people I spoke to had better german than english
> Není to náš rozpočet
I don't understand the occasional re-emergence of the Schuldkultur, as people today have not that much in common with the past and think they shouldn't be penalised in any way for it
have to try :) for distance reason we usually visit "something around Gastein area" and due to near border with Germany you will never encounter this in sauna
The most widespread dialect on the other hand is Common Czech (*obecná čeština*), an interdialect based on Central Bohemian dialects which evolved more or less separatedly and which gradually replaces regional dialects
Not in that sense
Can't you resist the search anyway, and then the uni can decide whether to terminate the lease?
Many European leaders and EU officials have repeatedly condemned Putin for his behaviour, it's just that the war in Ukraine is on for some time now, whereas Trump coming to the office is fresh, so obviously it will get more attention of the politicians and media.
Are you saying he doesn't mind all the media attention he gets because of prolonged process?
I know right
Nobody can explain why it would happen and none of the euro adapters actually saw statistically significant increases in pricing after the transition.
Because screw these brexit lads
Yeah, we just mention the religion in history classes or in social science classes and quite briefly
/38
Not if you're a Hussite (vozová hradba intensifies)
Many people have grown up in this value system and it's something to hard to shake off for some, especially for the older ones.
I used to dread Easter so much
People are financially conservative.
If it is not some pure Russia military device it will be coupled with gps.
The importance of English will again decrease in the future as the US loses its sole economical and military superpower status
"Robot" - this Czech word it's quite used here
why am I not surprised about the sub.
Like, I'm supposed to get beaten with a switch AND drenched with water just because I'm a girl
Language can be wild
They do have to agree which surname will be their kids surname when marrying though
Is it actually used anywhere or is it artificially created to be the longest word without a vowel
Number one in beer consumption
In all of Europe, I’ve seen one semi-religious billboard
We don't put anything between thousands
Thanks for the post
So it's, "put a finger through a neck". Very basic to us but a nightmare to look at
It's a thing, but it's dwindling
It becomes a transcendent entity, i means it is out of the Universe :-).
(2) The Czech Republic shall observe its obligations resulting from international law
Přeju dobrou chuť.
Not according to [Cambridge dictionary]
Let's note, that this article is taken from the czech version of Daily Mail.
Let's see if you manage to keep it in the future :/
The problem is, "American" media are now everywhere.
Not common
Black Sea regions of Turkey seems quite different from the rest of the country.
She is also saying things like, there is now relatively high temperature minus 11C° (don't remember last time were it was so cold, I nearly haven't seen snow this winter but I don't live in the mountains)
I mainly use English on daily basis on internet, almost never write in native language there, plus, when I'm in Germany for a long time, I mix up Czech, German and English
From where you ?
Frogot that
Yes, then it breaks the concord, same in Czech
It's understood as a cheaper variant of cheddar.
Cola is a kids drink
Most of the well known sights in Prague are from his era
I am able to watch 18 channels in three multiplexes via DVB-T for free.
Novák's daughter will be Nováková) and at marriage (Mr
only twitch kids will get this one OMGScoots
Czech communists created their own interpretation of history, in which the villains have always been Germans or Austrians in some capacity, and at least 2 generations grew up with these narratives
British musem is more of a kleptomanic exhibition
or go a little further and show how we only went from one totaliarian regime to another
>Except it would be infinitely easier to get a gun on the right market than right now
We should rename to ,,Lands of the Czech Crown"
To clarify for others, the names are Jan Lucemburský and Eliška Přemyslovna in Czech
Except sushi/salmon I strongly agree
In Czech it's 'zhebni' and 'zhubni'
>Im Jahr 1934 legte Ferdinand Porsche auf Drängen Hitlers die tschechoslowakische Staatsangehörigkeit ab und nahm die deutsche an
My friend, with whom I was staying the first couple of days, cured me of that illusion right quick
Seeing a guy next to me driving a golf cart I'm pretty sure I'd feel richer sitting in a Corolla
Záleží co seš ochotnej tolerovat jako chleba
Some people would say that Transinistria (which is an autonomous republic in Moldova) is *the last bastion of socialism* in Europe, but under the layer of its flag with hammer and sickle lies a corporativist state
There were also portáši - the ones who fought them on the side of the law
It sounds cute
I know a lot of Czech people that absolutely hate it, but I like it personally
That when you resort to terrorism, you are not going to gain anything.
I ment it for Czechs
Ich bin ein beach bum
Nationalism and Fascism are not things exclusive to Hitler and his Slav-hating fans even thought their train of thought parallels his.
Being male is harder
can't we have our own financial city/cities?
after all you have many youtubers and prominent media constantly talking about US politics, which are much more entertaining than those of European countries (maybe except UK and Brexit) and USA is just so influential it's good to be interested in their politics aswell
But it obviously depends on time and restaurant
> this mapy
For Czech, it's
You know not everyone loves travelling as much as you do, right
Andthe feeling that the european idea is more like "i'll help you but only if there is something in for me, too!
Haha, while I see it in the similar way as UK, I'd love to hear some opinions of fellow Americans how they view European systems (there's too many)
Dracula, Dacia, Transfăgărășan
Losing some money is better than encouraging aggression of fascist states.
At that camp we would wake up at 7 am and after a swim in a pond there was a morning report and raising of the flag
Yeah, I know that one isn't *exclusive* to one country :)
Russia is clearly breaking the international treaty with us but the bones in a landfill are not a direct result of our removing the statue 2 weeks ago
By electing Le Pen now, when she has rather small number of supporters, there's at least a chance that some of them will change their opinion of her during her presidency
_Kolonizace_ is a modern word, while _kolonisace_ is archaic
Good bar off the square
> I find it a bit annoying when I see women with shaved armpits in films about any time before the 70s though
You can't even drop bombs on those guys.
Now or the next winter
Speakers of other Slavic langauges tend to have a much easier time than everyone else, obviously, but their accent will always be at least a bit recognizable
You don't need any special gear (hell, I was walking there with flip-flops and jeans) or skills/training.
I lived just behind the AT border in the 80s and I am sure to have seen all the austropop videoclips in Wurlitzer.
If you count only post 1918 history this might be true but our country history didn't start in 1918
You just need to stab randomly
they are also strong with home security systems.
Instead,  it quickly gained support of the Czech people and the first republic was a relatively sucessful democratic country until 1938
Don't speak to me your weirdos, I don't know you
Well there were slaves and "prosperous" slave trade, for example during the era of Přemyslovci
If we're going for a more relevant answer, the year 1918, you could say that it was the proclamation of independent Czechoslovakia, which would be later ratified in 1920 and 1921
I also didn't find any source for your claim of Germany opposing a quota system.
"Džon mejd his vej tu a tavrn tru d dark foryst, only tu fajnd aut det hý forgot d many
Voicing assimilation is different in Bohemian dialects and in Moravian dialects.
Notice a lot of the rape stories come from places like the Middle East, Latin America, and India?
Of course, a person's name has a negligible effect on one's qualities
Not that there is anything wrong with it, I just don’t see a huge difference
Because they want our sovereignty
Yes, especially the teenagers were mentioned during the legislation, but the situation used to be quite ridiculous for anyone who didn't really want to drink just beer.
Illo FIN
Or when you still see instances of people having Nazi confiscated Jewish artwork and wealth (like the art dealer who's father got it from the Nazis
Münich fucking betrayal and then 1939 and Poland
I might be a liiittle bit biased
Second is not only we try to scout moral code, we try to introduce the God and stories from the bible too
Well no one wanted to cross ....  the Finish line
This question is often asked in this subredit, so I compiled some of my answers together:
It was snowing but didnt lasted more that Hour
Only very few companies pay 13 payments.
in smaller towns, barely ever, because the local left scene has very small presence (while nazis from all over the country came to demonstrate there).
Yeah but other people would build houses to meet this demand.
Very dark is the other side, very dark
Without looking it up, I vaguely remember reading somewhere that they were probably laid down in the early 19th century
**Prague:** history and architecture, tons of tourists, arrogant, expensive
- source: the Australien Government
The only way I can tell I'm in Germany is disappearing of speed limit on my navigation
Both of my friend's grandmas are Germans who never had to leave because they were either married to Czechs or considered essential employees
I also remember there was some controversy about a renovation of the Charles Bridge in Prague, like some people thought it was badly done and damaged, but I don't remember what the conclusion of that was anymore  You can barely keep track of all the nonsense in this country, honestly
What I expect is that instead of assuming what someone means by anything people can just google stuff in matter of seconds.
but we don't have enough testing capacity either, our positivity rate is 30%
What is the strangest destination where people go to spend their Erasmus
But since they're so much more wealthy they also have a lot more things to spend their sweet sweet dollars on other than children.
Everyone who had power or money spoke German, except for Jesuits.
everything that saves time
Are you sure
In Czechia, we've got a strong tradition of camping a [tramping] in nature.
It's just some migrated elswhere while others stuck to their mountains.
Well, no matter, I am sure his sheeple will still continue to vote for him.
But Czechoslovakia was independent only formally (1968 invasion and 20 years of occupation)
except strengthening of national safety by the US bases
in winter
* John
Both are thumbs but the toe is called feet thumb
The cultures are similar to mine, the language isn't that hard, living standards are higher according to some lists
And also a hint of smog (looking at you, industrial cities)
This is actually arrogant populist idiocy, because if somebody tried to attack him, also all people in the tram would be endangered
It always amuses me to see CZ on the standard WE x EE division.
normally, I avoid everything that is not Hellman's... any other Polish food tips, outside of krowky
> Shooting somebody is also less risky than stabbing somebody especially in gang attacks as you can fire at somebody from a safe distance away
And I thought Palačinky came from Italian.
What do you mean that it wasn't hacked?
I know our Government was constantly complaining how the distribution of the money was being based too heavily on unemployment numbers (we had almost problematically low unemployment prior to corona), even after the EU adjusted it to be based on a few other factors as well, so it might just be that the extra regional development funding was thrown in to shut us up
Iran forces helped Iraq in fight with ISIS a lot
The underground here is exciting and scary at the same time
Corruption exists but is not strong enough to spoil it for us, the same goes for bureaucracy and politics.
some words are hard to pronounce, because, there isn't one way to pronounce them
Oh jeez
It seems very nice on paper, but it would be such a mess if this becomes a reality.
Novák and Mrs
The worst thing about this is that there aren't exactly few people who agree with it here in Czechia
The former, I suppose
And where I live, it's not even a topic that would be heavily discussed.
“Czechia” makes sense anyway, but just personally I like Czech term “Česko”.
It's currently 23° and I am pissed
If other countries in Europe were just as strict, we could solve today's immigration-related problems by simply deporting anyone caught abusing the state.
Oh and he's still our prime minister, noone in this God forsaken country seems to care
Very
There is a bunch of those small villages in 5 minut ride by car/ 15 minutes by train kind of distance around Pilsen, where this kind of money would easily get you 350-400 square meters of house, plus another 1500 meters of land around it
cold 0 and less
I remember that there was only a yearly one and that my colleagues planned crazy routes to circumvent it
Us too with just with Slovak instead of Norwegian
The second one wasn't a horrible cook and she took the "no corn or pineapple on pizza" thing very seriously, but she liked it with french fries on it
I really like it and would love to see a few minor tweaks
Please can you post examples
Wait a minute
We have parliamentary election too next year, but it looks like not much will change and no far right party comes even close to getting into parlament.
And also canadian with first 6 words
I gave up totally, it appears that no one is using the schoolbook "le for dative, lo/la for accusative". Some always use le with people, in some cases I failed to find any logic behing the usage at all
We were usually not alone but together with some adult or someone in 15-18 age but not giving us any help just stopping us doing something really stupid
But the most important reason why Olomouc is that it would insult Šalina riders
Okay, try to follow:
Fake "rum" made from potatoes
It's usually soms foreign gypsies
But doctors and hospitals might be an issue in the countryside when getting old, especially now with Covid
It has probably not much to do with your appearance
The one that even after 19 years you laugh so hard you have to hold the iron bars
I don't think you understand how big an investment it is for resource-scarce islands like Cyprus to import expensive fuels
Definitely central, I'm sure most people here noticed Czechs can get upset if someone calls us eastern europeans (not me though)
It happens in Czechia as well
My words exactly
And there is also some metaphor there I believe
Last sentence of the first paragraph of my original comment:
My son's pediatrician, she's a good doctor, she has almost 40 years of experience, but she is "pediatrician and homeopath". IDK
For example, the river Ponávka is going under the city and parts of it are accessible on a boat
[This] is a perfect example of czenglish from our former prime minister
They aren’t meant to be broken, outsmarted, cheated or plainly ignored
For example, the abduction of his own son to the Crimea or making life uncomfortable for small business owners
Wow you can read
She told me once that if i said "i don't know" once more, she would give me mark 5 for every "i don't know" after that and 'deal with me' this way, so glad she isn't on the school anymore
Tell me about it
Because they want our sovereignty
I mean, painful, sure, but you probably have more serious injuries at your local metal band's moshpit.
totally depends on who is on the shift, but as I am allowed to fly and sit at row 0 my perspective is a bit different
Fuck you for having power, fuck you for not wanting any responsibilit, fuck you for working for the government, for beeing employed, for beeing an employer or for not having a job at all
But you can never tell after like 2 or 3 weeks
I like the Finnish one for the same reason
**Christian Democrats** - this leaves me with this party, which I struggle to put into one of the above categories
mate
> I am trying to understand what their fucking problem is
Have they seen the news this year
He is the PM now
Juncker wants to kick toxic decisions back to national governments.
Thousands of people stand in queue for hours to see our coronation jewels for few seconds
But I hate when I look at my rear mirror and can't tell if that car is parked or driving
The ever-present Trump jokes
No doubt
Poles were the third most active party in Iraq for a reason
It is almost unbelievable how many religious motives and religious songs are in early 50s CS propaganda movies
But we don't make nearly as much as you
But I hated it so much because of the personal meaning "our dad made up some stupidity he won't finish again and we end up home the whole summer working on something unnecessary he wants while he proudly and openly proclaims buying material for his idea is so much better than trip over the border, since he as truck driver was already there anyway".
Eastern Europe
This is one of the things that bother me about English the most . In my language, there's a very elaborate set of rules of how and when to use commas between words or sentences and it takes a lot of efforts to master all of them
Watch Prague honest guide, they’ll inform you the best
Of course, killing a lot of people with a gun is easier but, if I understand it correctly, most murders in the UK are actually just one or two victims, right
Read my comment again
It's unfortunate, but France has history with similar "political empowerment" in Quebec.
So how come there were people building their political careers through the christian party itself
This is hideous
Seems like in Germany and central Europe they have more of a concept of a national ethnicity that we dont have.
Celebrating death of a person is pretty shitty act.
Yikes
It would be worse than the first one
what happens when you piss off a nation as stoic as Czechs?
And 170m € for italian economy and budget is really nonworthy.
you just got banned from r/pingpong
Namibia asked to be 1st in Africa and Romania wanted to be at least in top 100.
Except I wouldn't call the Prague Spring of 1968 a revolution.
what my fellow golem might be referring to, is the "academic-left" echo chamber that the Brussels ansamble seems to be enjoying.
Hey it's good for language practice :D Where else would german teachers worldwide find material to fill up lessons.
So for example: 1 201,55€ or 1201,55€, we usually split thousands if the number is long
time for some appfel struddel, recht
My work contract allows me to use office equipment for personal purposes "to reasonable extent" and in law-abiding manner, with one specific exception: I can not use it for watching porn, even out of the working hours
Španělská vesnice (Spanish village) - Something you are totally unfamiliar with or confuses you
That kind of sucks, but it's nothing I won't see in my lifetime
Ahoj, mé jméno je John
I don't think it would be at all, unless that country was China
And he already claimed he is going to be creative with interpreting the law after next parliament elections
Ironically, they were vehemently protesting against its construction back in the 2000s or so, though
Like what on earth would you do with the
Plus I get paid for doing occasional stuff for their company, so it's not like I do it for free
Type to yt: pejskové se koušou
This is very true, poeple in cz love to talk about the "live and let live" yet they obviously treat you differently when you dont conform to what they perceive as "normal". I guess it just makes them feel better about themselves when they say it, they dont live by the statement
Really strongly identifying as "an Atheist", you know, like the kind of people who have to rant about how stupid religion is at every opportunity, that's cringy, but also not uncommon
Now they are just cold and depressing
questionable mnemonics
But yeah in general, Czech is considered one of the more difficult European langauges
It's very comfortable from the temperature perspective
Vamos a la Slapy
Fun fact:The only army of the Warsaw Pact that didn't invade was GDR's because they were worried that it may remind people German's occupation from 1939
In Czech: "Ty jo, už mi zas volá." "Kdo ti volá?" "Serruti
close all universities focused on middle-east, fire all middle-east experts, we have solved it.
I know all that, but the situation sounds to me a bit like Russian soldiers being "on vacation" in Crimea in 2014
Suddenly in a year we experienced a biathlon boom that still hasn't ended till now.
However I have to call you out on one of your "positive points":
"The Czech Republic
In my final year one semester will be intership 4 days, school 1 day
Yes really
Everyone in Egypt wanted a photo with me
I hope the curriculum will change for the future generations, as the recent history is equally, if not more, important as the 'ancient' one
> high speed rail is a staple in Western and increasingly - Central Europe
Not only they speak with funny mexican accent, they believe that "coger un coche por la mañana" is wrong, and one should "tomar un carro en la mañana".
Examples being [Paris in 1896-1900] [Jerusalem in 1897] [New York in 1911] and [Stockholm in 1913] a lot of them are from the Lumiere bros
191litres/capita/year
You know, having Labe right in the middle of our tiny country makes this division fairly uncomfortable.
So just because it didn't reach the catastrophic levels of 2015 it's not that worrisome?
Tunis - Berbers, Carthage, Started the Arab spring and came out of really well off
**Slovak:** Basically everything
It's terrible, it gets stuck all the time
Cute, I'm going to call it štrůdl from now
...from his book "On the Nature of Things".
However while speaking I use the long version more frequently
They already fucked us over once, I hope they won't do it again.
"Are you hungry
neřekne z dost jasných důvodů. Když o něm mluvíme jako o českém králi (jako v tomhle kontextu), tak bychom technicky měli
We have 4, two of which are in Prague
Also i changes pronounciation n->ň, d-> ď etc
Out of five good emperors, only Marcus Cocceius Nerva has not been mentioned so far
I don't think that it's anyone's fault :) I guess that the EU directive you've found may have been adopted on the EU level, but hasn't been implemented in the Czech law yet - or something like that, who knows.
I usually alternate between Witcher and Sims screenshots
do you know when this was enforced last time?
Here's a picture of our prime minister eating one
I like that you can see the Alps, the Tatras, the Czech mountain border and other mountains
Because in the end, these statues are in Belgium, not in africa
Not even a roll
To import virile young men from 3rd world countries?
Looks like Germany is [fourth]
Refugees from the Western Europe?
The only real interactions between Czechs and Slovak before were limited attempts to spread religion, so much so that there was a push to make Czechs to be the cultural model for Slavs living in Northern Hungary
Only got girl so far tho :D
[Relevant gif]
Usually whole classes of high schoolers go to these courses when they are 14-16
(Also pinging /u/onlinepresenceofdan)
I see a lot of Levi's t-shirts And sweatshirts here
Should've added a middle finger to the Russian flag too, tbh
234,5 CZK
And how do you want to solve this issue
I would say large organizations that like to tell you what to do too much
It was August, by the way
byste is Conditional mood which is often misplaced with by jste which is plural would be
When you are driving in CZ your lights have to be on all the time (during the day, during the summer, etc)
Poster only cites Iceland from 2016 data
Czech restaurants have "denní menu" or "polední menu".
For one it barely works, and secondly it's stupidly easy to abuse (both by people trying to get copyrighted content trough the filter and by people impersonating IP holders)
You don't even have to make up jokes
it's been some two years (?), who knows how much money they burnt, if it helps...
It's the tourists who get scammed so the locals don't care
Not everything the West touches turns into shit.
1 is enough, it will be a business trip so I will see just airport and hotel anyway
And I think they raised it to € 11,700 this year so it's even more
[here i am, studying the European law, hanging out with those two lads among others]
The same goes for the printing press
In the Czech Republic, you got 75 % discount on buses/trains if you are a student or senior
I assumed "titles" means subtitles because title being translated is alien to me
Did you just assume he assumes anything?
They do sound different, which is probably why Polish or Russian people have an easier time understanding Slovak
I expected a time traveler story :-(
Also, "kolej" means both a rail and student dormitory, I don't know why
Austria no lockdowno
A hromada knížat
Just in case anyone is interested, [this is the spot on Google maps
that is my secret I am always dissapointed :/
I'm sure Israeli companies would benefit from increasing trading ties with Sweden.
Hell, I wouldn't be comfortable with a person from a different part of our country, let alone a totally different country
Yeah
Dang, wish I knew that sooner, when I was visiting
Kazakhstan home of the tinshein swimming pool it's length thirty metre ans width six metre.
There are approximately 10 millions of Syrian refugees, 6 millions inside of Syria and about 4 millions abroad.
Are you a fan of silencing people with different opinions?
Hmmm, one of my friends had a similar job, hes a designer
Articles and so many verb tenses.
But there is nothing wrong with using just some narrow simple sentences, it's an easy way out how to avoid dealing with this
I would go for another solution
As for myself, nothing
I miss boring 2012 and it's "21.12.
It might have been an unthinkable idea for most, because the Austrian empire was something that lasted for centuries and there was also a history of Czech revolts that ended really badly, so it's hardly strange that people were not keen on repeating that, but that doesn't mean that most Czechs didn't want an independent state, it just means that they didn't think it was a realistic thing
It's harder for them to profit, to hide corruption, to make environment profitable for themselves and their circles, they are more limited, their incompetence is more obvious.
bilo je bice
Two things mostly, non-Americans are shocked when they learn that people can and do carry guns in the streets, and quite a few people are shocked by how good and horribly unhealthy Czech cuisine can be
> is very rare to have a house stay uninhabited through winter
To be exact "Rakousko-Uherská Říše"
But they don't bite
One of the biggest factors for higher female unemployment and lower salary is long maternal leave.
never thought about it this way but it also makes a perfect sense
I traveled daily in regional bus and two city buses and
But why
Pączki are the best
It doesn't really make sense to always use the full name
, it's also very easy to practice
I have some friends that are religious, but they keep it to themselves and don't bother others with it or anything.
Your government also apparently hates satire, immigrants and East Timor
If I am not wrong you refered to that   Groß/kleindeutsche Lösung thing
And ended up just getting his license and guns legally in Norway
In Czech Republic people from  Ostrava are going shopping to Poland
It's more of an "sh" sound, isn't it
This is actually good news, it means your economy accelerated.
Really happy that it looks like they are launching next year (hopefully there won't be delays).
In the 20th century, the A-H empire was an dysfunctional, unreformable, bureacratic entity, unable to come up with a sustainble solution for their minorities
oh my god yes, *Bramboračka in bread* just seems so impractical to me for anything but touristy stuff
I always find it ironic, when some politicians in Hungary, Poland, Russia etc say, that countries in the west are collapsing, while the flow of migrants goes from their countries westwards.
This topic is about resistance fighter who fought against Nazis during WWII.
Sure and then 400 years of Austria (Austria-Hungary) :-)
Seems kinda harmless, people supporting his party tho
To be honest, it's much better when they have proper label on them (not like some ex-Communists didn't "defect" to other parties, but that's a different story).
Yeah because UK left the EU
Logan's run book was published 5 years latter and the movie 16 year latter, but the 60s was a fountain of inspiration in general
I feel the need to correct people if they say he was austrian, I feel the need to correct people if they say he was czech (/bohemian).
The people, the nature, everything
There are still differences between us
You have to spend the free EU money somehow
But Brussels is in the Western Europe.
You can hear British laughing to memes in distance
But I could be overestimating here
Thats because most people have been taught to fear and hate guns with passion, most Czechs just dont mind
Teramo FIN
Not OP, but I think it just shouldn't expand past Europe.
They are not plowing deep enough because it cost diesel - better to get subisidies and throw poison around
and I'm able to pay with the Euro
One in France, one in Spain and one in America oh yeah and also few ones in Czech Republic
I don't say that often, but I'd like to thank the police in Prague for an excellent job during the demonstration (closing traffic to enable people to leave easily etc
Just another day in France
In czechai they are for quite some time
Yeah, i feel safe now
Kick Turkey out of NATO, put EU talks on permanent hold, denounce through UN
>Radio Maria also exists in other countries
I, too, have no idea which one they mean
They pay for the living in said hellhole for you
I couldn't really care less
But his actions weren't reported beforehand, so the president's office got charged with a fee
Former Soviet bases either fell to disrepair or were repaired and used as housing or storage spaces
That we will find someone other for scapegoating than Gypsies.
I am not sure about this but due to pretty good relations with Russia I don't think it will be hard to obtain S-400 from them
Its not pretty, but it will happen even in much better hospitals simply because they are overcrowded
Definitely central, I'm sure most people here noticed Czechs can get upset if someone calls us eastern europeans (not me though)
This shit is exactly what they were always fearmongering about
We already have something like that for speeding 20 km/h+ in a city or 30 km/h+ out of a city
Stop blame colonialists for African powerty and wars.
souds like Kristelnacht beta
Son of Saul (2015)
The Russian man, Vladimir Poopin
Grandpa had 1st gen Panda, drove it on a field few times, funny thing
and that we converted Poles and some Baltic tribes?
They took the necessary steps to build the state in a viable form and even though we took big hits in the 20th century, we are still here - as an independent nation, in charge of our own destiny - thanks to Masaryk
Five young people were shot dead
I still wanna know who killed Václav III
These constumes were never worn daily.
The thing is, they really believe that and most of the soldiers who participated in that are firmly assured that they did a good thing
So how is milk in Japan
Well, thanks to you I have a new city on my bucket list
Maybe Medvedev in Obama putting pens into their pockets synchronously
Greece - Řecko
Maybe credit the author next time
oh boy
Idk, just a thought, but what about no alcohol in blood while driving
the way Americans pretends taxes doesn't exists (ie not displaying prices with tax) is just funny.
But when I think about it, I'm pale blond with blue eyes, almost all of my furniture is from IKEA, I don't really like people being close to me
Well, the quickest train I found is 2h 26 min
I bet you've got plenty of stories to tell
No, I'm not saying that, I'm basically saying that Max Martin achieved a great feat, but it's short of godlike
Not just any film
All of them (with the exception of 2015-2019 they weren't that terrible), since nobody really cares about Eurovision (except me, but I'm weird AF)
But hot spot is Slovakia, Germany, Russia, Czech Republic and Probably UK and USA
I mean I'm more republican than a monarchist yet have no big issue with them
Percentage of people that can speak English?
Mohuč = Mainz
We call it "Kolín nad Rýnem" in Czech
Parts of other countries, namely Slavonia (Croatia), Vojvodina (Serbia), and Transylvania (Romania) are sometimes considered parts of Central Europe as well
It is one of the best payed jobs you don’t need special school for
The colour scheme always looked weird to me
Look at the USA, they are bad in languages and geography
thats quite OK
>  What I'm used to is dumpling and hard boiled egg
Travel to eastern Belarus and ask people there what they think about opposition
All restaurants and pubs are obliged to offer at least one beverage (at least some water) cheaper than beer.
But they will leave in few years.
Why would Czechoslovakia, the Soviet Union's **ALLY** need to negotiate that
Prague, CZ, 20 minutes by subway
A good butcher here sell some meatloaf in a bun, globus (german supermarket chain) have this as well and that's more or less all
I'm open to discussion maybe I just see this in bad light but compare some ethnics and you have answer.
yeah it's similar to German: die Kurve.
I was at a café in Vienna and talked to the waitress in English
Oh, they've introduced this law here as well, recently
Our US competitors haven't been launching stuff into space since 2011.
The best frenemies
Is the city really that bad
Yet king John of England is always translated as Jan
I'd say
Kind of a shock, if you ask me
It was also decided to return them
I don't usually go for the brooding type, but Estonia is kinda doing it for me ngl
Our people aren't obliged to spend their free time educating themselves on the complicated affairs of international relations
* Zdrhl krt skrz drn, zprv zhltl hrst zrn
On the contrary, you very likely could apply for citizenship!
If anyone has any
Yeah, they are definitely more expensive, which is probably why few houses have them (my parents have them, because they consider the plastic ones ugly)
It links to Eurostat data that I already filtered so that it only showed Germany and V4 countries, that's why I said number 1 - because I already was only counting Germany and V4.
We need a truly decentralized platform where people (and yes, that includes Russian and Chinese web brigades) would be able to share disinformation, fake news and other questionable content without any government intervention
billion = miliarda
No, that would be super weird here
You should drive with both hands on the wheel though
Not only was he drivig crazy fast through mountains, he was also high
1  ≈ 1
I dont know why people who have kids doesnt have this basic idea how to teach budgeting to their kids
I can't even imagine anyone violently rioting in the streets over reforms, that just doesn't happen here.
Sadly most people dont want to think about these problems
Yeah man they compelety fuck us over, both of us
Whole centre of the capital city of Prague
Netherlands: A nice contemporary legends conference in Amsterdam
it's not free in Germany, though (unless you're on the "hopelessly unemployed" status HartzIV).
He (and the chamber of deputies) can make laws and stuff
But no, you keep them
There are probably going to be significant changes later this year when the European mobile roaming will be de facto abolished by law.
Wish we could do more for you
Or was it the Krčmaň affair, where the Communist party in 1947 attempted to assassinate the non communist Minister of Justice, Deputy Prime Minister and, Foreign Minister
EDIT: As for why, obviously higher purchasing power is a big factor, but also the quality of public services, real estate prices (Czechia is insane in comparison with incomes), and more progressive open-minded societies
0 in 2017 for Poland, 11
I claim that using the Ottomans to justify being wary of Muslim immigrants or refugees is moronic and shows you know nothing about history, but sure, deflect some more.
They are using (copyrighted) image to parody something else
Yes I guess so it is somehow this way, remembering filling naming papers for our daughter and they were quite strict what you can fill in (but lot of things can be changed later, like father form of surname etc)
It is fast, comfortable, and environmentally friendly mean of transport, and it will increase quality of travel for both locals and visiting people
Good distinction
scattered over asthmatic/ TB sanatorium just to be a jerk one more and last time
He definitely sounds more like a classical populist - lots of words, not much meaning behind them.
We mostly don't do that either
Day after the election, he said that the best possible coalltion would be the one with - you guessed it - ODS
It's actually Hungarian or Romanian and kind of a tourist trap, because they're popping up everywhere tourists are, claiming to be genuine Czech baked goods
No, give tax breaks to people with children equal to their expenses on taking care of their kids.
I love everything from Remedy Entertainment
"random", i assume the filters are also just random :-D
The best links have CDU and SPD.
Well, social mobility was, compared to middle Ages, higher
Is it normal to eat rabits in your country ?
It IS quite controversial
Western politicians inspired and supported their "maidan" coup, Ukraine ceased to exist in its former borders and collapsed in a few regions.
I'm not some huge patriot or something, but after travelling to many capitals, Prague is truly one of the most stunning - especially in the visual kind of sense.
So we sometimes forget you are there too
Prague, 7 minutes by tram or around 20-25 of walking.
I expected a some woman appliance
here in Germany it's impossible.
Also S and Z
Also, when we were in poland with my school, one of my classmates - a russian, had no problems and even spoke russian to older people who didnt know english
Because then everyone's gonna want to leave
What I personally hate about this European identity is to see how people, who we call here "europhiles", fetishize it
it means economy is okay, booze is cheap and women are charming.
They are talking about concrete blocks of flats - like [this] not apartment buildings - like [this]
We have a tax break of € 43 per child
You wouldn't argue that Canada as a country was only born in 1982 (as it was given complete sovereignty by the Constitution Act), or that Russia has only existed since 1991, would you
What people in r/de think so far
From my understanding Bernie wants Medicare for all with virtually no private insurance
So I was really surprised later when I found you really have national broadcasted competition how to spell words correctly
You have the winner, no doubt
> I love Europe, because I am European
You can look into their culture here /r/FifthWorldPics/.
Not to mention the perks of living off of German food and Polish booze for a week
That means there must be someone using those abandoned tunnels for God knows what
My mom still has few years till retirement and it sucks with our 1 year old
There's no dark side
One cultural difference I didn't expect was him being so staunchly anti-religion (I'm atheist too, but in a more neutral/passive way), despite still being Catholic on paper, and that definitely has to do with French discourse around the laicity principle
But you can get single slices in pizza stands (like [this] or [this] they look similar to kebab shops or there are combination of these that sell both pizza and kebab
If I rent a car in Stuggart, would I have any problems dropping it off in Munich or Berlin?
For example, „Jak je
Many programmers really love this about the Czech keyboard because it is really simple to write {}, <> etc
Getting a gun license is not much harder than driving license here...
Czech
With Brexit, the only border between EU and UK is the "border" between Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
We don't really go into much detail.
That doesn't protect you from anything at all.
Prague, Krakow, Tallin, Ljubljana, Dubrovnik, Budapest, Porto...
I was teenage at the end of his second term.
3) Do not argue that not liking gypsies means the person is a racist.
cz ;) Google maps look terrible, they are only good for driving or finding reviews on restaurants
We have them here too, probably not as common as in Sweden though
> formerly part of te USSR
They are romantic/soap opera (Rosamunde Pilcher, Danielle Steel)
TIL, thank you
How about vicinity of [Ural mountains]
As usual as for women
It probably depends on how similar their native tongue is to yours
Of course, the own house is better.
Are you thinking raw beef perhaps
It’s a really beautiful city
Would be nice
I might be ignorant here, but what exactly is wrong with this
When was the last war between Barcelona and Madrid though?
You raised them wrong
How
Literally translated it does
For example four years ago I took a trip to Katowice (Poland) to see a movie in IMAX theater, because I really wanted to see it in that format and Prague's IMAX theater (the only one in Czech Republic) wasn't playing it anymore
Islam is a theocracy in which only Allah rules and Muhammad is his only valid messenger
Did you explain that to her
Czech Republic and Slovakia, at least our languages
There should be massive focus on the external borders of EU.
VAN
They did it in WW1, they did it in WW2 they'll do it now
Praha vs Brno already is a thing, so let's add to the fire
Himlhergot, I can't remember any
[kurvítko] — a component which assures the planned obsolescence of a given good
That was until I visited Karviná for the first time last year
I visited Russia last year and you know what their reaction mostly was
Villamo IT
(It is largely regarded as an internal issue of Spain
USA is terrorist country
Pilsner (beer, Americans quite liked there thanks to historical events), Karlovy Vary (spa) and its surroundings, Prague (beer)
When you look closer, people have the most liberties they have ever had and it's the local politicians again who spread false information and complain the most.
Ok, bye
And since his election is US economy doing pretty great.
Same in Czech Republic
It's okay, I feel like it's not as rich as Czech language but that's probably why it's easier to learn for a non-native speaker
You can buy a great, tasty beer in a Prague pub for 1-1
To me (from a monolingual country) it surely seems like a lot you're doing for a fairly small minority
For those that didn't read this correctly: This **ISN'T OPINION POLL OF THE PEOPLE OF THE NATION STATES** but of MEPs of their respective countries.
Could the best course of action be to ignore them, at least publicly?
Oooh
Don't see why some programmers or even doctors should have problem - I personally know one doctor with piercings on face and sleeve tattoos (tatoos covering whole hand)
that was part of my young years as well, probably any summer camp had some game like this one
Ústí nad Labem: Poor, Dirty, Industrial, Weird People
7 for Germany and 11
I like the living standarts - living here is cheap, but we're developed (it's somethink that you can't see at most countries)
[This is what winning looks like]
The only way to get Doritos here is to go to a special shop like Iceland, because they sell stuff from the UK
The guy it was about said that he didn't originally believe in racism or the Nazi ideology, but after he lost his girlfriend years ago, he was so desperate and felt so betrayed that he wanted to find something to relieve his desperation and anger on
I understand keeping it illegal doesn't really help anyone (except the black market)
I thought Hussite Wars took place after Bitva na Bílé hoře in 1620
He is seen as patron of Czech people
Nothing about us as a nation
That's beautiful
Too many to count in Prague, lemme think of something
I am trying to understand what their fucking problem is
We do this as well
I have nothing against leave voters, they have made a legitimate choice, but I would not like to see them cherry-picking.
My ass hurt for next few days
Search for the Slovak one here - the Bratislava picture is the most famous in regards to 1968 Warsaw Pact invasion
God, I wish just everyone finally shut their about porn
Half of the scientific and research satellite infrastructure
I don't see a reason to get upset about one cathedral getting partially destroyed, Germany got hundreds of similar buildings bombed into the shadow realm and they built them back
Central Europe (Austria, Eastern Germany + maybe Bavaria, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Hungary, Poland)
Who dat
So I always wanted to say Slovensko, logically, as Slovenia at first
" "Cože? Ty ho neznáš? Ten Ital
the best building in Bratislava
Destroying Rechkanzlei is probably the only thing 14 aircrafts can do
Joj mamo
The fact is that many companies take one product, make it two different ways and then they send the worse and cheaper one to central and eastern europe while they keep the good stuff in Germany and the rest of the western europe
Some would say the act itself was justified, since majority of Germans living Czechoslovakia before WW2 worked pretty hard to break the country apart and basically acted like a 5th column for Hitler, but the atrocities that happened during the deportations certainly cannot be justified under any circumstances.
My French is definitely not great, but I'd like to think it's not *that* bad
Ja pracowałem w Gdańsku :) Pozdro z Berlina!
I live in Prague and in my apartment building we used to celebrate it when here lived kids
Das ganze tschechische Volk ist eine Simulantenbande
There is no anti-immigrantion propaganda in Europe in the media.
To give an example from my country, our first Czechoslovak president, Tomáš G. Masaryk, and our first Czech president, Václav Havel, were both great philosopher-presidents that, despite all the problems, kept hope in people and brought our country closer to the West
There's also *nepřizpůsobivý* adj.
To be honest, if the EU enlargement was today, Hungary wouldn't be accepted in the current state.
he would fare worse if this happened in the US today
Scotland is Germanic only in terms of dominant language (even though Scottish Gaelic still lives on).
nope, they don't want to have anything to do with us.
I’m from trmice and actually trmice look great (i’m not saying great like great but it looks way better than for example ústí nad labem) but most people when they think of trmice actually think about a part of ústí nad labem called předlice but if you look at trmice i don’t know of any part that actually looks bad
Or better, thumb beside feet
Five years
I dunno 'bout this raiding thing
We split decimal places with comas and we don't always split thousands but when we do, we do it with a simple space
The data is from 2016 and I am pretty sure it got worse
I think I even use French wikipedia more than Czech wikipedia
Pokud nepočítáš nekorunované, tak je to František I.
Our region is getting better everywhere, all the time, and I can make it even nicer in 700 different ways, and that’s just with my bare hands
The figure is called Morana or simply Smrt - Death
Did we get the Czech Corridor, for a bit easier access to the sea
Only in case you meet someone with the same opinion as mine, which may be not that common tbh
I didn't know that, good to know
never had a need to change it
There is no fair comparison between Communist Czechoslovakia and today's America
Lunches are paid for by the company and since you included healthcare, that as well, although it's not really a benefit because it's mandatory
That sweet vocative case though
Maybe one day, they tell you they need a third one for a game of mariáš (a card game for three players) if you wanna join or if you've got a skill to offer or an interesting story to share etc
Beer was known to Sumerians in 4000 BC
By eastern Europe I mean the post-communist states
Airbnbs flats are already changing to long-time rent, and rent prices are decreasing
Throw them out of the windows
Also to disentangle some of the above names which I know:
Tři sta třicet tři stříbrných stříkaček stříkalo přes tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech
Truly just cultural enrichment
Don't you have the policy that you can start paying that after you start making certain amount of money?
Former Soviet bases either fell to disrepair or were repaired and used as housing or storage spaces
holka modrooká nesedávej tam
The family ended up fined
- million = milión (the same)
"Belka" and "belch" don't rhyme at all
Users should be allowed to upload and make available content generated by users for the
In CK2 and EU4, Bohemia, for obvious reasons
Beautiful name
He was the secretary of finances during the 2009+ economic depression
lmao
Oof
He is called his mom a Hungarian Ho, so that is like double the points
Damn that classico one sounds cool af not gonna lie
Same for Macedonia and Moldova for me.
Sounds like you've never worn a proper face mask in public transport, during a hot day
Complete secondary education which is necessary for universities takes at least 4 years so people starting with universities at age 19-20
luckily, most Americans are not aware of the existence of my country, and if yes, they only remember it as a one-day stop in their Eurotrip that included "*a lot of beer*" and "*the really old clock*".
In freemium, ehhh, probably
McGamerCZ, a Warframe Youtuber
Kick Turkey out of NATO, put EU talks on permanent hold, denounce through UN
Prague is a different beast, everyone is used to foreigners
At the time when he was alive, I can't think of any other Nazi leader apart from Hitler and Himmler who had as many important functions
It can last until 26 if the person is studying
Yeah, quick google suggest in 2010 we had 147 Tescos (although that includes even small shops, not just the huge supermarkets)
It's a representative large city in the middle of Europe with a long history of being the imperial capital of HRE.
Or, are you prepared for a million or two new refugees when a new war erupts there?
After the constitutional reform in 1968 which established a federation, the separationist sentiments in Slovakia were lower that ever.
Standard czech layout is seriously fucked, and even if it weren't I still need letters not present there from time to time
and yes wallets, keys, phones
Jammers were disabled so you could tune in to Polish TV and see some boobs or Hi-men cartoon
This is a great picture
I guess, I've never actually seen it, I just really like the gif
Illegal migration for sure
I mean
I thought he was still hanging around, like the last fly of summer
No one likes people who isolate themselves from the society with expat bubbles and districts where the native language is not spoken.
Yeah, well, maybe it's not, but it probably is
One of my most favorite dishes
I personally believe that the vaccine is likely ok from medicinal point of view
Did he do anything brave or special that I don't know
It's called Svět podle Daliborka (The World According to Daliborek) and it's semi-mocking them, but there was one thing that struck me and I found it quite interesting
what about USA between Canada nad Mexico?
He was called the butcher of Prague for a reason
Džon mejd hiz vej tu e tevrn strú d dák forist, ounly tu fajnd aut det hí frgot d many
Hello, naming myself John, gladly you familiarize/acquaint
Only low income group have these
> You can give your child any existing name, either Czech or foreign
Ahem
Because in the end, these statues are in Belgium, not in africa
Sounds cool :) But no, seriously, I don't actually mind how you guys are making your kolaches, I was just joking.
Polish Catholicism is in fact contradicting Catholic Universalistic principle.
First of all, the people have the best information available to know, what is best for themselves.
Then I was cheated haha
One of my favorite foods that I haven't had in like half a year
Except this time it will actually be true.
If something doesn't work, let's blame EU.
My cheeks looked empty until like the third month
Every search query counts (I guess lol:D)
I wish they were European military bases but I don't really mind them, certainly better than Soviet military bases
I would have to use a phrase to describe something that has just one word in English
And you know, nothing against Nazi puns and jokes when the context allows it, like for example when reading a funny news story about Germany gaining a bit of territory due to a slight change of a river course, this is when an Anschluss joke is pretty funny.
Please visit r/anarcho_capitalism
No clue if it has any specific name
Well they have alredy send the [Real...]
) and he had our flag on the wall of his room) or if you have it like decoration in some not crazy way
However if you manage to get to us and befriend us, we really don't care about anything mentioned above and we will gladly drink beer with you
Who was that person and what planet were they from
Facebook sucks
Same - model making, manga, Japanese music - Japanese everywhere
Second foreign language is added later and can be chosen (Russian, German, French and sometimes Spanish are the most common).
exchange is the word you are looking for.
Also Slovenia is like our small forgotten twin
It's not Czech but Slovak
“What do you mean ‘first world war’?”
Good luck with anxiety handling knowing that your 1000€ bike is secured outside just with a cable lock
It was quite the topic back in the day, since it's just across the border
Der frenc, in najntýn ejty nájn, áftr velvet revolúšn in ček rypablik, aj helpt es studnt rebyld soušl demokraci in aur kántry
Try to contact embassy of any member state of the European Union.
There is much more
A chinese female tourist taking a piss near the escalator leaving the Můstek metro station vestibul
Its quite common as a gift to give someone for example 1 year subscribstion to UNICEF
Where's the all powerful CIA and other intelligence services when you need them?
And as you can imagine from historical reasons, the trust in French military and diplomacy is very very low in a lot of countries
In the morning I prefer warm milk
From a cost perspective, buying a small trailer is the best
[Mushroom picking
Or as others might say: Just think about the sentence and word from word translate it
Damn
If they want plastic card, give them debit card
I just asked for the normal plain milk chocolate bar, but of course got different one, oh well.
"Malovat čerta na zeď" - to paint a demon on the wall, meaning being too pessimistic
Already in Slovakia in 1946 a near supermajority (over 60%) of voters voted for the Democratic party
Well, I didn't even notice the typo, I don't think it's necessary to delete it because of that
We also do have the distinction between adoptive and foster parents and yes, there are children who cannot be adopted and can only be placed in a foster family because their biological parents still have some limited parental rights to them.
It lasted two days before somebody did a terrible hate crime of
these games out of boringness can turn into bloodbath quickly (Balkan should know best)
2 World War left people not wanting to see that again.
And if you don't close door, it's "Do you have a tree in your ass
Haha, i feel this
because they dare disagree with the Government's actions or policies.
There's definitely clusterfucks.
From what I've heard, Bavaria is closer to Austria than Prussia, so it makes sence
Turning in a few days
They all have some weird grammar rules here, but you begin to understand those rules some time around adulthood
Effort "making world better" performed by leftist idealists led to catastrophes like Bolsheviks' rule in Eastern and Central Europe.
or stranglers
shitty copies of Martini / Cinzano, 2.5 EUR for 0.7l (10%)
Czech + Slovakia + Poland = 55 million.
Nope
GommeHD
I counted the one on flag of Antwerp on the greater version
[Hi icegrillz.] Your [submission] was removed because it broke a rule.
Pověsim tě za uši do průvanu (i'm gonna hang you by the ears in the draft) - said as a warning to kids when they don't want to behave
As we say: "je (to) výjimka tvořící pravidlo"
We see it as horrible behaviour, but when society is on the bring of collapse, people can act unreasonably, with no empathy and cruel.
Would be nice
I can't agree, I absolutely use "kurva" as a general swearword equivalent to "fuck" and rarely use it in relation to a person
Máj is lyric-epic composition written by Karel Hynek Mácha
>zona vigilada
I think I’m going insane
I'm not afraid of Trump, panic about dismantling NATO is silly, but if you are buying fighters, you expect them last more than 10 years (eg F22 is now in service 15 years).
* Svatý Václav (Saint Wencelsas)
But we go further
I'm a cat person
Veeery good
Also, I assume most asked imagined a Roma person under "black person", but that's just a guess
Went there and passed out unconscious, woke up soon enough in my shower cabin and thanked God I was sitting
The ones near most legií (in Kampa park) are there permanently
Džon mejd hiz vej tu uh tavrn frů d dárg forest, only tu fajnd aut dat hý forgot d many
Also drink named the same way
should I edit my first entry to "except france" :)
I've seen one by some cult, not sure if it was by Jehova witnesses, but definitely by some weird christian cult
Who were these people
When spoken, the understanding gets lower
Because they got a lot of emails and now all the webpages are asking them to accept cookies, to which they just click "yeah, collect everything about me, go on
The central planing is in principle a bad system
It originally started as a common activity of Italy, Austria, Hungary and Yugoslavia (when it still existed), so it was more of a Central-Southern European initiative, focused on the Balkans.
There are no pools in Prague which would be accessible from balconies
No, he was doing this to his own people
The totaled cars are sold to Poland and repaired
Step 1: strip them of citizenship...
I'd just like to add, if any of you guys have a complaint, suggestion or just need a friendly shoulder to cry on, just drop us a mod mail.
Some are only hunting, some sports, some professional license (policemen, security people...), some self-defence, some collectible purposes and so on.
Because in Czech Republic we have lots of books and movies about that kind of creatures
* UA: Дякую
> H does not exist, don't let it distract you
Hulín (Blaze-town
Speakers of other Slavic langauges tend to have a much easier time than everyone else, obviously, but their accent will always be at least a bit recognizable
Well at least we drink the most beer
I've read something about Antonio Banderas bringing the cloaks back some time ago.
Yeah we're beyond fucked
I guess since I don't live in a large town, stopping by the post office is really not a huge issue
What sort of fish would you recommend
I percieve it more as "I don't feel comfortable/I feel weird" in a sense that it's just not my day, I didn't slept well etc
Fatty plaques start accumulating inside your veins, and can eventually block them and kill you
I will add grad - hrad difference to my vocabulary.
You wouldn't troll here, If you would have visted the amazing towns like Gouda, Delft, Haarlem etc.
Depends how long I am outside
Aluminum is still AL (in czech Hliník)
, Havsburgs, Austria Hungary, neighbouring nation
I'm a little worried for the future.
The ones around the historical center are mostly old cellars, some of them are as old as the gothic period
We have no duty to retreat either
Greece - Řecko
There is no trash on the streets of Warsaw, no homeless people, great schools with modern technology
Do not thank the audience for objects thrown on the stage
Yet, lots of Serbs go around whining how the west wronged them, they only went genocidal in defense (nobody wanted to play Yugoslavia with them anymore)
Pepa mostly, then Franta, Béďa, or Karel are typical male "stock names" in jokes and anecdotes.
it's very dangerous (no railing, old as fuck building etc) and 2.
I could eat nothing but Svickova - if it was not so god damn calorie heavy.
Each country trying to outdrink the other 3
Nowadays I fully approve of the tighter checks, because I certainly don't want to sit one table ovee from the likes of 15 year old me in a bar
Tunis - Berbers, Carthage, Started the Arab spring and came out of really well off
You always have to change your shoes when you Come to school so you have a place where to store your shoes, maybe clothing for PE
Accomplishments of Wermacht idk about that
This issue can be avoided by buying the ticket well in advance
Climate change is real (imho btw acording to the Milankovitch cycles, which are usually the main excuse of denyers, we should be getting colder nowadays, really doesn't seem like it, maybe global warming is a thing after all
If I remember my history correctly, the 1870-1914 period was pretty uneventful.
Adeline is expected to cut flight cost only by 20 to 30 %, not enough to be competitive with SpaceX.
And why should we show his face?
Mostly Ukrainians, Vietnamese, Russians and Chinese.
Never heard of it
I blame my pancreas
Sometimes it is
That's a Japanese trying to say _l_.
You know we're already in some deep shit when they close the pubs, the next step after that is probably cutting the food supply chain
You usually live in tents and do a lot of fun actvity stuff while there
Be quick and invest in /r/metalmemes now
unreconstructed socialist nonsense
What the fuck
Exactly, no such thing as accidental rape.
It's kinda crazy to see all those people, now dead, living out their lives over a 100 years ago
I traveled Prague to Copenhagen by night train it was fine
It's not as if membership in the EU entails automatic subscription to ideological multiculturalism or whatever
But to add some of them and not all doesn't make sense if you talk about all changes
Czech point of view, mine but most probably also majority one:
Lots of high quality booze, goose and sweaty socks
WTF, do they still use commie addressing in the army
At least once, and mostly by accident
He's playing it smart and just feeding lunatics all around the world with even more bullshit.
As usual as for women
The list could go on
I have read an article recently that said these quota are only for people without university degree.
I have no idea which one you mean, but most likely it was us
Before him they were the largest one, now they may not being able even to get into the parliament
I am not sure if this word is popular in other countries
*To be fair though, China's constitution claims to protect human rights so
Prague and Brno, and even tho especially Prague has some problems with tourism, it still has it's own character only known for locals
I do not think his replacement will be as good
What would be needed to happen is National Revival
Hmm exact same thing from our hornbach is with free delivery, but looks to me they do free delivery of everything over 1500 CZK (around 55 EUR) if it fits into boxes
Its most important changes up to now were the 1997 establishment of higher territorial units (provinces), the Euro-amendment of 2001, and the direct election of the president in 2011
That is quite easy when you just add Republic on the end and are done with it
Parents take their small children to pee in a bush / occasionally also naked small kids around public pools
It was the capital of HRE for 9 months, whenthe emperor Rudolph II moved there because of plague
Funny thing is that companies say that they send us different products because they have to *adapt* to our Eastern European taste.
Jokes about german customers are then made very easy.
Later on, I believed in the Pirate Party for some time
The Great Famine was hell of a bottleneck.
Molotov-Ribbentrop pact was a final piece of years-long cooperation
sadly
Wenceslas day is the same day as Czech Statehood day
The entire continent
> supermarkets are more likely to accept debit cards than visa/mastercard
If the name is very uncommon, you may need to prove that it's actually a real existing name and get an expert report that states that
You can buy a consumer pyrotechnics in any supermarket.
Why, to keep the news entertaining?
Fried cheese is my choice when I dont know what to order in restaurant
Babiš is our prime minister and has a LOOOOOOT of controversies around him - investigated by the police for stealing 2 million euros, his past in STB(Czechoslovak KGB) and other stuff
Be considerate; reading is all Greek to them
We have it in Prague one as well.
His net approval/disapproval was over **40%**.
He’s hated because everyone thinks he causes the crisis by stealing the tax money
One of them rode through home village of other one
But mybe they transmit only Radio Maryja broadcasting and Rosary live from Vatican
I'm on phone so I can't give details and links but in general this is how it is.
It's not as if anything on the list actually concerns me in any way, but I find most of the changes unnecessary.
She won't have that much power, sure, but politicians, despite the popular belief, don't run a country
whů dů jů sink jů ár to korekt mí?
I call this truly determination.
EDIT: As for why, obviously higher purchasing power is a big factor, but also the quality of public services, real estate prices (Czechia is insane in comparison with incomes), and more progressive open-minded societies
Young people prefere "Česko", older say "Česká republika" and the oldest say Czechoslovakia
As a result many politically active people were thrown in prison because of their opinions.
I plan on moving out once I go to uni, but one of my friends, who is 18, is planning on moving out in about a month
Our political views and values are thankfully quite similar
Except for (awful) carp we make for Christmas
Eastern flank of the EU and non-EU countries like Ukraine
Also if you wanted to exit through first door and not being from these groups you would got first some death stare from driver saying "you want to use THESE doors
As a male with shaved head and pierced ears, I have never been rejected by a Czech employer
if you want to understand russian mentality, when it comes to political affairs, I would suggest [Alexander Dugin] if you want to know more about western approach, try [Francis Fukuyama]
I'm not sure how much the terminology is settled - in my country media mostly call them neo marxists, but in the US the older "cultural marxists" seem to still prevail.
I live in a town with a Hydrogen cianide factory, I would feel safer if we have just a simple nuclear reactor here
There are two main reasons I belive 1, church doesn't reform itself fast enough to go with the evolution of human society (antagonism towrds LGBTQ people, no abortion, no sex protection, no female priests etc.) 2, poeple are becoming highly educated so they don't need church as intermediary guide which intervene into their lives.
You mean Vratislav
I've never heard anything about him having the Austrian citizenship at the time he was born so I don't think people had citizenships back then
* From Slovak, and quite recent: "Mám v piči na lehátku" (I have in my cunt on a deck chair)
Many people know and recognize word by word any moment from the play when someone is saying expression used there
I think people more discuss if they should have a regular or alcohol-free beer with their lunch
See that’s what I was hoping for as well but then they voted for BoJo
Well Ostrava or Most would be more like Forge world
So my question is: Have you ever heard about Czechia?
Wrong
I think only positive thing is we can work together and help each other to provide protective equipment for everyone if state was not able to
Ah yes, the reverse Czechs
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch
And he is a christian himself, and anti-communist, so he is not very happy about it
Yeah, I live in Prague and even though the post office is not very far from our house, it's always busy and you usually have to wait there anywhere from 30 min to 2 hours
I don't want to nitpick here but isn't "fried" supposed to be on oil or fat ? Toaster will just compress it and heat up
If you're asking about why they shortened the name, probably because it's shorter
But based on your replies, it worked anyway
Andrej Babiš: The Bohemian Trump?
When I visited Brno, I remmeber being like: „What the hell
-Bratříček (political commentary)
I know it doesn't exactly answer your question, but we got married pretty young, so we didn't have any of that "settle down" pressure on us, but now that we are married people are expecting we will reproduce and that kinda pisses me off because it's not their business
Ah yes, fried cheese
Whenever I don't know what to do I just play one or more game.
How the hell can you afford this
u = next to
Kovy makes some of the finest content in Czech Republic
Definitely 90s or early 2000s. Would be very interesting to see time I spent my childhood in with eyes  of (almost) adult
About 20km from the city centre a family house on the smaller side
Any complaint filed under such mechanisms should be processed without undue delay and be
) we know it as Ostřihom, the one on the Danube across the bridge to Štúrovo, Slovakia
It really depends on your first language
Lev is pegged to euro (strictly pegged to the currency board)
A day later, still no direct answer...
One should not encounter any hostility.
Yeah
And named our potatos after Brandenburg.
They're convinced that they have everything under control and don't need to listen to any security measures.
They don't have problem to take money from the EU though.
Let the corporal ones stay as a play among consenting adults.
Is it worse than [this] though?
Curiously, one guy was killed by a crocodile in 2010, but that was probably a pet, since we don't have any wild ones
Also please don't call us Czechia =/
billion = miliarda
As far as I know, your windows usually just slide up
Most people don't even fill it in
Or do US bases automatically equal NATO?
Trust me, every normal Czech thinks it's bizarre as well
In primary school, every lesson needed a book, an exercise book a notebook and other shit like that
It's not an ugly city, but also nothing special.
I feel like it's better this way
It was to inhibitans of Berounský region and he refered to Bohemia as his ' beloved Czech homeland'. I can link you his letter, but it was written in Czech
Switzerland too
We shot ourselves in the foot with the loss of TPP.
Mountain
No one is ordering in grams here because such an accuracy is is impossible and demanding it would be a Karen thing
welcome to the country where only Slovak girls live, welcome to Slovenkia
Imaginary-Tramtárie-Tramtaria
Yup
Well, it doesn't mean anything similar in Czech, so really can't see how it could be considered offensive
The husitte revolution
Does your country have a tradition of sending children to summer camps
People who are neutral about it, or do not care at all, will likely just not bother answering at all.
Sometimes its real mental gymnastics
Technically, UFO is anything flying that you can't identify.
Oh, not again
I understand why many people don't like the idea of further enlargement, but I still think it's necessary to provide the perspective of EU membership to the Balkan countries, because it's the best way for us to try to encourage them to reform and improve the democratic standards in their countries.
The second one hits way too close home
There's a couple of cities underwater.
It is an american dish, not an italian dish
Underground (and other things big cities have) in Brno (the 2nd biggest city in the Czech Republic)
Now I drink only handful of times a year
It's basically a liquor made from plums (though it can be made from basically any other fruit) and tastes adequately
Isn't that on purpose
It's our secret plan
Several studies proved that small classes cause depression and anxiety for shy and introverted kids as they require substantialy larger amount of interaction from each individual student
Prague field trip
Monaco - basically just a casino
I somewhat guess splitting Serbocroatia would be a nightmare compared to splitting of Czechoslovakia
Edit: It all is of course mildly vulgar so we also have civil idioms :)
Not in all dialects
Germany annexed half of our country again :(
The problem is that most people would like to use JHP for self-defence because FMJ bullets suck due to deflection and penetration
Yes
It's like a hot dog, but the sausage is stuffed in a [roll]
You know what, I never thought about it that way
Is that similar to slivovice that we have
He wouldn't dare
If you think conservative neo-nazis (calling themselves protectors of european values or patriots) are not present in the west, I really envy your simulacrum.
- Do prdele
Yea boiii
kuala lumpur is what I want but frankfurt will be what I will have to
if the recipe says heat to 200 farenhait but you only know celsius
Bilo je junaka,
You can't tell anything apart
In Czech leanguage it sounds very simliar
Their attitude will further weaken them in decades to come and Russia will become more of periphery than is today.
Some guys from Chile was doing their world wide trip and lived in hotel next doors during their Prague stay
We definitely know way less than it would be good to know
Bilingualism could be a great start towards complete unification, as long as the second language is used elsewhere.
Ducks: quite common, readily available in bigger supermarkets
In case they need you to pull over in dangerous place like highway, they will use "follow me" light and pull over will happen on safe place like highway rest or fuel station.
There are more parties running, than those 7.
which asks for electoral support from all Czech citizens and taxpayers who want to change the current criminal situation of which we are all victims into its polar opposite
There are small muscles connected to every hair follicle, and cold causes them to contract, erecting the hair in process.
What's your favourite food from other European country.
I tried searching "large vietnamese" in bing with the filter off.
It sounds like you're talking about placeholders
My English teacher in high school was extremely old fashioned and boring, and the only thing that saved me was already being at B2 by then after I'd taken some adult courses outside of school (and you shouldn't HAVE TO pay to supplement basic education like that)
Monaco, though the F1 GP is extremely tempting
million = milion
Czech Television (public channel) has got educated weather presenters, other commercial channels have got usually former models instead, except MeteoTV which is a channel that broadcasts only weather forecasts and meteorologists present it there.
In the meantime it was normal school/ gymnasium
It's a very, very mild form of cunt (literally "ox") and it's used by most, if not all generations
Help us find this dangerous killer!
Because he has wood all the time
Completely lost interest after the first season
They might think you are a friend or even a local who lives there.
we went to mountain lakes and then fishing
Quite sure, I have spent a week in Warsaw and a day in Gdansk and Gdyna
With our dinosaur politicians though, I'm quite concerned.
PIE had dual, so all descendants had dual in some form
I find that the university is only there to give you a basic idea about a lot of things, but to be good at them, you have to use your own initiative
It's not the medieval ages anymore, people
So summer time sounds great
It was also briefly abolished in 1787-1795 during the rule of Joseph II
as a person with dual citizenship im happy that it's allowed :)
Well you mean like right before 1918
F*ck terrorism, f*ck 2016, f*ck all this f*cking "interesting times".
I like the colonial game in EU4 very much, and I enjoyed the tactic of exodus into America for the Basque, or for Brittany and Granada
It seriously disincenivises low-skilled workers from taking part in the economy
It the complex politics and diplomacy of the medieval Europe it was quite common
[their channel]
Do not drink for courage
I know a few people in their 30s who haven't retained much of any language from school, and they definitely see it as a loss they're trying to fix now
They'll plan their infrastructure even as an asteroid is falling on the planet
The great divides of wealth are only a thing in some Eastern European countries.
In czech:
Luckily no, nothing against politeness but I think hearing people yelling through the bus Thank you every minute would be quite annoying
He had citizenship of both Austria-Hungary and later Czechoslovakia, according to wiki, while on the other hand he spoke german...
It is possible to have it as out of school activity and there are few religious private schools, but it's not part of our public system
France made a huge mistake by allowing unskilled immigration back in the 50s and 60s, and now they're paying for it, big time.
I live in a relatively flat city yet there is absolutely no cycling infrastructure here and it drives me crazy
If they hate Erdogan they should give up their Turkish passports ASAP and fully assimilate.
Were not exactly gun loving, were freedom loving id say
I'd argue our oldest friend would be Poland, or even more specifically Silesia( + Klodzko, I'm not sure if they count as Silesia or not)
I bet he felt safe
* Kobe
No, they are pretty much the same language with small differences
It just doesn't even make much sense to me.
Some time ago there was an effort to introduce premium care in hospitals, but that caused quite an uproar, as people (quite rightfully I'd say) complained that best medical approach should not be something depending on your wealth.
That won't hurt you directly, but the ability to recover from brain damage is greatly reduced
Nah, the Bohemian succession law is very clear in this regard.
> deal with two unspecified with one uspecified
Kamizolka kuloodporna
He didn't change much, the western perception of him did
* Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk
jor velkam
cz layout if you use [windy
Thank you
Spray deciduous forests with copper salts, so that the leaves accumulate and draw carbon from the atmosphere
And probably many others
Atleast in the context of small vietnamese restaurants and such.
And as far as I know, we, Czechs, also don't use
In numbers if possible please
Apparently we have some 40 clubs, compared to like thousands of soccer clubs
Czechs speak Czech
It's a channel about Prague for tourists, but it's very interesting even for locals
I know for certain that they wouldn't agree to ban their usage, because they didn't and aren't going to
Middle ground between progressive views and conservative views
I think this should be priority
To Russia, the absence of Russian soldiers on the other side of the border could be an indication of a substantial enemy presence, sure.
Sometimes it feels like way too much
This principle was however also system's undoing
Austrian one was Erdogan fan as well as her entire family.
Things like political processes, refusal of Marshall plan and others
Around 11, we got a PS3 and none of the games had subtitles in our language, se we used English subtitles
we still hope they will one day just ....
Did he actually said that female representation is causing white genocide, or did you just made this up
The only people who are smug in Europe are the French.
Cheers to that
But it's only one land in Czechia
Russia sold them the resources needed for war industry and allowed training of german officers on russian territory
There is no need to be a special slowflake when we have much simpler name at hand.
Not common
And possibly minus WW2, minus Aussiedlung, minus communism,...
I’m from Prague and I’d take it back too
You can still have your guns for sports and hunting
Because they got a lot of emails and now all the webpages are asking them to accept cookies, to which they just click "yeah, collect everything about me, go on
/38
idk why but this question is so weird you asked that question like we were foreigners to each other
They were a very popular party, the 2nd Czechoslovak President Beneš was a big supporter of theirs
I just think countries leaving the EU hurts the West when you have big powers rising.
A lot of people here just think it sounds bad in English as opposed to Czech
Private health insurance probably means that the public one is not that good
Would it not be sufficient to protect Swedish as a regional language
*Pan* (Mister), *Paní* (Mistress) / *Slečna* (Miss).
Even though there are almost no muslims/blacks/jews in the country it still shapes the views of people against them
For example, the abduction of his own son to the Crimea or making life uncomfortable for small business owners
Oh, that's it
Definitly didn't expect us to be that high, but interesting on how that correlates with the recent crackdown by the police on PublicAgent porn
british tradition is eternal tradition
Have you ever confronted them to say that Spaniards are white and not Hispanic (Latino)?
I would like to complain a bit
If I'm working or walking around lets say 15C, if it's not windy
NOU JŮ
All people in regions hate people from Prague and the worst people in Prague are recent incomers from regions :-).
It wasn't even in a horrible dive bar, it was in a major club in my hometown
Great idea, but not the Habsburgs, I suggest someone from Poděbrady
Yeah Im in a village an hour from Prague and 8/12 houses have parents and their adult kids in them with their children, 5 with spouses
**Prague:** history and architecture, tons of tourists, arrogant, expensive
Sometimes, you have to choose the lesser of two evils.
• I heard there was a[ war in your country] I'm so sorry.
On privacy issues I would trust Facebook a lot more than any sneaky government official.
It's just convenient for now
Habsburkové ho nepočítali, tak se asi tak tituloval
You makes watches in Switzerland
It looks more like April/May than June - only two days with temperatures above 25 °C.
We had no female president in last 50 years, so our political system is obviously deeply misogynistic.
We also have that no music past 22:00 law, and it's enforced, it's kinda annoying sometimes but understandable
It will be disappointing if those nutheads manage to get into the government.
Except usual trio McDonalds KFC BurgerKing we have also Hooters which is probably most American experience here.
Sometimes Germany is seen as trying to push their views/interests through other means, for example economic means, but I literaly don't know anyone who would see Germany as a real military threat.
nope, just drinking
But this would be the general difference between countryside and cities where people tend to have more liberal views on life
I think he's making a joke about GPUs.
1945 - present
"Forefather Czech, God grant him eternal glory, was an ass
I’m not kidding nor exaggerating
Like ungrammatical, "folk" speech we use in informal situations with some words or prhases  the previous generations used more than us now
if you've seen posts from OP on this sub, you know that's exactly what he's expecting.
Hi, my name is John
I would mention the case when a man caught robbers in his barn
I think closer to the cowboy archetype for the Japanese would be rōnin
Brno is just a big village, as we say here in Prague
The one with the black slave is true tho
The Hussite Rebelion and the Hussite Wars
Most of its renaissance and medieval old town was torn down in the 19th century to make room for modern buildings and this progress continued later, so you often see Functionalist buildings in the middle of old houses
too bad nobody will ever fear glorious Czechia
The badassest job group in the history apart from mercenaries would be voraři - timber rafters, who would steer huge rafts made of tree trunks from lumber camps down the rivers to port cities to further process
I don't remember a single thing about PLC being taught at school except for the Jagellons, who ruled our lands for a short period of time
Člověk člověku vlkem, you mean.
Facts get twisted or ignored
Well, I was talking about stereotypes in general, including the mountainous areas and towns that were reliant on industry that did not survive global competition or got tuneled by old owners
I don't think people couldn't save couple thousands HUF per month.
Both sorry and soráč are very informal tho
One of my familys friend is a very respected veterinarian and his wife, a medical nurse, does bioresonance for people and PETS and she firmly believes it
^^^/jk
Wage a war against half of neighbors to get some disputed land, without functioning state or organized army
UK has dailymail, US has breitbart and Germany has bild, ever country has something
* [Vítkovo kvarteto - Pražskej démon]
\[…\]
I haven't saw it anywhere, I should look around
But some round up strategies are just plainly stupid
This is far from being available "almost everywhere".
There are no Czech companies, only German subsidiaries.
(and hospitals are intentionally kept at 100% capacity because empty hospital beds do not make money - only full ones do)
Why the "w"? I thought it's pronounced as soft l
Haha thanks :) that song was pretty funny, but really sad at the Same time .
It is somewhere illegal to pick mushrooms
Yeah, but to Czech, Austrian German is somehow closer
Germany: Visiting Bautzen with a local Lausitzian guide
Pretty much every major Czech politician is against "refugees", along with 90+% of the Czech population.
slušnočeši
If we look at the official monthly charts for August, there is no change - both songs were #1 in their respective charts
Same for Yalta Conference
The UK is so true
Yes, the sights are great, but the areas surrounding them are an eyesore
Then we had great lunch for a quite good price and while eating we were listening to the cliche Italian music played by busker
It was surprising to you that a Russian student could read Russian
It's all crazy how far ultra-nationalism and violence can bring the society.
German economy
Sounds like when you can also use anything else than "and" in english version, or or just single "and" would sound very odd is the case where you probably should use period, where the simple "and" do the job you don't.
I thought Hussite Wars took place after Bitva na Bílé hoře in 1620
I would also probably have already written several collections of poems forgotten by everyone else except for schoolkids who would hate me even in the 21st century for having this boring stuff in their curriculum
Also *de Guatemala a Guatepeor* is a nice wordplay
What
>!Seven: the front one, the rear one, 4 ends on the sticks, and the last one when you bring an end to it
Topic of politics is rarely mentioned?
Warszawo, stay strong
MONSTER BASED
Tusk obviously isn't some perfect politician, however he's doing a decent job at his current position.
They're specifically excluded
Actually, homosexuality was legalized in Czechoslovakia in 1962.
When the ATM detects your card is issued abroad, it adds a fee 2-7 EUR
Hehe, we keep postponing Euro so much there won't be aby Euro left by the time we're ready to join XD
Yeah Babis is bad for this country
This mechanism is used in modern wooden windows as well
Can’t believe I’m actually saying this but
I think I know my next vacation destination
What would they possibly do with it?
Basically
Congratz, you all die of famine if the borders are closed
Compared to Prague, Wien and Munich, I liked it the best, so enjoy your stay
Europe can very easily endure these arrival numbers.
Happened from time to time in Czechia to me as well, it made the early morning rides much better
they produce everything, mostly in the exact quality that the shop management ordered
That sounds less real than seeing a live unicorn these days
I live with my girlfriend and our 4 month old son, we almost exclusively cook at home, so we only spend about 120€/month
So, the local representatives vote there.
Security of the software you're using != privacy
the difference is striking
The owner of this building never tries to make it liveable, you are lucky if electricity and water is working
His statement sounds suspiciously close to being a praise, the very last thing a man like Fidel Castro would deserve, but technically he's right on every point.
at school English is a mandatory secondary language and a subject that starts when you're about 8-9 years old.
I've heard it from a plenty of older people
Personally I just kinda sympathize with the Scots for getting screwed over honestly
I scored best with like 98/100 points, which soon lead me to participate in language competitions
Absolute number is even more surprising, considering that all the other countries in top 7 have advanced military industry and nuclear capacities.
There were so many shootings in last few years I can't recall the last one
Or we will write some of them
Considering that most of Eastern Europe sides with the far right on immigration and clearly doesn't give a shit about solidarity
And it saves 20-25 minutes of time every day
They are doing it just to piss off Russians
I have no statistics at hand, but I feel like I know quite a lot of Spaniards, but none of them are in the STEM fields
I mean it is brined cheese, not your usual hard cheese, and it should not be compared with say Gouda
EU is marxist construct organized by Germany and France to control other nations
Our languages use the same words for sex and gender, so it's a bit strange for us.
Also - going where even the king has to walk
Yeah we have that,Mattoni produces it
You don't switch the TV from ČT sport
Russian chicks are probably more attractive on average (or roughly the same at the very least), the wages and life quality they can obtain through normal low-qualified jobs are lower, yet they're absolutely nowhere near our number
Is it beautiful so the architect can sell the plans to the king more easily or for the birds’  benefit or they had envisioned the planes and drones
, ale možná se pletu
But they also said that if something very important changes, they will call for another referendum.
When the EU came with its gun ban, gun ownership became a widely discussed topic even though majority of people didnt care one way or the other
For one it barely works, and secondly it's stupidly easy to abuse (both by people trying to get copyrighted content trough the filter and by people impersonating IP holders)
I don't wear sandals, socks or not and never been in Croatia by car or bus
So that's definitely not the reason.
I was always jealous as a kid, when I heard that school started at 9 in other countries
Personally I dont think it matters
Freshwater fish is definitely not unknown here.
But it takes much more effort than communicating with Slovaks
Yeah we have that,Mattoni produces it
I have no statistics at hand, but I feel like I know quite a lot of Spaniards, but none of them are in the STEM fields
Many people don’t know it
Medieval Warfare, crafts
I live in Prague though so I might be biased
Hey brother Slovakia, we are still normal, right
Such a terrible loss
) - said when you don't close the door
But I'm ok with people in everyday informal speech use -ly
I did not expect a Czech answer so high up
It's a service completely separated from fire-figthers or police here, *Zdravotnická záchranná služba* (Medical Rescue Service).
Orban or even your Kotleba have many alt-right supporters here
I came here to say this
Cetnici as that serbian death squad, Ustase propably means fascists (?), but what is Balije
But there's no declension, whereas in Czech you decline, conjugate and inflex everything, which isn't very cool (although it has its advantages)
Španělský
Usually it's more than enough
As you said, I buy bottled water when I need it on travels but at home
That sounds pretty universal
But you don't just throw them out, [never
Since when memes represent reality :-/
*Moravák detected*
Android would have had a pretty hard time starting as in 2009, it was still pretty shitty (even though in many ways ahead of iOS)
Things like political processes, refusal of Marshall plan and others
Then a girl saving someones life by just pulling out her Glock on a tram to dissuade the attacker
It's seafood so I'm fine with it
George on Říp), which are well preserved, but castles and fortresses were mostly rebuilt, but you can still recognise some parts
An old French proverb
Holy shit, the last time I was here it was Czechoslovakia
In the way that they saw all the details but were unable to identify the general idea
People have no connection to faith anymore, contrary to Poland, for example, where Catholicism was part of anti-communist movement.
No, it's around 149 kilometers away from Znojmo
I am pissed off with the tabloids blowing it out of proportion and printing headlines like “made us go home from work and meanwhile
It's like you just randomly said "haha, do you remember the times when we invaded your country, killed 250k of people and terrorized the rest?
The second sentence is like "(it) is pleasure (to) meet you"
Please invite Andrej Babiš to Slovakia (not just in court in Bratislava)
exactly, and this is not just ATM issue but shop terminals as well
The organisation is trying to get people to be more active and do their part to keep the democratic principles going and helping the democracy to get better
can we put American women and rednecks in those 28 zones please
That we hate church because of communist regime
I have been clicking couple of links there and I have to ask - is the websites's only purpose reporting every instance of map or a shape that resembles greater Macedonia?
once in German class and only because our teacher saw a recipe in our textbook and thought that it could be fun
The one with the black slave is true tho
Well, that is Daily Mail for you.
And of coruse, in places like restaurants I pay with cash, so I see the money in the wallet there.
At least you guys earn more than most of the world.
Germany's National Gun Registry, introduced at the end of 2012, counted 5
ISIS then started to recruit soldiers from now oppressed Sunni minority
So Putin is making his own version of burn book
You're limiting yourself too much
The longest word without wovel is "čtvrtsmršť" with 10 letters
Before they closed down all the mines we had in my region we used to say that if you don't study well you will end up working as a miner
It’s a romantic poem, but it’s also tragic
The Parliament and the Senate together
Those who hate koprovka And those who Are Wrong
The one where the Communist party was purging the the StB to secure total control over it and the police forces
It seems these words will have similar origin in central European countries (or maybe originally catholic countries), because in Czech the word is "andělíčkářka", which could also be translated as "someone who makes angels" (which by itself is strange, because these fetuses would not be baptized and as such should not be able to get to heaven)
They're formally in charge of the army, sign laws after the parliament approves them, and some other stuff, but they can rarely actually do anything against the will of the parliament or the government and their main role is shaking hands with other heads of state and holding speeches on national holidays
A Scottish friend of mine said that Scandinavians can pretty much be considered native speakers, a lot of the time
Communist Czechoslovakia had 1,5 millions members of the communist party, it was 10% of population.
Koprovka is plain awesome
The military could easily protect the border as long as it was allowed to use unrestrained force.
Asti FIN
As for changing the constitution, 3/5 majority of all deputies and then 3/5 of all present senators have to agree on it
That would be unimaginable in the early 90s.
Let's end this week with positive thread: Is there an european language that you just LOVE the sound of?
Well, we've recently had a thread about the fact that EU citizens can get help from another EU country's embassy if they can't get the help from their own embassy, so this is some real-life example.
They were committing crimes against their own people.
* por que =~ something between 2nd and 3rd, as far as I understand
Feel free to send me a DM
Crap
I choose to have free friday every week for more than 3 months during summer and it was awesome, 3 days weekend was great, I enjoyed free time much more,  and I did all my job all right in time anyway
But don't worry my dude
Noky (gnocchi) Halušky (smaller gnocchi)
And Italy doesn't post dual-language signs in Latin to "promote their culture".
Dankjewel Nederland
Modern word for roasting have the same origin
Do not thank the audience for objects thrown on the stage
We use billion this way:
I hate humans
We got rid of the Habsburg rule which was quirky, but not entirely bad
:-) true this and so does Russia, but EU is blamed by nationalists as undemocratic.
Pecorino romano
Taiwan was so pleased that they sent us few expensive life support units to save people in critical state due to covid-19
genitive | vody | vod| wody | wód
Basics, but they can build upon them
This guy is a good example, but many nazis and their descendants are not this willing of self-reflection.
If you'd go for the literal translation, it wouldn't be Bohemian Těšín, it would be Czech Těšín.
(I couldn’t find a map of dialects in English for the whole country, so here’s Moravia at least -
So far it's been a normal summer, compared to last years
I love the language and I would like to visit the Eiffel Tower
All credit goes to our Slovak bratia :) I legit laughed out loud when I heard that first a few  years ago and still I find it quite funny
All of **O**'Neill, **Mac**Donald, Fergus**son**, Pér**ez**, Ivan**ov**, Ivan**ovic**, Kardash**ian**, Juga**shvili,** Papa**dópoulos,** Petr**escu,** Nikola**yevich**, and many others, refer to "sons (or children) of". This should cover a large part of European surnames
Yes we do, until it is in an official dictionary it is based on previous experiences and what people decide
I mean, it's a little bit strange that you took the name and turned it into a completely different product, but it doesn't really hurt anyone, does it.
I feel like correcting it because it looks like Chechnya
Then there is a long car chase through the city with use of automatic weapons
You pay some 16% of your income for health insurance
But damn, it's still really weird to have a PM, who used to be active in terrorist organizations.
"MegDonald" (without 's) and colloquially *Mekáč* /mecka:tch/.
I've always loved flags, too
yes, I can feel his tongue already
Too bad we didn't have more of that revolutionary energy to get it done in the 90s.
^_^ Made my day
I myself don't hate Prague the city, it is too big for my taste, but parts of it are quite lovely
40 or less becomes 199)
Same in Czech
I'm wondering - from your experience since there's now quite a few of you here, do Americans tend to stick with themselves or do you also have some local friends?
Two largest Czech rafineries burned down this year too.
Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, UK, Belgium
hm sliced cheese and salamis are not sold in Danish supermarkets, that's crazy
as you can see by the map, he just took a little nap
You can let America be first and use proper ordinals (starting with ℕ₀) and be zeroth yourself.
If kids are forced to buy skins or food, they will not spend it on skins
There might be one I remember but, I'd like you to ask you something in order to confirm
"Negr" is the slur
Same like in Petersburg (Petrohrad in my language) and I believe it is the same in other slavic languages.
Kudos to you
Zdrh krt zkrz drn zprv zhltl čtvrthrst zrn
I would say that even looking under the lid is rude
But isn't this beneficial for us Europeans?
I don't have the data either, but some of my friends visited various smaller Russian cities as university students for a semester in the 80s and the areas they saw were significantly poorer than what we lived in at the time
To be honest, "Croatia" have always sound more like "Korea" to me for some reason
Bonus points if they pay for development of game which i dont need to pay for because its free because people are buying lootboxes
Let their Arab brothers take care of them.
Well probably slovakia, but we never get knocked out before slovakia in hockey ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You can't have people without identity all over the place and feel safe
This is awesome
I hate my accent
We've got a lot of idioms with that meaning that are associated with sausages but sadly, English language is not much colourful when it comes to words for specific types of sausage
Pro: Alcohol
Well only because it was you vs the world basically (I'm simplifying)
All state-owned companies (ca 1/4 of our workforce is there) has 5 weeks required by law, school/university/kindergarden employees have minimum 8 weeks of paid vacation.
And I legitimately miss Germany's trash collection and recycling system
You can smell it in the parks often during the summer.
He doesn't speak any other language than Czech, so I have no idea, how they were communicating, but my grandpa was always saying, that alcohol connects people
Actually is any Slovak here to recommend places to visit?
JUST IN: The State Department issued a security alert early Friday urging Americans in Iraq to leave the country immediately
Much like the people in Katyn just all decided to end their life coincidentally in the same place and at the same time because of depression
Magical word
I'm looking forward to visiting, once the corona situation blows over
My best friend and I went to London couple of years back and and we wanted to take a picture in front of the TARDIS
You mean Phoenician origin, then
That is the only way this will ever stop
Probably during the rule of Charles IV and in recent history in the First Republic (1918-1938)
The EU and the US economy are approximately the same size and are very connected, so if the US wanted to economicaly hurt the EU, they would be hurting themselves as well.
OTOH i/y distinction is a nice relict and it illustrates how Czech has evolved (writing i/y is not "random", it has deep etymological roots)
"Chytit vlka/housera" - to catch a wolf/male goose
I am not obtuse, I am curious
in Czechia we don't have
I never quite understood how that happened
Edit: Also, you might be familiar with mapy
Slovak - The language is mostly the same as ours except for the ř. Almost everyone here can speak Slovak, not because they learned to, they just can
It's brainless fun
Makes sense now, you usually cannot buy just one slice of pizza from proper pizzerias here too
Russian citizen == Soviet communist
Well you should have an ID on you, but it's not like you're going through some border checkpoints
"random", i assume the filters are also just random :-D
I think czech bob the builder contains some english words
Bohemia was the industrial heartland in the 1860s and 1870s because all the coal mines were in Bohemia.
They are in hundreds of thousands
sounds about right
Why do we pay "school multicultural coordinator" from our taxes then?
I know right
And sometimes I will have a cup or two in the evening
By the time we solve efficient energy storage or Fusion, Nuclear will safely carry us and help us moderate unstable renewables
>my reply to an Austrian flair
It's not about a lack of plumbers, it's about creating an abundance of lower qualified job seekers so that industrial companies can continue underpaying them
don't be sad, you still have tourists from other Bundesländer!
I suppose it's down to consumer how they will react
* - "I've got it on a salami
Having monarch as representative person and person who unites us is great
He should've congratulated Joe Biden too, just for the memes
Just a German friend who told me about it.
I was always wondering why is it that Latvia and Lithuania have higher birth rates than other post-communists countries...whether that's a cultural thing, or some specific government policies.
I think they just miss their youth tbh
To be skilled or knowledgeable about something
Jan Hus liked his with ice cream and sprinkles, as is tradition
I feel like it is given that Czech is almost exclusively spoken in Czech
* por que =~ something between 2nd and 3rd, as far as I understand
This principle was however also system's undoing
Both rely mainly on dissatisfied older rural voters and both polarise the society and mobilise voters against internal and external threats
Tbh our official short name should literally just be the flag emoji
Its all about green energy and electrical cars saving our planet
I think I only tried versions with sugar and Chocolate
Quite the opposite, my friend
Czech republic has 5% foreigners without Czech citizenship.
Was about to say
The ultimate disrespect
I wouldn't survive long in those temperatures, it's crazy
a sad day for internet freedom in europe
I'm pretty sure most of my country is on the Netherlands side because they see Turkey as a Muslim state.
Estonia is doing so many progressive things it's honestly inspiring
You have to remember, that it was taboo during communism, so no monitoring and research in this matter.
Czechia is absolutely a dog people country, we have one of the highest dog ownership rates in the world IIRC
Nah, he may have been born in France but lived and died in Malta.
Well as a Czech I'm disappointed
You can have Brno
u - by
I have personal experience with British tourists in many countries I was to and the drinking problem is very prevalent
With Slovak,  I am able to remember the meaning of unknown word after first hearing it, it doesn't feel like learning completely foreign language at all and don't need to put in much effort
And if they if they set it in the 80s (Including murder of Falcone and stuff), I'd buy new computer just to play that game
Came when I was 17, and for some reason it keeps pulling me back
Slovakia: Eh, sure
Procure 1000 years of history first
The Czechoslovak legion, under the leadership of Radola Gajda, armed with 2 captured steamships, faced off against the Red Army, armed with 2 ships and an armoured train, and won, sinking the Russian ship Bajkal and destroying the nearby train station and harbour
In left I always see communism.
His death made many people who remained indifferent up to that point to protest.
We have less homicides per capita, and more children per woman than Poland, the bastion of Catholicism.
Preposterous
Given the fact I live in Central Europe, I was apparently born at very wrong place
1938: Munich agreement
What I heard no
What happened thats to be celebreated
But, I always come back to CZ
Broken Mercedes & fake gold
Quebec is one of the most retarded states in the whole of North America and she wants to *copy* them?
That's just not there without the Americans
Ostrava - pollution, everyone speaks super fast, with Polish like accent, poor
Definitely the first or second line of "Máj" by Karel H. Mácha
Also two of my classmates in high shool found their former classmates on pornhub, just a fun fact
When at home where you can’t open the unlocked door from the outside, no
Out of five good emperors, only Marcus Cocceius Nerva has not been mentioned so far
* Rudolf II (We were under Austria)
Now things that were badly executed: the introduction of electronic public transport passes in Prague ("Opencard") was known as a giant overpriced scam, they have since been replaced by a different provider
How exactly did Ukraine steal Crimea?
We have one of the longest maternal leaves (3 years) and if you have second child right after, then it's 6 years.
Sometimes there are environmental activists delaying the construction of a highway, for example, sometimes it's just an excuse from incompetent politicians
I read a book on my way to work and back, so no opinion on the darkness/weather, I wear a warm jacket and dream of riding my bike again
For example, I am from Moravia and usually, people from Bohemia would not understand what I am saying if I didn't want them to and definitely not if my grandma was speaking
Gun grabbers and bureaucrats BTFO!
We do not limit those to a single era :)
Otherwise you can get 2-3 smaller appartments in big cities for that
I love every part of these replies, thanks for asking u/Brainwheeze ! haha
If you don't need fillings to qualify, oh boy
Yeah, pretty much this
The first round of wars happened in early 1990s, and Russia was heavily involved on the separatist side
Czeskie memy is my favorite thing from now on
I also heard it's a very clean place thanks to very high fines for littering and people are workaholics
Because there is so little left.
He was of course right
First is we are much much smaller organization, so everything we do in our local club is kinda punk, we have to do everything on our own, there aren’t much programme structures established
With stop on average every two to three minutes, it makes bus 25% slower
There were times of really hard religious, cultural and language opression, when the Czech population was forcibly re-catholized and germanized, when the Czech language was largely pushed to the periphery of the society, when only the low educated peasents spoke it, but then there were also times when more enlightened rulers were on the throne
I'd love to have those guys help us replace our population!
White immigrants from the Anglo-word as well
a (and), i (and, also), k (to, for), v (in), z (from), s (with), o (about), u (near, by)
Katana wall vs musket and Gatling wall = a lot of men with swords that now have rather gaping holes in their chests
WTF is that
Are you serious about the first two?
Hurr durr nazi salute
Again, you have done amazing job, keep it up and good luck
And my **quick** search confirms that
Then it's all about orthography (a lot of dictation excercises), grammar and occassional reading.
I admit, I'm not the biggest fan of ramen
heh
40, so almost half of them are in Prague, and they have actually more restaurants than McDonalds, which had 101 in 2019
I'm from western part of CZ, Bohemia and we would use proper word which is "foukej".
Unfortunately, I didn't make it from Victoria to King's Cross in time and my booked train left without me
no muslims = no muslim terrorism.
It really bothers me way more than it should
But I work in a STEM field so things are different.
There is the obvious: beer and pub culture
> which means forced labour
Beautiful name
I don't really know
Exactly, most people dont care, in the West, they would have banned them already
I don't like that we are closer to Russia but also above Germany
The POW's especially are inflating the casulties numbers
Battle of the White Mountain definitely did not start the Thirty Years War since it happened 2 years into the conflict (1620, war started in 1618)
You have better to move for some time in Pakistan.
Because of  population density there is a lot's of gas and water pipes and power lines under ground and new planted trees roots can disrupt public utility networks if they aren't sanctioned by local authority
Vatican, because I am too fat to fit in there
We use more and more English expressions in our language these days,  but I can see I tend to use quite a bit of English words that are not actually common and slap czech conjugation on it, baffling non English-speaking people around me
This is a great picture
Bonfire, music, chill-out and witch costume party for kids
This was one single case, usually no one bats an eye
but imagine we wouldn't complain - what the hell would be talking about in those regular pub sessions?
And having private camera overlooking public space is illegal
Because like it or not, the fact is that wealth is very strongly correlated with the quality of one's education
only twitch kids will get this one OMGScoots
ETA: I would also insist that it has to be affordable when it's finished, though
>But yes, everyone was expected to use standard Czech, …
Anyway
They have warehouses here and we get a "Czech" website that is just the german one ran through google translate
As ancient Romans said "it's barbaric and mutilation".
I live in Prague and we've got 9 night tram lines with 20 min intervals and 15 night bus lines with 20 to 30 min intervals.
slivovica migrants will find paradise in Moravia.
The GDP is interesting: Italy 96%, Czechia 87%.
Vodík-H
No, they usually give it to someone who is home or take it back because nobody was there (only for example my parents living in small village and personally knowing the postwoman let her to leave smaller packages on our terrace - it was never stolen and you don't really see there from the road anyway)
A drunkard
don't look for logic in a religion
in Czech republic, your tuition is paid for fully by the government (= your parents' taxes) if you study in a public university (which are better quality than private schools here).
Company I was working for moved me to UK (and then elsewhere) and everyone here and in UK call me expat
Thanks
Of course there is also visible in past years Santa but that's probably the same all around EU
How would giving organs to the older conservatives make them look less untidy
The court has ruled that the name has to be written in latin alphabet and in its full authenticity including nonstandart characters if it would in extend requiredy by  the Charter of Fundamental Rights and Freedoms and some other applied laws/texts
Would you guys stop, lol
Even after being back in the country for year and a half
That might be the actual problem of Eastern Europe.
Why would you when taking a hyperloop?
That is the funny way to put this story, but let's get real: The APCs actually hit each other when the first one braked hard in order not to flatten the Škoda
Im sure it would after some time, I mean if there were so few people so theyd never meet, there would be no assaults
Muslim radicals are very "modern" in fact.
We say "Dobrý" nebo "Dobrý den", meaning Good day
Germany, once again
Not anymore but for a long time I used the word "eventually" wrong, in Czech we have a word derived from that, "eventuálně", which means "possibly" so I used eventually to mean possibly
Right after devastating banking crisis in 1997, our central bank has implemented detailed regulations and auditing of banks and insurance companies, stricter than any other european country AFAIK.
Nová ves u Nového Města na Moravě [New village near the Moravian New Town]
If so, I know where I’m headed after covid
But in other areas it's not so hot
Socks in sandals are part of our identity
We're union of the nations, not federation!
GDP was on Hungary or Bulgaria level.
Germany - Německo,
so it took DUP for this sub to became anti-sharia
I live in Germany like yourself and I welcome it, given the circumstances.
The current one - no idea about his Italian pronunciation but isn't he half Italian?
You switch shoes there every morning and leave coat
When I imagine dog shit smeared where little children play
Sadly, it only enjoys and maximizes its former glory
Latin represents the same, yet nobody tries to force people to speak it.
I tolerate only those who spread Italian art in the world, like those who particpated also in building Český Krumlov and other renaissance and baroque monuments in our country (see  for exmaple [Baldassare Maggi] and others mentioned at [this site]
Also he complicates work of his security staff and actually needlessly endangers them too as they are obliged to protect him with their bodies
Isn't this actually late afternoon
Grzegorz Brzeczyszczykiewicz
Polandball once again proven right.
That is, if the language hasn't got a word that's identical to a word in Czech but means something completely different
No wonder, with all the Praha-Brno, Morava-Praha, Ústí, Hradubice and Asia starts in Vysočina, pyčo, etc "conflicts" I have the feeling like nobody cares for Southern Bohemia (which isn't so bad)
This is quite inaccurate
honestly misha man like, is that even considered music
"Big summer special: Croatia via Hungary" and so on.
I sat next to a girl in my first job who though Spain was part of England
It seems easier to spell than Czechia
I have seen a movie about them, strong story.
You can buy one, but using it is strictly forbidden in most places if you're on the public sewerage system
But it is a basic principle preventing usurpation of all power.
Now our economy has entered another boom phase, unemployment is 3,5 % and I expect +50k immigrants this year.
I'm not sure what you want to say here
As a Czech I support "Czechia" 100%!
The receiving country might get enriched by various forms of food, arts, peaceful festivities etc., which is great.
No, but that's the sad reality of politics in the Eastern Europe - there is often simply no reasonable alternative - you go to the elections and you have no choice but choosing a lesser evil.
It all depends on the school, but mostly you don't get to choose that much.
Date in a resturant is like Schrodinger's cat
Having such an Asian minority might not appear unusual for European countries with former colonial empires, but Czech republic is a landlocked, non-colonial and ethnically mostly homogenous country
Petersburg, but other than that I'm not so sure
I am not surprised
It is a defining part of Prague's panorama and instantly recognizable all around the world
She is professional, dignified and charming etc
When I went to school we didn't have folders like that as we had to just write our notes to notebooks (exercise books)
Naturally the House of Habsburg-Lothringen and His Imperial and Royal Majesty Charles of Habsburg-Lothringen, the only rightful King of Bohemia.
I have finished mafia 1 so many time I lost count
I mean come on, you don't have to like that guy but that is a bit too much.
Trailer: [
There's also pheasants which are eaten during hunting season - they're pretty good although they tend to be pretty dry
My AČR friends always enjoy their drills in the baltic countries
Modern word for roasting have the same origin
To focus on important issues like trade or security seems like the best approach.
The US cancelled his passport on the way to Ecuador.
The crashed(but not totaled) cars are sold to Czechia
The reason people cling to Czech republic is because they've never had to use it in real life conversation.
This is why it's irresponsible to tell drunk tourists funny things like that
Perhaps I shit on Vaclav Havel who sat in prison for 2 decades?
Islamic world will never reach the West, if half of their entire population can't contribute to the development of their nations.
Hussites stole it and it was captured by Plzeň's defenders from hussites during siege of Plzeň.
There is just a group of Czech tourists who are rather adventurous and know-it-alls at the same time.
The lower number of re-launches you build the higher the costs.
But I don't think we have something with exactly the same meaning and I'd probably just use "rozumím" (I understand) or "aha, dobře, fajn" (like "ok") to accept but not make statement about my opinion
They keep asking me in shops to this day
You know all too well it's not the EE immigrants who would've been affected the most ;)
Wow, I didn't even know this building existed
These historical lands had some power of self-governance in certain areas
Nobody I know understands it either...
We had so much snow as kids
Hopefully it will be stripped down back to only economic union
Maybe Jiří Paroubek or David Rath could be added to the list too
I can't speak for the authenticity/quality of the food, but [this] restaurant is owned by actual Serbs so that might be a place to start.
Pičín (Cuntsville)
I don´t know what type of jobs will emerge.
Its just a meme, don’t feel offended
Some just think they are amazing outdoorsmen while they are just stupid
looks to me it is either some Russian like gibberish or a basic three words sentence from second chapter of beginners language book
As moderators, we see this and recognise it as an issue
If you have a full-time job and live at your parents, they would likely want you to pay at least your part of expenses
Nothing like a little bit of money for free, eh
He has two Kalashnikovs, one under the counter and the other under his bed upstairs, just in case someone tried to rob them so he can blow them to pieces while they try.
Sorry, but you are usually tucked on the bottom of the maps and I don't think I have ever read/heard about a story from your country.
(We weren't, for what it's worth
He does not actually believe what he claims
I got hit by a car and the guy drove away without providing any aid
All Syrian fighting groups are supported by foreign powers.
They are somewhere in the middle.
(blue-eyed girl don't sit there
Also, because I learned English words mostly through media sometimes I really struggle translating English text to Czech even though I know exactly what it says
*cough* One Plzeň please, this other stuff is disgusting
This photo has a high meme potential
But whatever, if it's easier to believe that Putin is just a moustache twirling dastardly villain rather than try and look at it from both sides go ahead.
When we talk with each other, we each usually use our respective mother tongues because they are mutually intelligible
[Sencor] \- not B2B but a lot of people doesn't know it's Czech
They initiated a coup backed by the red army to systematically dismantle democracy in the country
But you would need to become a monarchy as well.
Yes, it was shock to see it destroyed.
Polish mayo
That’s the reason that the International students day exists
My brain just kept trying to pick up French speech patterns from Czech conversations
There are tons of vietnamese people here and the ones younger than 30 mostly grew up or were born here so they are fully integrated and I know many mixed Czech-Vietnamese couples and mostly haven't heard of any issues
Funnily, in college this was a Slovak girl who didn't speak Czech with the other students at all, but her writing in Czech was fairly good – she had learnt the grammar well so she wasn't making stupid i/y and s/z errors everywhere like most Slovaks do; she sometimes used a Slovak idiom or collocation that didn't really work in Czech, which is what gave her away in these sorts of blind readings we were doing
I am sorry but why can't those women just buy tampons
I think we just imitate the sound and don't use a word for it
Have you actually ever shot a pistol
In the Main dangers section
> it's obviously possible to have it both ways
Czech lost its dual in the high middle ages, retaining only a few forms of "irregular plural" for eyes, hands, legs, breasts etc
I speak Russian for decades
I vudnt vrajt it difrentli et ol
Pubs getting closed
Not really, we just laugh at dumb americans doing that
Can't speak for Germany, but the closest thing to this that we have on our census is "nationality" and it's optional
People in border areas casually go shopping abroad, either because of better product quality or cheaper prices
His wife was American
After six weeks in Switzerland I came home and I could have sworn every conversation I overheard in the tram was in French
I understood what they were saying, but only from context and with the words being wtitten with today's letters (few of them changed sounds over the years), so I'd say it is intelligable, but more like slightly simmilar foreign language
No information or anything telling us about this whatsoever
Bonus fact: there are maps from 19
It's like climate change, who does not want to see, does not
Indeed, I have heard about the infamous bike crackdowns of Netherlands.
I'm from Brno and I can confirm
No need to wait for the cashier to count up the change, just hold the card over the thing for a second and boom you paid.
I think Celsius is pretty fool proof:
Seznam zpravy
(Needless to say, the exact same thing would happen the other way round
Not exactly the Lavrov's part, but Syrian army definitely had thosechemical weapons and the information available was fairly convincing in putting the blame on some fool in Assad's army.
In theory, helmets should improve your safety
Current owners of Minsk and Kyiv have different problems
The same applies to paying at POS terminals, also preferably pay contactlessly so that the terminal doesn't get chance to ask for DCC
Tokyo, Osaka, Yokohama
Well, if you don't do much, you won't get noticed.
Rome is walkable, but the heat in August is brutal.
Of course guy named Mussolini voted Yes
I think most foreigners arent ready for it
And that money comes from tax payers in the rich countries, where people from poor countries work.
Language didn't change much also due to Great Moravia.
Very easy actually, it's more like a different dialect rather than different language when it comes to difficulty
Chamber of Deputies represents people by political affilation, Senate represents people by territorial entities.
But there's one period that doesn't get much attention, unlike other long periods of warfare (Dutch war of independence, Thirty-years-war etc
In Czech, it's also *autostop* or just *stop*.
I love the design of [Silesian] flag
So many people my age is all about drinking
But there is also a word like spát (means sleep) which is pronounced sspat with the a being long again
And wore make-up
(I would say because we have pretty strong local producer) so if you want a try different brand send me a pm
we are not Chechnya (and WW2 was last war here)
Maybe in Slovakia
Looks more like post-metal, post-rock
He was drunk of course, he decided he wants to sing Deutschland by Rammstein
No place for coca cola man here as well
As opposed to using your own laptop, or having to pay for job related trainings, certifications
The worst example is likely A Song of the Ice and Fire when the translator decided in the middle of the series (A Feast for the Crows) that since the Medek brothers, the HP translators, were so successful with translating surnames of characters, she could do the same and decided to change a name of any house that had a slightly meaningful name, House Redwyne became *Rudovíni*, House Merryweather became *Dobrovětrovští* etc
I like it more and more with every language I learn
Our common roots and the fact, that we were surrounded by our "enemies" at the time, made us come closer.
If I got 5G connection only by occasionally eating biscuits and drinking wine, I think I'd be a really ardent believer
] Please bratia, send her here and take this spiteful old man
Finally there are five other parties struggling to cross the 5% treshold (Christian democrats, anti-immgiration party, liberal-conservatives, mayors and independents, and a new conservative party)
Yes yes yes
All those protesters are obviously paid actors /s
My reactions was "Finally someone who will finish Brexit" and also
I think we are (or were) selling some electricity from one of our nuclear powerplants, Temelín, to the Austrians
When you take this in, it can be a bit depressing
Yeah it's pretty bad
...but none of that matters for you, as none of them want to stay in Poland.
There was tv debate before last elections on topic of culture
Like, it is literally all about the nature
Vatican be like - How to enact new crusade
Our language survived germanisation under Austria-Hungary, I am not concerned that it will disappear anytime soon
Whenever I see an NL plate on the motorway I try as quickly and safely as possible to pass the Dutchie on the left hand side
It's a problem of rather newish buildings
Isn't it more of a generation thing
Ve have "měsíc" with lower case M for "natural satellite oribiting planet - like moon" and "Měsíc" with capital M for "Earth moon"
You have the similar number of inhabitants and about 3300 people died in Sweden
ę,  *ą*,  ć  a tyhle podobný
Raw protocols are [here]
Wouldn't really bet on 8, 10 is probably impossible
Welcome back Czechoslovakia
That's almost my first job salary
They might a be lot in todays minimalistic warfare
Our political views and values are thankfully quite similar
> Awesome that it falls on a Saturday
France (House of Luxembourg, post WW1 allies, art influence)
But I'm definetely heavily against any form of federation or superstate
Also, you know, Kingdome come wasn't made by a single fucking person
Our teacher used it constantly with the yawning (and it was often, first period and teenagers), so my classmate told her once: Acutally I was, but your shoes would hurt my stomach
And we can actually carry guns here
Homer: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
As far as I know there isn't single country where guns are banned
Good half of them are just sport team subreddits
Austria - Rakousko,
Holocaust was her main topic for most of the time
Could someone explain to me that thing with Latvia and Lithuania and potatoes
Yeah
Habsburgs were bitches too, but in my opinion still not as bad as nazis/commies, and I also think that Metternich was a lot worse than your averidge Habsburg
All the men of Lidice were killed as well
If I got 5G connection only by occasionally eating biscuits and drinking wine, I think I'd be a really ardent believer
Shitty quote, wise sage attitude and everything.
Slovakia is famous here for Halušky, cheese and recently TatraTea, also for Wild animals coming across the border
It also seems to be a better choice for the society
[Here
It seems that she has well established ties with the Syrian regime which allowed her to stay in Damascus when other European ambassadors no longer felt safe there.
This
Con: Alcohol
Nobody cares how many and what guns i have as long as i meet the storage requirements
Not that different after all
Currently, in case of an all-out military conflict, gas supply to Germany might be affected; with the Nord Stream, it won't be, what almost guarantees German passivity in case of further Russian aggression
The main obstacle is the letter ř [r̝̊]
They should start by shutting off Russia Today in European cable networks and deporting all of their employees.
It wouldn't be fair against other countries :-P
The casual racism thing is more of an Anglosphere thing in my opinion.
Does anyone consider Istanbul to be a part of the Balkans
/r/BrandNewSentence
You're part of many jokes in our country - the Czech word "malta" means "cement grout" in English
Which is a mentality I've never understood
You missed the point
[Unofficial Czechoslovak Anthem]
Someone on r/czech told he had to stole a pen, because stationeries are closed and supermarkets are not allowed to sell them either
I'm afraid he's far from winning
[With rose hip sauce or with sauerkraut
Czechs understand better with Slovaks, but I am able to communicate with Poles too, it takes much effort though
It is so naive to expect that the campaign for the second referendum would be without lies and deceptions
Deffinetely Prague
There are many more outside of Prague but these ones I named are just unmistakable
* The variation "mám to na salámu" (I've got it on salami)
(Paradox: I stayed in let’s say very alternative life-style family that lived in semi-squat with many pets and dogs living in the house as well)
It looks terrible
We have the same toasts here, but we make them in "toasters" which are not toasters but rather have the appearance of a small contact grill (contact as in the toast touches the iron grille of the toaster on both sides), the regular toasters we call "topinkovače" but translates as toaster to english, so I guess I can't really explain a czech toaster without showing you a picture (which I can't, because all search results for toaster show
Germany: Německo ([land of] mutes)
Western investments would leave for Poland and Slovakia and our position would be that of beggars asking the EU for mercy and access to its common market -- for which we'd have to pay like the other non-members, instead of getting EU funding for infrastructure and development projects
Russia doesn't care about "slavs" at all.
Its weird how socialism is looked down at but at the same time all sorts of economy of sharing are booming all around, which I understand is pretty much a real life example of the concept of social ownership in a modern way
It started immediately, but as I said in another post, it took years before it was finalized, so Czechoslovakia broke up before it was finished.
Morning cigarette and room filled with gas
>In most Romance, Slavic and Germanic languages the cognate of actual means “current”. This meaning has also been used in English since the sixteenth century but is now rare due to a semantic shift
The leaders of Germany, France and the UK are setting a dangerous precedent which echoes within the European Community and far beyond it: Mass surveillance by governments has become the new normal.
I've never had a "regular" full time job since and I don't miss it at all
I always just buy a stand-alone AC, return it in 14 days, and get my money back
I stopped writing cursive when I got into high school
Going into sauna in some clothing is really unhygienic
O lásce šeptal tichý mech; (Quite moss whispered about love)
FTFY
They also banned independent people so that they can’t see what’s going on
That was not a good idea but what about north next time
Look, I was not trying to say "Germany does nothing to help to solve the issue".
For some reason we had mainly italian and france movies.
and for the music
Other networks and companies are no better when it goes to DCC rates
On Easter men spank women with wooden whips
Also, to avoid the #EUGunBan directive, I presume.
Edit: Being born into a family of my ancestors, I would probably become a farmer, miner or mill owner, but the aforementioned career would still be possible as there was some vertical social mobility
Why do people even delete their account?
Being a fan of Florence and the Machine, I actually first heard the term "adult table" in [this video] and I thought it was a joke
There are some extreme examples, like popular song from the 30s:
First was a [bridge falling down] on the rail during it's reconstruction, second was [polish truck driver] not wanting to scratch  his truck
I am half Czech and half Greek
>(1) The Czech Republic is a sovereign, unitary and democratic, law-abiding State, based on respect for the rights and freedoms of man and citizen
TIL of Alois Musil, a Czech theologist, explorer, orientalist, and writer, who was sent to Middle East during WW1 to eliminate attempts to instigate a revolution against the Ottoman Empire by Lawrence of Arabia
I dunno what to do
Good ones, just to add:
"The Czech Republic" is still a correct long name just as "the French Republic" is as correct as "France".
They often use them when club from one town wants to visit another town
I know "Tady má někdo v zadku oje
I think, it's great that Bulgarians are this diverse people containing [three main branches] (Bulgars, Thracians and Slavs) in their genetic pool.
I don't know how long it's been since you visited, but Pilsner can rarely be seen below 40 CZK (1
Young Polish men are coming over to the UK, and they live cramped in small apartments, work for less and without the innate benefits of knowing the land, so to speak.
Many words sound strange, if you try to take them literally
This also extends generally to the HRE, even the old HRE cities outside of Germany are renamed
Which is actually super against MasterCard’s and visa’s TOS
You get people that know about something and care enough to elaborate, and you get unexperienced person who tweets and wins elections.
I don't think full rent, but part of expenses yes
Fuck these people
Croatia: A week on a yacht with friends, streets of coastal towns
Also (as was mentioned by the Slovaks in the thread already) Venice is Benátky and Copenhagen is also Kodaň in Czech
This is very true, the feeling of being left alone multiple times took its toll here as well, I'd say we're as a result quite cynical and distrustful of anything that comes from abroad.
He was the 2nd highest ranked nazi official in the protectorate with only Hitler being above him
The latter
Europe would rather see itself completely screwed by China than adopt a single language.
It wasn't first hand planned, but when it started to occur, Soviets used it as a chance against peasants.
I can't really imagine we'd attack somebody for speaking German in public, though, it's more snide remarks like "see, they've never actually changed" when our media report about cases of far-right extremism in Germany, and stuff like that
He has five minutes
we are not talking about some earthquake or communist stricken spot
He is THE JOKE, we don't need to tell jokes about him
Oh yeah, you are right, I mistook it for TARP and stuff.
When tf is this map from
The problem here was the orientation on investments with low added value.
EU Commissioner Cecillia Malmström
If it was in western city it would have been a piece of art explained as an important prophecy.
It is a relict from the time our ancestors had fur to keep them warm.
I ocassionally pay with my debit card but I don't like it and mostly use it just to withdraw money from ATM.
But I am kinda afraid about the remake, I am afraid I will be disapointed
I'm not a Pole but I guess the public opinion in Poland will be very similar to the Czech one since "we" already share identical views on the whole situation in the region.
Why doesn't anyone use air conditioning?
As source of opiates, or as a food
relationships are based on understanding and mutual respect.
At we can agree on that brother
[Thread theme]
Czechs see him as Czech
the discussion is more about all those Lenins and Stalins who are clearly devilish people who killed millions, damaged the Russian nation and many surrounding nations
The executive order was too sudden.
If I remember it correctly, from the geographical point of view, Central Europe was defined as V4 + Austria + Germany + Liechtenstein + Switzerland and Slovenia in our textbooks.
Yes, Russians sometime cut corners, but they have been using this vaccine for their own people a lot, so I tend to trust it
Berlin-Dresden-Prague-Brno-Vienna-Bratislava
Looks like one of the places that would charge you 2€ for a shot glass of tap water that goes with the coffee
With no military and history of pacifism, too
- While sushi is available pretty much everywhere, Japanese cuisine is otherwise unheard of
I think we talked about majority of those you mentioned.
I mean
I don't have any place in my tiny apartment, so it's the fridge
So did we
Zaragoza
Unfortunatelly, Mongolia is currently in huge economical problems.
Industrialisation, urbanistation, new ideas and movements happened early in czech area.
I speak German and it helps me a lot with learning Swedish
* Sapporo
I have hopes for the young generation.
It should be festival of light
The children must pass a specialist examination if the parents want them to enter school earlier or later
We generally don't confront or jump people, and if we're racist, we keep it to ourselves, rant, etc.
Well, we border Bavaria and Upper Austria, one of the EU richest regions, so the contrast is going to be hard to smear in this direction.
And we have one of the lowest homicide rates in Europe btw
I have PhD in Windmill Engineering and I graduated top class in the German University of Wind Propulsion.
for sure, and if you get lucky, it's faster *and* cheaper.
Well, isn't in other parts of Germany more common Weihnachtsmann
I would say people just dont care about that here
That'll only work if they can find an opening like threatened Russian minority.
Wouldn't be nice to have sea in middle of Europe
Religion is just justification to invade some heathen territory.
It's a study exchange program funded by the EU
When someone says England, they mean all of the UK
Does God has IT support
I know I know, we often choose Linz route to Alps instead of Munchen one (a bit longer but fully on highways so you save at least an hour) just to stop in Linz branch
A prospective EU membership was beneficial for Turkish politicians before, so they could liberalize the market and push their own reforms, but Erdogan's policies are different and he has 0 need for the "EU carrot", as it were.
An interesting urban legend, but absolutely no
"Give me your LGBTQ, Your rainbow masses yearning to breathe free, Send these, the fabulous, queens to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
UK:
It means, that geman company get paid well for the final product, easterners get fraction of it.
mate
There is no other alternative for a short name
Yes, that might be it, Czech has probably the weakest palatalisation out of Slavic languages, so it sounds more natural to me
It means quarter-hand
He never brought that up again
In the general Western European consciousness, an entire half of the continent just somehow sprung into existence in the 1930s, completely out of the blue
I am talking 140 - 150 and of course there is some leeway until your speeding becomes worthy of cops' time
North: Goteborg, Sweden - 57.7N
But this kind of teasing is pretty rare, we mostly get along with them very well.
It is even worse
Contemporary was the word I was looking for.
There are a lot, here are some from the top of my head
Iași. I really should visit Romania, because this "test" revelated that my knowledge of the country is shockingly lacking - I knew all the non-Romanian cities after Iași but not the Romanian ones
Koprovka is plain awesome
A lot of Czech, but also Ukrainians, Romanians and some Russians.
I find especially funny that it's cheaper for me to visit my sister who lives 20km from me than to visit my grandparents (by city transport) who live on the other side of my hometown
outside of the centre and some basic nourishment).
And the hockey championship in 1969
The main advantages beside cost, are already exisiting supply chains, infrastructure and location.
But stereotypes based on
Minimum wage is just ban of work and you have to be on welfare if you want to live
I think it's sort of changing with younger generations, but like my grandparents would still call anyone who gets up after 7am lazy, not noticing that they also fall asleep 6 hours earlier than us
"ej more gadžo co ten mocac kolik dás?"
Frankly, they won't be missed too much either
Many new junior and part-time jobs were created.
Of course he studied in Viena
Facebook sucks
Because Czechs might have a negative opinion about some of your traits or looks, but it generally doesn't change the way they treat you
I have no info about refills though.
Slovenia was actually offered the membership in V4 in the early 90s, but they declined.
Who doesn't love buying Russian stuff in a completely unrelated country
All police handguns are semi-automatic, just saying
made me think you don't have any kind of heating in kitchens in Finland :)
Distatorship violates the relationship between people and decision makers which goes in to the extreme roles of abusers vs victims.
complete silence, always
This incident led to one of the bloodiest conflicts in the history of Europe
Or at least that is what he is claiming on Twitter.
Disgusting leeches
I dont know man, I just go to some local roaster and buy whatever sounds good
Bazmek/bazmeg is a totally innocent slang word in Czech
Bad:
But I stopped myself
I still have no idea how Poland works.
Meaning of "Kowalski" could be translated as "the smith". Keeping in mind that smith is a profession it could be expanded as "of profession of smith". OPs idea behind "of" may be right
I don’t care
From those who would actually pick a side, most would pick Israel over Palestine.
Yes
It's quite interesting how Finland and Sweden differ in their attitudes towards refugees or migrants in general even though you're neighbouring countries with a similar level of prosperity.
I absolutely agree with you, my point was just to share my own experience with healthcare where I live, not to say that the same thing would happen in the US as well
To the average American, what happens in their state, city, neighborhood and family is 10x more important than which crazy partisan joker sits in the white house
I don't know, this seems pretty reasonable
My dad once had long conversation (like 40 minutes) with Hungarian guy
Although for instance CZ is much more closer to Germany and Austria than it is to Russia and Ukraine culture wise
Croatian pravo (straight on) = na prawo
When I went to school we didn't have folders like that as we had to just write our notes to notebooks (exercise books)
More people than I would expect know a bit about Czechia/Prague, at least those from other European countries
golabki are love, golabki are life.
It's mainly Praha vs Brno but it applies to the the whole country
The agreement gives them a long term goal for necessary transformations and development.
People from places where public transportation is really bad, so they don't even think of it as an option
Ten
Getting a common state with the Czechs was a win-win situation, even if it didn't fulfil all the hopes people had
I wouldn't call anything further than 1
I can thing of two things that Czech people are somewhat sensitive about
Your meth production is behind tho
But how do you turn a guy's name into a country's name?
Nowhere in Europe would you find socialism in the political mainstream
Hh, I am glad you have nice memories from Czechia
Life in Albania and Macedonia ain't great.
Just anywhere
Remember /r/fatpeoplehate
I’ll have you know my region is actually the most developed region in Europe, and I’ve been involved in numerous region developement projects, and we have over 300 world-famous tourist attractions
I hate going to the touristy areas, because I know Ill have to deal with a fuck ton of tourists who soooo slow
The conceal carry licence is the only one you can use for self defense
PLASMO, a very talented model maker, with very down to earth approach
Half French, half Germanic, weird spelling, many silent letters - it truly represents
To je mi buřt is like verbatim translation meaning exactly the same
Found a few recipes online, but they all mention that it's a Slovak dish
By the time we solve efficient energy storage or Fusion, Nuclear will safely carry us and help us moderate unstable renewables
Though I get that it would be stupid to blame only the military for that.
Aw, that's a shame
I mean when you look into our history, we have nothing to do with Eastern Europe except for those 41 years under communism
I've never seen or heard of a "functional" one, so I think they are pretty rare.
But if they r truly rich, u won't even pretty much notice them y'know
It's still only 14 planes
The court has ruled that the name has to be written in latin alphabet and in its full authenticity including nonstandart characters if it would in extend requiredy by  the Charter of Fundamental Rights and Freedoms and some other applied laws/texts
I think English just changes the languages which adapt words from it but they won’t perish
I never understood why this is so controversial in Slovakia
Does anyone consider Istanbul to be a part of the Balkans
NET, kandidující s nejlepším protikriminálním programem PŘÍMÉ demokracie a hlubokého národního, duchovního a mravního obrození VY NEVĚŘÍTE POLITIKŮM A JEJICH NOVINÁŘŮM? NO KONEČNĚ! VĚŘME SAMI SOBĚ!!! - ale i s mnoha dalšími DŮVODY, proč bychom měli jít tentokrát VŠICHNI K VOLBÁM, ale - pokud nechceme být ZNOVU obelháni, podvedeni a okradeni - NEVOLIT ŽÁDNOU PARLAMENTNÍ TUNEL - STRANU vládnoucí (post) komunistické RUSKO - ČESKÉ totalitní FÍZLOKRACIE a jejich likvidační protinárodní politiku ČÍM HŮŘE, TÍM LÉPE
Ideologies are really powerful in right hands.
Fuck Okamura, though
(Needless to say, the exact same thing would happen the other way round
Why
And then Eastern Europe (Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, maybe Bulgaria
Populists and dictators are crazy.
How is it even possible that someone like Juncker is still able to hold his position?
Was in a bar at dresden
I think it's lot more common in villages and small communities (not satelitní městečka) than we think, just because most people live in bigger towns and cities
What a clusterfuck
from my experience with sauna all over Europe staff will kick you out if not naked
Chechnya is pronounced "Chech-ny-a".
It's not that much bigger than the Vatican
Oh, that's cool, on my school we have this class only bcs we are Christian high school, other high schools don't really have it and in my opinion it's really good to know about different religions even though 90% of us are non-believers or atheists
Second is not only we try to scout moral code, we try to introduce the God and stories from the bible too
Few minutes to and from subway on foot
Drought
Nikdy nic  nikdo nemá  míti za definitivní
Putting beer mat on top of your glass tells the waiter you don't want another
* Velvet revolution was not a peoples uprising but actually a planned power transfer
The difference chart of these two would be interesting too.
But I could be wrong so correct me
> Hello everyone,I would like to know what do you think about this topic: The so called "Common European identity".
Everyone who can think is Far Right by the American standard
But for humans the gut bacteria from dead bodies that gets into drinking water or crops can cause severe poisoning
Večerka always sells anyone :D I stopped drinking hard alcohol at 19, now I only drink beer
That was further re-inforced in 1968 when Russians arrived
Heyhey, don't undermine the success of Czechia
If anyone is going to prevent him from actually improving the society, it will be the French parliament pandering to voters.
Trump is practically Putin v.2, except he's to the West.
A party that's based around a single issue would never ever get my vote.
Of course not, cause you're German, you're all about wörk, wörk, wörk and monies, monies, monies.
first time hearing that there is a Pole that doesnt like his country.
Do we even have that option
And many countries use the shorted term for the official name and I'm ok with that
I’d get up at 6:20 at latest, get ready, have breakfast, and go walk the dog at 7 or 7:10
Get yourself some blinds
We also had a subject called History of the Christian Church and let me tell you, that was probably the most boring thing I've studied ever
Ostrava - jokes about pollution and how they speak polish-like gibberish
* propeller
> lograr
> Doing small things 'here and there' and fucking, do not necessarily have to mutually exclusive for her
In that case Britain should start solving it's own shit before shitting on EU though.
dk] shows that
He is already dead, isn't he
It's for poreprint identification
They allowed non-highly-skilled people to immigrate.
Eh, I guess most people can cook to some extent, but way too many men still expect their girlfriends/wives to do it all the time
Do the Czechs have any "special rights"?
I think we are moving from the hypothetical what-if-I-was-Merkel to personal views which are not completely based on facts and statistics.
He’s supposed to be a representative figure
If I had to park somewhere in a city, I would be way more annoyed about it
There's no problem with guns and safety in the Czech Republic - we're one of the safest countries in the world although (or possibly *because*) many people here carry guns (me too).
Live tree, shiny lights, glass baubles.
We have a lame wordplay
Interesting, that the food chains in czechia are mostly german owned.
I remember in Bulgaria I saw a dish named "nervozno köfte". Googled it, it's a thing:
and before McSmazak there was McBucek :-)
It stems from an archaic word for hard work - robota
But we already have a bitter history of other larger countries trying to shape our culture
Thanks Slovakia for being bros and for our peaceful divorce
Yeah, nowadays it's basically a Slovak running gag.
I think it makes no sense for English to not have a shortened version when it has one for almost any other country
Check your reading comprehension
The Czech dubbing of the Simpsons, especially the early seasons, was amazing overall
Haven't been to the US, but I've never seen anyone flying more flags than those guys
+ when I subscribed to /r/atheism I was expecting reading shit from complete different countries than US
I'm disappointed that sub doesn't exist.
Politics and economy is interwined here and let's say, that the best interest of common folk is not the first thing, they would have on their mind.
Charles University in Prague
It is missing the obligatory thick chain, imao.
What
The coup was co-orchestrated by soviet bolsheviks.
But that doesn't say anything about nationality
Are you afraid to find out, at this point
(dunno if it's a coincidence but all the names sound pretty slavic)
But here's the thing: they don't.
In Czech it means to fuck
how about "stihacka" ? / a fighter jet ... she is behind your back and you have no rest as a child / a partner
I know our Government was constantly complaining how the distribution of the money was being based too heavily on unemployment numbers (we had almost problematically low unemployment prior to corona), even after the EU adjusted it to be based on a few other factors as well, so it might just be that the extra regional development funding was thrown in to shut us up
also isn’t communist, nor in south America
I like those names tho
Now that a worthy ruler, not like the scum Czech prime minister
Don’t... our tenses are easy, but you’ll die on the inflections and persons
From another historically Catholic country, well, opinions on church buildings vary
I mean, we already have enough problems with everyone putting their interests first in the EU now
Edit: Or maybe because we celebrate the Veteran Day, not specifically related to WW1, but to all war victims
At least in most areas, maybe with the exception of very lucrative Prague suburbs where the price may climb to 700k+ or so
Nowadays all our good politicans are inspired by their ideals
I... I honestly always thought they just built it in dark dirty colors lol
Our currency is literally named crown
Honestly as I am person from east-mid Moravia the thing u call Common Czech (obecná čeština) is something that tears my ears every time I hear it even on TV, radios etc
This is aimed against the incoming terrorists, but what about the homegrown ones?
If you can, use public transport instead of going by car
Last week we had in the city where I live the worst floods in more than 100 years
Switzerland and the Czech Republic also have gun culture, whats wrong with that
At no point during the development of a phone are you required to use the google apps.
Probably Luxembourg
No offense
Its thrashy, if you want to do shitty job (hair dressing, waitress, helping hand in industry) Its how you choose it for life without possibility to go back
*czech
Any former president, prime minister etc had their upholders and protestors, and it was usually almost 50/50
And now I have to check out their metal scene.
Definitely Pelíšky
Well, obviously there are places where English wouldn't suffice.
The EU membership would eventually have to be voted on.
there is no potato only politbyro
I thought it's the flag of Teutonic Knights
This gives them slight advantage.
Yeah
We also have "How do you say X in Polish
Imagine he were born not in Prague, but somewhere in Germany or Austria
The question is if the fear is stronger now, with so many terror attacks being located inside France (although smaller in scope than 9/11)
Possibly even to the safety of Baltic states.
Or ate a poison
u/vredditdownloader
It's in Czech too: je mi to buřt.
What exactly was different
You would have to revamp social dynamics to be like this
It is an american dish, not an italian dish
It's just that your average parent is going to imagine a guy in a shop with shitty cheap clothing imported from China speaking broken czech if you ask about Asians
AFAIK the Czechoslovaks didn't use any military vessel, but they just put some howitzers on a regular ship
I  will probably get hated for this but that city feels like its much better on pictures and pretty boring and sort of fake or empty in person
I visit France pretty often and the usually think I am german when they hear me speak czech.
No therapy can make you redesign your identity.
were also regarded as non-belonging aliens by many
I thought it meant tuberculosis
The extremes both on far left and far right also hate Merkel due to the migrant crisis
Wish me luck
Yeah let's be [simplified out of existence] by the heat death of the universe.
Czech is more consistent and easier in that aspect, which I like
Somebody already mentioned Pičín (cunt town), but I think that these also deserve a mention:
Kostnice = Constance/Konstanz
I believe I had the American teacher, but there was a Brit and Irish one too (neither of them had a strong accent).
Putin is not stupid, they don't have the resources, however they absolutely will take advantage of any event by underhanded methods.
These students kill it when they go to America.
&#x200B;
I originally wanted to write state police, but then I changed it, because it might get someone confused, states sometimes mean a region of a country, not a country itself (in USA or Germany for example)
I'm not sure what you want to say here
When I see what he’s doing to your beautiful country, I just wanna punch him in his pig face
Great, fuck Apple
Algeria - colonised by France, lots of Algerians in France, biggest country in Africa, Atlas mountains
They come in large packs, mainly at night and early morning to city and eat whatever they can find
I also get this this sort of money flow is way less visible to people than the EU funds.
Fatty plaques start accumulating inside your veins, and can eventually block them and kill you
#PrayForBelgium
Christmas and new year's are just a more expensive weekends this year.
Do you use Japanese mayonnaise and okonomitaki sauce, or do you substitute them with something
If we don't like a law/rule, fuck that, we will find a loophole or a way how go around it
, I wish they'll add Czech dubbing later to make it perfect tho
I'm just pointing out that Romanians holding campaigns in Italy is perfectly okay, as both are part of the EU.
How you can be closest non european neighbors when you are over sea
Surname
Czechs use mix of methods, the nature approach in the most protected areas, and logging of infected trees in less protected areas.
If it was a line or two, I wouldn't care, but since there is a lot of Czech dialogue, it makes me cringe a lot
More microstates= more Eurovision entries, (except for Luxembourg, saying they can't win anymore, so why should they try) /s
Romania: Mountain hike over Hargita and Caliman with friends, getting lost there in a funny way
It made France and the UK renounce the Munich Agreement and put the whole Czechoslovakia firmly on the victor's side after WW2 though
We're just used to it
Bohemian Switzerland NP, Czech Republic.
Everything from the Romantic era
Of course, there is [Stanislav Řezáč] but he's not a politician
And why are we talking in English
They don't think that at all
Criminals aren't walking around with them.
China made promises in investment but none came
In Poděbrady, plurality of the tourists are Czech, with a lot of other tourists coming from Russia and Germany
There were no real election between 1948 and 1990
[Like this] where the new parts don't pretend to be old but are like transparent 'ghosts' of what used to be there
Most anti EU anti muslim posts are either deleted or downvoted to oblivion.
It usually depends on the number of people involved
Since 2004, Hungarians are free to leave but they seem to like it here all the same.
Even though right now the biggest statue in Czech Republic belongs to him and even one district of the Czech capital is named after him, he did pretty nasty stuff
What a coincidence
It's pretty widespread throught the country.
This mechanism is used in modern wooden windows as well
I’ve been learning German for over a year and traveled through a small part with my German boyfriend
For me it's definitely French, that's probably because it has no roots with czech- russian was much easier for me because of this
This would make any kind of spread including possibly butter masculine too
My parents sometimes keep theirs in the basement, they buy them directly at a farm and sometimes they get too many at once to fit in the fridge
But you don't really need a citizenship in order to live here long term.
The only benefit I see in that type of a fridge is the ice dispenser, that's what I use when I visit someone with that fridge
Maybe better in Slovak (one Slovak aunt taught my mum the soft l and she taught me, so perhaps I can say it :D), but it's not a thing in general Czech
The "problem" is that 6 USD for one beer is somewhat normal for tourists from Scandinavia, USA etc
The number of arrests in the US every year is something completely absurd to me
never had a need to change it
No clothes hanging outside
Hlavní problém s polštinou vidim její psanou formu
They just provide them clothing, food and shelter
Yeah, I understand that the profits taken away from our countries are not transfered to the accounts of ordinary Western European citizens.
And your point is
Sastamala FIN
I thought this was from LotR 200 years later
They were never distinctly feminine, for sure, either vaguely masculine or neuter - in the same way that cartoon characters default to male unless they have a pink bow and eyelashes
Fight for your nation polish brothers
Having it no, having it on the wall inside not really if you are sport fan (my brother used to be a big football fan (meh, soccer, ok
Je mi to u prdele ( It's by an ass)
Palermo, no discussion
It is the mythical land of spirits
But you must be rich you got euro...looks at greece
But I'm from Czechia and it's very easy for us to go to another country since you can reach the borders in three hours from nearly anywhere
chilly - 14-20
There are no planned additional requirements for Ukrainians AFAIK.
" and the combination of half czech half english whole words is really fucking cringe
For technical sciences it's Czech Technical University in Prague (ČVUT) and for everything else it's Charles's University (UK)
\*looks outside\*
It is history in the end, i hope it will never repeat and we will make friends with all our neighbour countries
and I've never seen or heard of this **not** happening.
Good to hear you're over that Toblerone scandal too.
You could just leave the overall sentiment of the posts and only change a few words and it will be like an ordinary religious subreddit
Yeah they also banned protests here
I feel like it would have been more difficult to find a similarly progressive and egalitarian-minded man among Czechs, there's a bit of a macho culture here
We have nice movies
Also the story how Czech goverment bought these APCs which was amphibious but after our armor upgrades they are too heavy to float so now it is ground only vehicle is also funny because goverment paid 3 times bigger money than for example Pandurs exported to Portugal, because the want amphibious version
I hate when this happens, but I know they do even more
Totally, even the people from the capital have their dialect and others cannot stand it
we pretty much took the Polish flag and rammed a blue triangle into it :D
When talking to other Czechs I say I’m from region of city Písek and when talking to other people I say Czech/European
So you don't think lack of human rights is something bad?
title says it all, post the dumbest news articles from today!
It was actually Gorbachev who stopped our bolsheviks from basically gunning down protesting students
The only way to overthrow him is when he starts royally pissing off his voter base
Ukrainian girls are fucking gorgeous, goddamn.
Otherwise same, we didn't really have any
Me too and I was really proud of myself because I don't know how but I won the campaign missions unlike my cousin
I used to dread Easter so much
Czechia is with you brothers
How is that "an opinion"? It's a obvious truth
Im pretty sure a lot of gun shot wounds gets unreported
It's even #2 on r/all currently, WTF
Because of that, I don't really have a reason to borrow books in the library, but I'm still paying fees and going to read my books there
That would make the placement of tens of thousands of troops and weapons in Germany less awkward
Then they spent shitload of money when doing mess in middle east
We're technically a parliamentary democracy, though power has seemingly been slipping more into the presidents hands
Maybe the Czech Rep will but their economic fundamental and geographical position is vastly different.
Nováková. If the man's surname ends with a vowel, it is usually omitted: Mr
Here in Moravia, definitely slivovice (plum spirit)
Yeah, there Is plenty more
In that case, why do you eat it
There are very strict laws about that
Yes, these other countries were part of invasion, but really every one here understand, that their governments were partially puppets of Soviet regime, just like Czechoslovak government which was installed after the invasion
"let everyone do".
The second one hits way too close home
It's easy to love a dictator when you are not the one suffering under his rule.
Some stereotypes are stupid alone
and the consumer goods (luckily we don't need any iphones, we have the Czech Jablotron phones for some EUR 40 - )
Even if you can only speak few words, go for it
We should focus on things that are more urgent now, like Russia.
Vote Le Pen
Trail and college = kolej
It's a fairly new, but groundbreaking field of science.
No, not our neighbors, but Russia isn't far enough TBH
So, you lost 72% of territory, but of non-hungarian ethnic background of the majority.
As a kid I idealized the US, but the more I learned about actual life of average Americans (not the filthy rich individuals shown in Hollywood movies/TV soaps), the less appealing it sounded
Great, creative people that would soar and rise to fame in Western countries, were ruined and bullied and many of them lost a will to live.
It's basically the same meaning as in English - chřestýš, because his tail chřestí.
We have [HONEST GUIDE] It is mostly focused on Prague, but it is great
" - Somebody has a pole in their ass
Any foreign actor doing that should be treated with suspicion.
It's also percieved as mildly offensive here and often connected with Nazism and the way they called us during the Protectorate era, ["Rest-Tschechei"] (after they conquered the borderlands)
>For example, France doesn't have "Religious education" classes
Social Democrats these days are fairly socially progressive, while the Communists are socially conservative
Don't worry my friend, in return they can't taste our glorious Eastern European food!
I also liked [this  video of him] where he talks also about Austrians (and death)
But I was uni student at that point
Getting rid of corrupt politicians could also work, I guess, I just dont know how to do that
[Deutsches Panzermuseum in Munster]
I know a lot of russians who live in Czech Republic, that have no problems
A nuclear warhead is just a shell, primitive in its essence that literally any country in the world with a nuclear reactor capable of enriching uranium can construct.
Myslíš Karla VI
So WTF
They also argue that 2 of same sex could make weird parent as you should have a male and a female role model.
Tlusty is likely one of those
Sometimes I wonder, where Russia is heading
I have 0 blood and i never had a problem with mosquitoes (I get like one bite per summer) or ticks
Netherlands - everyone smokes weed, it’s flat, full of windmills and tulips, everyone cycles everywhere
People working in offices are wearing suit and tie just because they are working in an office
is really perfect in the context of his texts
For instance completely leaving out the idea of central Europe is way too broad and in the end it's basically the equivalent of saying someone from a Swiss village is the same as person from Arctic Norway
>Of course Germany is culturally closer to Romania than Denmark
We used to build these as kids, but they definitely are not common in Czechia
But I'm really curious what would other Czechs, who's our archnemesis :D
Has the czech government decided it has given up running and securing the country and is now hoping to outsource?
Respirator can be a breathing filter + a better mask, or an oxygene supply
I'm sure there are many things in your country that work better than in here which we could envy you.
Wow, what a win, especially with an economy two decades behind them
Leaving the EU and Euro is a bit much though.
In czechia, it’s on evening 24th december
Svíčková is love, svíčková is life
And Britain bulldozing through Europe, since that's satisfying
Italy is not doing bad actually.
I see you don't subscribe to the /r/finlandConspiracy
Usually a couple middle class ones.
However, if we move to legalize it, it should be done in a way that doesn't normalize it
>And some people want it abolished
My reactions was "Finally someone who will finish Brexit" and also
I often hear Germany being called “Říše” - reich/empire
It got repealed in 1960 by the so-called Socialist Constitution, that basically just added the word "socialist" to the name of the state
Yes
Like in Czech, Slovak, Russian, Serbian, Macedonian, Bulgarian and Croatian Záchod = toilet, in Polish,Ukrainian, Slovenian, Belarusian Zachod = West.
Not in sweden, but I will give perspective so you can compare.
Looking through the whole survey, especially striking is that Czechs are apparently significantly below average when it comes to being comfortable with having an atheist coworker - 80% EU average (Comfortable or moderately comfortable), 69% Czech
Yes, the new Europeans - Africans, and Middle Easterners are very progressive in this regard.
He as killed by Czech and Slovak paratroopers who were flown over the Protectorate by a plane in 1942
He was murdered by his brother Boleslaus assassins
Like Bulgarian Sofia
In lots of them the car crashes in the end though
Kostadinov was good and Letchkov, I used to work with a guy  I called Letchkov as he had a similarly balding head with a small tuft of hair at the front
How has ISIS affected your country?
Going to r/me_irl:
English
water 95% of time, otherwise beer.
Did you ever see a firepit
But I'm ok with people in everyday informal speech use -ly
So you could either present him as an Assassin, a Templar, or just some acrobatic neutral villain
But it's not necessary
Better explanation for both to be found on wikipedia, I just don’t see the coma thing
Most restaurants offer "menu" a choice of three or four meals available at lunch time
I never quite understood how that happened
cost of living is insanely high
academics would give you many reasons why Czechia is supposedly culturally closer to Austria and Germany than to other post-Communist nations, but I don't think that's the reason why most people feel so strongly about these labels if we're being honest
Otherwise not, thouh I have seen some hunting rifles hanging on a wall as gameskeeping is quite popular here.
But yeah, czexit is a dumb idea
Im Czech, so every single one, including and maybe especially the Czech Republic
My meal at least 4 times a week.
I love them, but not in the practical sense
When someone decides for abortion, you take it as a murder that was righteous?
I think we did some basics in biology class (my guess would be it was between 6th and 8th year of elementary school)
> As is the “no cappuccino after noon” rule
He did not get the popular vote.
The best cultural example of this archetype would be Vilém the terrible lord of the woods from our most renown poem *Máj.* From historical persons, there are Slovak Jánošík or Ruthenian Nikola Šuhaj which are the most ingrained in our cultural awareness
Hungarians got an equal status and we didn't, that's just a fact
The mountain rescue had to save some lady wearing sandals and socks in the mountains
I don't understand how the hell have we managed to top this chart.
noky"] but the movie's the first I've heard of it
Why is it wrong to swindle corporations out of some of their profits?
It's unreal
Lollygagging
Breaking bad can work well in Czech setting
Next time don't vote for leftists/Islam lovers perhaps
Either some dark forces didn't want us there or I just suck at navigation
I always have to laugh when people make fun of me for "wasting" money on Apple products, but then they buy a new crappy Android every 1-2 years, while I still use my over 6 years old iPhone 6
The pronunciation is very similar
Not a native speaker, but still:
Hodí se ti ten čas
Mine doesn't anymore, because I'm now the tallest one
However if you manage to get to us and befriend us, we really don't care about anything mentioned above and we will gladly drink beer with you
Our partner is Israel, end of story.
For Russia it's worse, but we are responsible for it ourselves.
I was kind of thinking that the answer might be "They don't".
> an old word for a bad flu here, consumption
I think thats just normal number across europe
Country flag is only displayed on national holidays.
But, I always come back to CZ
Yes, it's better, healthier and cheaper than water in a PET bottle.
We haven't decided yet
szczególnie to se čte jako - ščególnie
The lumberjacks ran in to the town to alert a knight Trut (full name: Albrecht from Trautenberg)
I would add that lot of people drinks after sport during the day
IF there is one
Why learn language that is used in one place almost exclusively?
Czechs also think it's their trait
a lot of people mentioned sloth in their languages
Maybe because Czech working market is more interesting for people from Ukraine than in the RO/BG.
These films are my guilty pleasure lol
I really like the german cities' names
As I said, I don't think it's super logical
I wish I was able to just invent a new identity and wipe away my past whenever the hell I felt like it
Italian was about some astrophysics, so it might be the issue
The fleur de lys is such a nice symbol, why'd the state stop using it
God has been dead for some time (and I mean the actual meaning of the quote).
The environment is fucked because planned economies and the weather don't mix well, add´ to the fact that heavy industry is developed immensely
EU4, CK2, XCOM 2, Gwent beta, ETS2
Obviously many would suffer in the process of China becoming rich.
Neat, we have the same thing
I know what "Mitteleuropa means.
We have sex-related curse words as well but they are considered very obscene - unless you live around Ostrava, then *pičo* ("you cunt") is just a filler in every sentence.
It's mainly that one starts to smoke it and then his friends do too as that's the case with my friends
When you get the chance, see the NATO expenditures of European members for 2016.
I'm also not saying that the songs are listened passively over their lifetime (I was talking about the phase when someone is introduced/introduces themself to songs)
Our weakest standard beer has 3
**In order to ensure our security and continued stability, European Union will be reorganized into the First European Empire, for a safe and secure society
Heh, how typical republican approach...
not sure which one is the limit)
Defenestration is a Czech thing.
Sure you can
Terrifying
Quite surprised about Finland, thought they go to some battle royal after 60, or similar.
We had those too, although probably just in the part where I live (Wallachia)
Then you're wrong
The constant shelling that could go on for days, the diseases, the mutilation, the mud, the sense of impending doom, entire areas literally blown to smithereens, tens of thousands of dead in a single attack, facing some of the new horrifying weapons (the flamethrower, chemical weapons, machine guns, tanks
We have kings on our money too
Czech have this too
D. mentions it somewhere (not sure where now) that in the late 40s and early 50s, the percentage of Christians among communist party members was higher than the percentage of Christians in the general population
Yes it is
I always wanted to know how it feels to live in south spain, who knew I already do.
In the East, corruption is often seen as part of the business as usual
* French, which I don't speak and not learning, but it is useful
homosexuál - labužnik perdelówy
>could turn into another Austria (which also had the Red Army on its soil and was not part of NATO but officially neutral
What is that
Odoacer
Unless I'm told to bring something from the fridge or I'm expected to make my meals from what they have (I'm there for longer, I'm close family), I wouldn't do it, yes, I'd think it's very rude
I knew a whole dozen of them - fifteen years ago, that is
Hungary (Neighbouring country, royal marriages, Matthias Corvinus)
Half during he summer and the other during winter.
Shelters
Definitely not the countries in the north nor the countries in the East are socialist
(and correct gender except these two or three multigenders)
It reminds me some banana republic (even though we are definitely one haha)
It's not exactly territorial revisionism but I believe we should return what we've stolen from Germans who lived in our country after WW2.
Nobody I know puts Romania in Central Europe
I was planning on studying in the Netherlands
But please no greens, not again.
Yeah  we've got a type of [Bagpipes ]
Sorry, but /u/Archidiakon is right
The Czechoslovak legion, under the leadership of Radola Gajda, armed with 2 captured steamships, faced off against the Red Army, armed with 2 ships and an armoured train, and won, sinking the Russian ship Bajkal and destroying the nearby train station and harbour
Then we usually visit graveyard to light a candle for our dead relatives.
I dont care that much to be honest, and i dont mind if someone speak with accent at all
Sure, it is not quite like home, but it is similar enough
200 years ago it used to be different, but XX century broke this tradition
I remember learning briefly about different registers of Czech (standard, spoken, etc
I visited Krakow this summer and loved it
Brno
Northern Bohemia
Not all the refugees are this opportunistic, but a significant part is.
Sounds like some local pseudo-science bullshit, to be honest.
Czech word "aktuálně" could be translated as currently in English
I think he has [voiced] this video also
Luckily not the company I'm longing for
Yep, it’s called Winiary, if you ever go to Poland definitely try it, it’s really good
This is difficult, but I tried my best (in brackets are reasons)
At least in Czech Republic it's two different terms and two different sets of rights, so no, it's not the same
Eventuálně - at some instance in Czech
It says, that if let's say Dutch same-sex family is moving to Poland, that they won't face discrimination and legal actions there.
So do you really think that we have religious education
yes, I am surprise you don't have any deli counters in supermarkets at all
>Walking sticks and hiking boots for a trail which locals do on flip flops and Moretti
They are not unfounded, but very well documented
As for why the roles are divided like that, I think the main idea is that the president should be someone less controversial, who isn't an active member of a particular political party and gives the people a sense of unity and wisdom (at least in theory)
Oh yeah, Czech republic for the win <3
In Israel they can get a rifle and shoot the pieces of shit who try to attack them.
Couldn't agree more, it really is a big issue.
For us traditionally it’s plum but pear, apple, and cherries are also popular
He was called the butcher of Prague for a reason
>before modern Slovakia popped out, we had the most friendly relations with Slovaks and Sorbs
Russia, because
It's also because we use different currencies.
Czech
To je mi buřt is like verbatim translation meaning exactly the same
Now that I think about it most Czech folk traditions sound absolutely insane when we explain them to foreigners, like whipping women on Easter, or Devils, Hell and Water spirits who drown people and keep their souls are common children stories protagonists
And slavic comes from "slova
I came here just to write his name as well
People even start gifting them out when there's far too much to eat or bear the smell, and then it becomes another persons problem
> sare = "salt", but also "he/she jumps"
A local Commie representative (whose surname was Hicl) wanted the municipal council to rename the local terrain features (hills with Czechisied German names like "Sumperk", "Kolberk" etc
One of his sons was named Strachkvas which means "Dreadful Feast".
Czech Post
It was - from the second half of the 11th century until 1140
Only when I'm in Prague (maybe once a year, sometimes not even that) and they are all tourists.
If you think your beer is so great then why is your beer consumption so [low?] Huh?
Who would expect the covid cant be dealt with that way
Poor woman
> If Russia wanted to influence Germany by shutting down the Gas supply they could already do that with the other supply lines
Is there a civil war going on there that we don't know about?
Especially with such group
I only found out my card had been blocked when I tried to make a withdrawal a couple days later.
Yeah, our water is clean and good, but in restaurants, they'll usually give you bottled one
Many people think that this institute "makes the rules" of the Czech language, but that's not really true anymore, it works in a descriptive way
Budapešť, with SH
Even though IMO it is more likely that they simply failed to see how serious it is getting in Hungary, since Orbán is much more skilled at what he's doing than PiS.
The same with books - even content of some books was modified - for example in The Day of the Triffids it was China, where Triffids were created, not USSR
Not here really - this is chart of temperatures for the last 30 days in Prague (which is usually the warmest): [
However, I didn't ask them so I am not sure if it's the same thing
Prague is truly gay hot-spot, because it attracts LGBT from the regions and nearby rather homophobic countries like Slovakia, Ukraine but also from the west a lot.
I'd say those are all 'softer sounding' Slavic languages, while Czech is pretty harsh
Oh my bad, completely forgot about it
Raw pork is dangerous to my knowledge (parasites)
Yay
EDIT: misstype
Yes it is normal, we unfortunately use drinking water for everything if I'm not mistaken
Despite me being acclimatised to American culture (so references and vagueness doesn't throw me off), I still find many American philosophies, such as aggressive judging of others' views or being blinded by their status quo (measurement systems, political systems etc
More like "is forming dialectal continuum with the western Ukrainian dialects".
Divine herring, a fish I'd kill for
Maybe we are not ready for a socialist, but it would have been interesting to see them go head to head, I would think.
Going to church getting you into trouble
ę,  *ą*,  ć  a tyhle podobný
The Prague Castle was built and soon it became an important trading and cultural centre
As most of others, in Czechia you've got a subject called *Český jazyk* at school.
If you travel to a small village with like 5 other people in the whole bus, you usually say thank you and bye
Rakousko Uhersko
Pelíšky is generally regarded as the best czech movie, or one of the best atleast.
I swear every other country is at least a bit similar, but not Germany for some reason
Hey, out of curiosity, do you think that a high number of graduates from the arts and such is a factor in the relatively high unemployment of young people in Spain
Nice framing of the picture
Kids after 1 month of quarantine be like:
That's harsh
Before the WW1, Bratislava had tram line to Vienna:
No, I don't like it
It's natural that you spend more.
Sadly, none
Hungarians came to Europe from Ural mts in 9th century.
Nobody except some expats learns czech.
The only benefit I see in that type of a fridge is the ice dispenser, that's what I use when I visit someone with that fridge
It comes from the term “robota” which means forced labour (or just labour), but it’s hardly ever used today
I wonder how old he actually is.
One of the biggest poppy seed producer in the world
That's all, pretty much
In past, the criteria weren't required so strictly (I think neither my country fullfills all of them on 100%) but I think if we want to build a stable consolidated union we should be open but cautions to future enlargements.
A moldy scarecrow that's on the payroll of every major lobby versus a bumbling idiot wannabe entrepreneur with a laughable bankruptcy record.
America first, Czech Republic FIFTY FIRST!
No, I mean the machine that goes [PING
In German it's called "Lokalbahn", but in Slovak it's "električka", ie "tram".
* Osaka
Not only r but l as well
Also 'luna' - feminine is sometimes used in poems and stuff (not really in normal speech)
But what about Voldemort
Actualy, we just see more stupid people now because we share the same platforms with them and the opinions stay there to be read even though the idiots are already gone (twitter comments, youtube comments and, ofcourse, the worse of them all
The test you have to take is the same for all the classes, but some classes require higher percentage of correct answers in a written/theory/legal test.
Most people just burn a fake witch and do bbqs
V seznamu chybí Jan (Lucemburský) a Ludvík (Jagellonský)
Let's refrain from using good or bad
I wish you guys could get on our level :D
God bless him
If you are in for the history, this is pretty good recommendation list.
“Well the world after first world war kinda went downhill
We have a word - píka - pike (kind of a spear i guess) and i think a dick in danish is pik
Overall, I don't think this survey implies that we are as racist or xenophobic as people try to make it out to be
Did he conduct cruel, crazy experiments on people
Maybe some movie or some long forgotten meme
I’d say menus only in English, Chinese or Russian, with no Czech version is even bigger indicator of tourist trap
To be honest I like it
It has to be Kofola for the Czech Republic for sure
Nothing against Russia
Have you ever met someone with an opinion like that
I’m unfamiliar with Brno slang :P
Well, claim, I don't think there's much for "claim" as he basically was Czech - he was born in Czech lands, he lived there, he worked there, of course he also lived in other countries as many others, but if he wrote in Czech I think everyone would consider him Czech author
(not kidding)
Nowadays, the word is used worldwide, but I think that not enough people know of it’s origins
We have the same game here, it's just called "don't be upset, man" (člověče nezlob se), this really brings back memories
It's also the reason why many Czech kids need to go to a speech therapist
And saying the options like "do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend" every time to be inclusive, that's something not many people do or maybe are not willing to do
>Actual is an adjective meaning ‘true’, ‘real’ and ‘the thing in itself’. It does not refer to time
000 e-mails about this topic"
Lets see if they delete this post or not.
Thought that cause of african poverty aren't Europeas but, and I beg Africans for forgiveness, Africans
As well as those in Africa
what weird aspect of our culture are we up to here
I also have Slovak teachers for some of my classes even though I technically study in Czech language only
Oh so everybody forgot article 13 (now 17)
Easy to learn hard to master
No, public schools generally don't. They may have it as an optional class if a certain number of parents request it (or if the whole school is run by a church, then they obviously can make it mandatory), but it's very rare
Our presence is an effective deterrent, and has been for decades.
So I ended up with a bag packed full of garbage that weighed half my weight
Its celebrated because the peasent destroyed like 3 crusades but people tend to make them into some egalitarian heroes or even communist which are also idealized a lot
I’m torn about Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, Hungary, Slovenia, Albania, and Slovakia
Just as Christmas Eve (an actual evening of 24th) is called *Štědrý večer* (Generous Eve) here.
Why do you think that's the case
I don't see why people conflate our rejection of this as contempt for Europeans as people.
Were you just lazy
Yeah, well, obviously it was the Czechs and Slovaks that accepted the idea of a Czechoslovak state
1968 -Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia
Also the tale says something about third brother and that they came from Balkans
Not everyone was the typical dirty peasant without zero outlook
If the rest of Europe was restored to the 1812 conditions as well, then we would be back under the rule of the Habsburg monarchy, so I guess we would have our own issues to worry about
The more I learn about Estonia, the more I like it
Grammar nazi in Spanish is "talibán ortográfico".
Kutná Hora (Kuttenberg) used to be major Czech city until 19 century
Just tunneling the city budget and when someone dies in an "accident" tunneling back to fix it
Discord is very polished and have great usability as well as making big progress forward.
That means guns still havent had time to accumulate
Let them in once they again satisfy the admission criteria.
Even with standard time it was dark when I went to school in winter, so whatever that it gets light bit later
What's also quite different about our langue is that when we put C and H together it's considered it's own letter "CH" ([x])
On one hand I understand that, since being considered Eastern European automatically means that you have to be poor and corrupt based on stupid stereotypes
And it's not like we're the cheapest exporter now just because of the interventions.
North-east of Spain, mentioned in the first verse of "Chancon de Roland":
I suppose "kurva" is the oldest of them, also most useful
Also the 02 floods
Facebook is a great tool to keep up with friends from all over the world, however to use it as a news source or for discussion is a terrible idea.
The hardest part is spelling and even then
Lesser evil
Accurate
The industry preys on vulnerable people who want to earn money and are (yes) often too stupid at that point to recognise the impact of that choice on their future lives
But some people like myself actually don't fancy "the Czech Republic" a lot, so it puts a smile on my face whenever someone uses the short name, as long as they use the correct [pronunciation]
Thank you Romania for being such good pals throughout the 20th century (1919, 1945, 1968)
Wouldnt it be funny if GB would become europes australia?
- [Pebble hunt] basically, everytime you go on a trip you can find little pebbles, the pebbles are decorated like a painting
Snake generally is had
It definitely is celebrated the same as the German guy said but I'm not sure to what extent, because it's not celebrated in cities and big towns
We have just the Christkind (Ježíšek), no Weihnachtsmann
1742 worst day of my life!]#/media/File:Crown_of_Bohemia_1648.png)
You'd leave Moravians and Silesians behind
V Česku to byl Karel III
Kurva
Russia has no right to look this hot
In the jobs Ive worked over the years(admin & now IT) in Prague and Brno there are usually more Slovaks then Czechs
Even adults sometime pee in public ;)
Resistance, sabotage, maybe something to do with the Czechoslovak foreign legions in Russia or UK
Those are quite confusing terms to me, I thought that varenyky was the Ukrainian term and pelmeni Russian for a very similar dish
Czechia can finally into Germanic
Another funny thing is that Denmark actually sends their police officers to help during these occasions :)
Even two can be confusing
I know it's 2001 data, but if I imagine the proportional line going through us, I have to conlude we are (were) the worst.
And this meaning does fit for Český Krumlov
But that's like potato mash from a box
When you say it like that it doesn't sound so bad.
You can tell, that there is election season in France.
Last time I checked Instagram they were still using rage comics
I spend a wonderful hour on a shooting range once and totally loved it.
You know, Germans and their compound words...
Also, Czech nationality consisted of Moravian and Silesian till the last census, when it was given the option to further specify.
I deny the right of the current residents of Catalonia to unilaterally declare independence.
Austria, jeez, it's been 24 years now.
Watched it for the first time month ago
What
End ajem very hepy ded tudej aur juropyjen femyly is sou stonk end junajtyd
Urhg, Urgh, the slavs that speak wierdly dont like us urgh, urgh.
*"the decision threatened gas supplies to Central and Eastern Europe and would strengthen Gazprom’s dominant position in the region"*
Yep
If we say: okay, use this damn game mechanic but admit it's a gambling and behave accordingly, there's a better chance the companies will abide to the laws, will make players register their IDs, pay proper gambling taxes from each microtransaction and whatever else online gambling laws require
Vietnamese people are in a bit of a wierd situation here, some Czechs are pretty xenophobic
Needed to say these answers are optional and a lot of people ignore it.
* homeland — domovina
There are huge shortages of skilled IT professionals, salary-wise it's one of the best fields you can work in and the cost of living to salary ratio is very often as good, sometimes even better, than in some Western European cities.
I agree it's better, but not because it sounds like democracy and stability.
I actually prefer this because it makes people more polite to the staff, because you know they will treat you the same way if you aren't.
Well, shame they didn't catch on.
The Inglehart Chart is interesting, an interesting choice of dimensions.
If you replace KSČ with NSDAP, Czechia with Germany and 1946 with 133, you've described the Nazi takeover of Germany
Actually, according to Wiki it's somewhere in the 300 to 700 year range
Just before covid, I made a three-day trip to Krakow and Birkenau with a friend, and I want to go back so bad, then continue to more cities
Gonna donate some to the hospitals and stores probably
They were mislead by the omnipresent communist propaganda and misinformation campaigns
Because their design is fucking lit
I often shop at an online supermarket, and that one currently has 11 kinds
Šukat
Ok, five and a half minutes, then
I never new why, it was just one of the things that just are
Everybody knows that this won't fly with Spanish government, therefore it has no chance to be actually realized
Our history was very different for hundreds of years till the creation of Czechoslovakia and even then it was like two entities.
Correct me if I am wrong but I think the reason is that "Tschechei" means "Čechy" which is another name for Bohemia so it is not a correct name for the entire country.
Are there neuter nouns that end with an "a"?
Work ethics, employee expectations and overall work-life balance of certain unsilled labour positions here is from the western point of view quite nightmarish
Hundgoulash
People don't know you or your life story, they just see your appearance.
It succeeded (though it was more of a symbol, the Communist party was in ruins already back then)
You don't switch the TV from ČT sport
We are quite similar in many regards
yep, being in neigbouring country, Manner rocks :)
then some Otesánek who ate everything starting with his parents and I would surely find more, I vaguely remember some fairy tale where goat intstines and murdered step sister played a role I read around 10
I hope I won’t offend anyone but it has to be either Silesia or Vysočina
He was portryed on many photos at that time but either from huge distance (100s of meters) or standing facing back to camera
I imagine people who like it as someone who grew in the woods unnoticed and never went to school, and their mom was making it for them
The lease expired several years ago and was renewed
Just a little wide
Yeah you are right
Americans are just Russians that take showers daily, no wonder you are in love <3
It's funny since the Slav name for germans and germany (Německo, Němci) comes from the word  mute'
A daily schedule of planed economics was clearly defined, so if you was outside during working/school hours - let's say between 9AM and 2PM, cop could ask you what are you doing there and he could ask you to show him your ID - it happened to me a twice - when I was out to my doctor appointment
"Foreigners" (Czechs coming from other regions) living there they say sentences like "you've arrived on a barn door during the last flood".
It would be fine if it was only  about money, but with countries like these it is often about influence
Southern Europe (Portugal, Spain, Italy, Greece) and you could do a Balkan subdivision or include them in this
There was no genocide so perhaps the archives must be incomplete
A country of 10M people
How come I have untranslated names in my books
>We want butterflies again
Haha, glad I'm not the only one who had this immediate reaction when seeing the last picture.
but when her mouth and hands are full, she doesn't cause harm
Later gifted to the city of Brno (second largest city in Czechia)
I like English memes more, but sometimes we produce something worth nose exhaling
Pity patriotism is today mostly associated with nationalists and far-right populists.
But you wouldn't be able to change sides here
The second round will knockout Le Pen almost guaranteed
Anyway I was just saying my opinion before this disscusion started I don't mean to argue, just my guesses on the matter.
late 90s. it was a year when the Americans left serious doubt about their driving
But these are only inconvenience for government, because prime minister OWNS largest media house and these I mentioned are just smaller players
[Silesia rightful Bohemian clay!
2016 - year with lowest number of traffic accident deaths since year 1961 (when statistics started).
Exactly, idk why I'm getting downvoted, it's true, and as someone who was going to be a UK resident until brexit happened forcing my partner and myself out (I don't have citizenship, she does, and has always because she's British) I think I'm allowed to have a bit of spite towards the UK's government.
Im no sure guns would change that much
(and hospitals are intentionally kept at 100% capacity because empty hospital beds do not make money - only full ones do)
Otherwise I would've probably starting hating the entire language
fuck, there are so many people using czenglish, even mcdonalds used it once, it was like "Jsi hungry na new burgery
In times when Horst Fuchs was the star
It sounds good, but I'm already fat, owning a deep fryer would probably kill me in a few weeks
- Contact lenses
Lo sabe de las lenguas esclavas, hablo dos y así puedo entender mucho de las otras
I think the funny thing about this picture is that there is the same text covering both czechia and slovakia, while people still thinking of czechoslovakia as one country are another pet peeve of ours, hehe
Actaully they helped Stalinists to enforce their aggressive politics
Which compared to 1,5 hour by plane is too much for a younger child
* Being loud in a public space, especially an enclosed one (like public transport) is considered rude.
we had family nearby with house like this and they were openly jehowist (and probably something else) but yes If I remember correctly these nonsenses on the house was just nonsenses, not jehova related
Without EU co-funding the pace of development would grind to a halt and the public budgets would freefall into debt if we still wanted to build anything here
Hence, all grade schoolers now have to at some point memorize the list of words perfectly and it's a big part of their evaluation
In premium games 100% I don't pay for game to pay more
in Czech, informal is the same as singular (ty) and formal is the same as plural (vy):
"Wait a minute
Unfortunately the same is happening here too
We will be annexed in few days :(
You will unfortunately need to choose between summer or winter time soon, but I have read that Spanish people actually support summer time
"alright guys, we've finished the chapter
Bullshit
24th of December
I think Bohemia is much cooler than Czechia
Heh, it's not really that important in real life
1938: Munich agreement
OP said he wants the worst music, not the best
But since they are child stories, these things in them are said in such manner that I don't think it disturbs children, only parents who think about it as adults, I certainly didn't find anything weird about girls cuting off toes and heels to fit in shoe as a child, because I didn't think about it more than "it's just magical story".
Prague is the last place that protests are meaningful since he's got little to no support there - people from Prague aren't going to be bribed by few hundred crowns and overlook his corruption and dismantling of institutions
They love it because it hurts the West.
Did any of them undertake a complex administrative feat like a detailed population census for example?
EDIT:
Because we have beautiful old buildings in almost every city, that would be overshadowed (literally) by them
Oh its USA, its ok, nevermind
Ok this is freaky to see on the front page because I was literally just here about an hour ago
But many times I have had it really bland, it was dry and full of eggs, like this one
One of our politicians went to Taiwan to discuss trade
By the way, the correct pronunciation is ["Check-i-ea"]
I refuse to recognize this as music
Also, you're wrong
Their main thing is being socially conservative and appealing to their dedicated old christian voter base, which has been shrinking so they get around 5% of the vote these days
then hygiene office comes, and decides that it isn’t acceptable, and decides to torn the house down
Fuck harsh winters, Mediterranean temperatures are the best
We've one of the geratest eductions systems too
Also the 02 floods
His party gained big percentage this elections so hopefully it'll get balanced out the next one
Even the train ride from the airport can be more expensive than the flight itself
And your strongest argument is "But ewww its wierd!".
The first time I encounter a spelling bee was during watching Southpark and was just thinking they are mocking some knowledge competition or whatever
Czech
Czech that doesn't like beer
less than 15 had French and the rest had German.
Our history with guns started before America was even discovered
in our strategic interest
Many of my fellow nationals are unfortunately totally ignorant and think that just because Roma (people) and Romania (country) sounds similar that means that you're indeed a gypsy country.
V Českých Budějovicích by chtěl žít každý!
You need good policing and military all over the place to quell them, then flush them out with special forces.
He is scrapping the state budget and state reserves, maybe for him I will never receive a pension from Czechia, because he needs money for his populist gestures for stupid uneducated people
> I love Europe, because I am European
Terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city
I am sorry, throw me out please
[Czech president Miloš Zeman]
Bohemia "Čechy" is land in Czechia "Česko"
Also could you please send me a link for the list, once you’re done
Nah, it's definitely not just you.
Next prove of Russia is that, what happened today
We even buried some Germans in river hehe
I didn't say instigate, I said help
(or Blackberry)
That's where The Mentalist operates
I wanted to write "homo sapiens"  ut you were faster xD
No, seriously, tell me one interesting thing
You don't have closed schools
Munich Conference probably
Here, rarely maybe some private schools
But in a broader context, it's bullshit.
German and Austrian countryside/villages will look a bit more cleaner and polished usually
Well, it´s because old generation of people remember socialist rule, and they think when they elect them again they will have bigger payment as it was before 1989.
Illyrians probably also came from steppes in north east though long before Slavs.
Nobody can name them all or find them on the map, but when we hear it, we just kinda know it's from somewhere in the US
On Czech television they even show all the memes before the match :D
(no, seriously, have a mercy upon her battered soul and start acting like adults
Make it happen
Leading by example
A movie named 'Singapore sling', but watch it carefully
He was popular among Austrians.
Well, time to switch to the Karlsbad dumplings and bread dumplings
- Italian restaurants are also sort of common
What is vsauce michael doing in there
Not necessarily the one you are able to speak, but the one you can enjoy listening even though you don't understand it.
I guess since I don't live in a large town, stopping by the post office is really not a huge issue
But you do it when you say "Czech", why would that suddenly change
In any case, I don't know a single Czech person who could actually speak Slovak fluently
Hasn't really happened for the past few years I think tho
The same thing will happen to Falcon, but it is a fifteen years younger system so it's fifteen years less mature at this point (and also it's still being significantly upgraded, unlike Ariane 5, which may introduce new problems to be addressed).
Yes, it's an exonym and Czechs never used it in their own language
Anyway I wish best luck to your nation and those which are losing population since it will be big problem in the future.
The "sono cieco / ceco" joke still hasn't been done to death
Wow, didn't know that
Every police officer is armed with service pistol, in our case CZ 75 D compact, some police patrols have long firearms in the trunk of the car
I am in that cold hell in the middle
A few carlist wars, coups d'êtat, Bourbons replaced by an Italian guy, all this stuff
Nah that was just my inner voice and it was caused by living in a bubble called the Czech Republic.
Austria
But how would you put that difference into a feasible regulation that does not require a committee which checks every single product?
1) Do you believe the NATO alliance, and the US military in particular, is important to Europe?
No, which is sad, I honestly like middle names
I would just not like to see the treaty collapse just because of a Dutch referendum that only some 30% of people took part in and that has nothing to do with the rest of the EU.
Our fruit dumplings come in 2 types of dough, either quark or yeasted dough
they will still find their way to Germany.
Europe is super competitive continent.
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet
As I said, Moravians are butthurt over it.
Well sure, I get that, but how about some basic human empathy?
All women above 16 were send to concentration camps
I don't remember any surprising questions
Pokud se nepočítá Karel Bavorský, tak jo
Their voters tend to be highly educated and urban
You can go anywhere anytime
I fadely remember this
it's really weird
Outside of the internet, never.
Him speaking Czech wasn't anything special, many Sudetengermans did, just like many Czechs spoke German
Apparently they don't come to take any land, though, they only want the beer and to fuck some shit up
Lot of Easter and Christmas traditions are disappearing
OP, it's understandable that you believed [that]
Only problem is that we need more respirators bud we should get a big delivery later today
Gottwald only declined because, aside from not wanting the risk of being made redundant by an army commanded directly from Moscow, he was certain the political pressure, combined with the threat of civil war would be sufficient to force Beneš to concede
Even flags are almost identical with just different arms of coat.
There is usually dress code, recommending wearing suits and dresses
That's true, I just assumed that u/dsmid was specifically talking about "vyjmenovaná slova" - which is a list of words in the root of which the "y" is written
My teacher said it is because peasants rised cows and nobles ate beef
The division of former Czechoslovakia in the Czech republic and Slovakia is striking in this case
Try finding a job and maintaining decent relationships later in your life if a video of hardcore anal gangbang featuring 19-year-old you is circulating online, potentially totally humiliating you when your partner/colleagues find it
Examples of the legal differences (but there are way more): unable to adopt a child, unable to foster a child, legally you don't have in-laws, you can only get "married" at a few selected institutions and can't have legal witnesses, in case of a divorce there are no laws about dividing shared property, in case of death of one of the partners you're not entitled to the money widow(er)'s get from state
With a knife, ideally
Let's see where EMA and EBA relocate.
I personally would like to see Assassin's Creed in Prague during the reign of Rudolf II
A couple years ago, they had fewer than 2000 carry licences for private persons and, as far as I know, that number has been decreasing steadily for years
I thought the same thing as a kid
because of their state debt which exploded from nearly nothing at end of commie era to 60+% of gdp by now
I guess that was more like everyone else's bruh moment though
Theyre both good, but both so different
I mean not that they originally come from Romania (I think the consensus is that they originally came from India), but that Romania is something like their main adopted country in Europe.
Interesting, that they haven't continued across the strait in North Africa.
In Czechia we also use “To jsem z toho Maďar
I would say it used to be more common up until maybe the mid-2010s, then it started dying out
Ministry of Defence & Armed Forces
Good half of them are just sport team subreddits
Some people would say it's Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk or Emperor Karel IV but I'd go with St.
In nature I agree with you
From some perspective, Switzerland is kinda similar, Czechia and Austria are really close together, because of our history and when I was in Switzerland, I felt like being in Austria, so from one perspective, Switzerland and Czechia are kinda similar
Just consider the size of ah average knife and of the average bullet
nope, I just don't want to pay more in case they are charging card fees to the customer or keep this rip off on their side.
With Czechs people above 50 are written off as the communist generation
Sadly the city is being besieged by chinese tourists in the past years, so it basically became a theme park
Thousands lost their jobs and were persecuted by the regime until 1989
Did you park your car on a sidewalk at 1am for 5 minutes and someone called the police
*they speak czech with a heavy prague accent and slang
Well expect for the English speaking expat bubbles, but then those don't cause any problems, so nobody really minds about it.
<-8/-5c freezing
You should look up how much baked beans the UK consumes
Yeah
**In order to ensure our security and continued stability, European Union will be reorganized into the First European Empire, for a safe and secure society
Except it will not
>Fucked up immigration policies
Prague Astronomical Clock
Thanks
Ano sounds way too formal for ordinary people to use in a casual conversation
If it was widely accepted, I’d state my “nationality” as european
We will be around 37-38% public debt at year-end 2016.
Here in Czechia, I often go to so called hypermarkets, because the variety of foods is much bigger than in small ones
You dont have any advantage
The black market always exists, whether guns are legal or not
If you insult local favorite football team, you are a ded man
It's a saying for children, so that if they would not eat anything before the Christmas dinner, they would see a golden pig
" -  Jiří Květoslav Hrubý
Plus other things down the road, but this was the final straw for Prague's prominence.
I would say the [Czech tramping culture] which also is kinda connected to the [Czech kutilství (DIY culture)] (which is not as unique as the tramping but the whole DIY mindset is more common here than in other countries I've been to)
And fuck Turkey, they are just a bunch of hypocrites
I've never traveled by train abroad (mostly because there wasn't any reason), but I'd like to
EU supports regional culture a lot.
and would that be a tragedy in your country?
Prague and Brno, and even tho especially Prague has some problems with tourism, it still has it's own character only known for locals
If so, then you can notice that ČT basically ignores this thing.
haha, no
I miss you to Guys, nearest Austrian city(Retz) is like 15min by car from my home and It really frustrate me that I cant visit
Slightly Awkward, considering Trump is Putin's buddy.
The craziest part is that as time went on the amount of shit (such as books) in my backpack decreased instead of increasing as the difficulty grew
For example look at Germany and you can see how their Nazi experience to large extent shapes their foreign policy until today.
Oh, well, I'm too lazy to delete it now
It is regional/cultural map of Europe
nominative | voda | vody| woda | wody
It's also the reason why many Czech kids need to go to a speech therapist
I see
As sad as it is, some people kept their slavic closed-minded and redneck traits.
Yea, but we dont have one president for one lifetime like Russians have
So do you really think that we have religious education
They still teach how to read cursive too
> Power systems, track gauges, signals, platform heights, etc
For our similarities its sounds like Czech but mor cuter witch poetic charm to it
I think it's a bit sad that he's ranking so low
It takes 2 hours to get from Prague to Brno
And also our money is called crowns so that's cool
Above them there are 2 highest courts: Highest (or Supreme) Court of Republic and Highest/Supreme administrative Court of the Republic
Spain is more than willing to take it back.
In fact the anschluss was peaceful because 99
Viléme
:) I commend you for your choices, but the best ice cream I have ever had was a strawbery one in Hungary
I tried to avoid staring and almost hit a lamppost.
I've seen some rugby matches on sport channels, but only sometimes
For me Its the Netherlands I went there when I was 19 when I finished high school even tho the job Ive done was quite shitty I really enjoyed my time there, I was blown Away by the public transport and the way how the country was organised, I lived in the small town called Vught and people were very nice to me, this experience was definitelly valuable for me
It's called "syllabic consonant" (sometimes also "vocalic consonant"), English has them as well
also: how does he like current US regime
When I first learned of spelling contests as a little kid (from that Simpsons episode), I thought they are either made up, or that they are for mentally disabled contestants
It was this [scientific calculator Casio] with the cover you could slip the calculator into from both sides
Not that they changed the legal age or anything, it's been 18 as long as I can remember, but the first time I got drunk was when I was 14
We transported a few dozens of them directly from MidEast refugee camps and most of them left to Germany after a month or so.
It happens everywhere in the world that people just assume other people look at things with the same perspective as them.
And a funny story, my wife told me I kill every conversation anyone tries with me without knowing
Next up they should travel to some of the immigrant districts in North-Eastern Paris.
Frankly I think anyone that "frowns upon this" is a wasteful fu***ss
this is why when ppl say Russia has economy of Italy, I just say "sure but look at their nukes."
Člověče nezlob se (Don't be angry man) and Prší (Raining) which is a card game
I haven't seen it in a very long time
Well of course it takes long, when everybody and their mum can delay the process through bureaucratic machinations to squeeze some bribes from the state
) accent and it sounds very funny
> Knight ther was, and that a worthy man, and then I don't really get anything, but it still looks like English more or less
Hopefully one day
I bet most guns in Sweden are hunting rifles and shotguns
Do you know how many work visas has Poland handed out already?
Also internet grocery stores are implementing this option as well
The animate/inanimate gender variants are sometimes considered a separate gender.
despite what /u/Thegreatflea says, foreign soldier graves are a long time problem with Russia
Oh yes, and hemp flavoured absinthe, the traditional Czech drink of choice
Otherwise the victim bleeds out in both cases
I need to browse r/aww for an hour at least after seeing these yokels
Mamánek maybe
As well, lot of Americans buy it on credit, while I think most of Europeans buy the phone upfront
The Munich conference was the last nail to the coffin
Get yourself some blinds
It was awful
Surprising amount of my classmates are quite clueless unless you really guide them step by step
, protože jeho císařské angažmá stálo za starou bačkoru - Němci ho sesadili
For the love of god, don't say that Polka originated in Poland
For being a citizen not (if you meet legal criteria, you can obtain it), for having the country's nationality imho rather yes though according to our Constitution one's nationality is purely a matter of conscience.
Fun Fact: PEGI is advisory - this game SHOULD be played by ppl 18+, but anyone cam buy it
Just from the command structure, which isn't that major if you think about it.
so probably
Had a bad experience with the bus transfer.
The third one (contro tutti) was screened during iron curtain times at least once per year.
Bratia = Bros
In Grammar school we had 2-3, but they only taught "conversational" lessons (1 per week) and didn't really speak Czech.
How manny people have been killed by legal private owned guns (including suicide) in the last year in all of Europe?
If you don't need fillings to qualify, oh boy
V historii se docela význam, jen jsem myslel že mluvíš o jiném Karlovi, a to o posledním českým královi Karlovi VI
It causes a lot confusion in english lessons
What's brexit
Millions of illegal immigrants are still here and thousands are pouring into our borders each day.
Neither of those thing is racist.
For example if the pub is full and you come, the bartender may sit different people together so there would be a room for you, or you may get things that are not on the menu
Why has the global version of christmas has to be that lousy Santa Claus when this exists
Čistit, leštit
I mean, that's even what we're taught in schools in geography classes.
Meh, Mexico doesn't have state enemies.
It feels like Czech republic spanning over a greater area and with generational wealth, meaning a larger number of gorgeous castles and fancy governmental buildings
Now we have roddent apocalypse on the fields, so many small mices are running around
I personaly generaly prefer your TV to US one, some of my all time favourites comedies such as Yes minister/Prime minister, Black Books, IT crowd, Vicious, Red dwarf are way better than any US comedy I ever saw.
He was swearing about it constantly, though
" "Who is calling you
Your head of state who represents the UK's national interests in the European Council is indirectly elected
D. mentions it somewhere (not sure where now) that in the late 40s and early 50s, the percentage of Christians among communist party members was higher than the percentage of Christians in the general population
" without actually entering when there's no reply so we've never seen that as a problem (also, this obviously used to happen more before we had mobile phones - it's pretty rare these days)
We had a protestant religion almost a century before Luther wrote 95 thesis
"F"
Hey, there's a higher one right there
Step: 1 Take the biggest current Prague number
in Sweden yet, where if politician is convicted with direct evidence of corruption or abuse of power he/she resign immediately.
Whether *koprovka* ("dill cream sauce") is great or terrible
Dunno, was too drunk to listen
Also if EU is good or not
Some of those we use in our Czechisied German words too
) its overpriced
oh boy
Can't wait for Battle of Britain 2 movie
It may surprise you
Before Trump, I'd probably say Russia.
Having such an Asian minority might not appear unusual for European countries with former colonial empires, but Czech republic is a landlocked, non-colonial and ethnically mostly homogenous country
You don't understand the Incompetence of the Government
Junky - smažka - fried person
Like the Roman author Ovidius Naso
So 6 in total
Well yes, kinda
And then the rest of the world.
Also it gets annoying when people think we were "renamed", we weren't, only now we added a short form
He’s originally Slovak so would be great if they just took him back haha
When we talk with each other, we each usually use our respective mother tongues because they are mutually intelligible
me, a Czech: I'm in danger
I like *Czechlands*, but I don't use it either, because noone else does.
I guess the same applies to almost any place in this country
So for example CZ has a great biological warfare regimens, good specialists and some decent techs, but we have comparatively very small raw manpower and infrastructure
No these are different populists
Still better than catching corona tho
From Ancona you are in 4 hours in Rome by a train.
This looks better than it is
The highest class of minimum wages should earn double of these posted numbers.
Aj still hef a drím, aj hef a drim thet juan dej this nejšn vil rajs up and lif ap
We have a bunch of old Slavic names that are rarely used
I would like to thank Romania for not invading us in 1968
Twice a year for a check up as you are supposed to
Even though Germans knew what crimes their SS and Nazi officials did after war ended
In Czechia, Moneta Money Bank ATMs ask for additional 7 EUR, ČS ATMs asks for 5 EUR, on Rhode, the Pireus Bank ATM asked for 3 EUR and so on
Neither of them was particularly bitter about Germans
If I'm not wrong, the legality is only being questioned by a small number of people, who happen to be some of those affected by the use pf ad blockers.
And the point is, while it's a great feat being/becoming the embodiment of the contemporary taste/fad, it's only that
>(2) The Czech Republic shall observe its obligations under international law
a (and), i (and, also), k (to, for), v (in), z (from), s (with), o (about), u (near, by)
>tons of Swedes believe Sweden is the best country in the world and the Swedish way is the best, and they're not hesitant about pointing it out
The bastard is 20 years old, and refuses to die
They abound in meat and bread the most, not so much in wine, for which they substitute with beer
No sea for us and still next to slovakia and germany, not much difference
Sadly, normal in the world is lack of education and superstition.
It is 100% correct description of Czechs in general
Since now, I evade supermarkets when on vacation in favour of local bakeries and farmers
A gigantic, overwhelming portion of the Czech national identity is being able to speak the language on at least a fluent-ish level, generally not giving a fuck about any "heritage" or other crap
I would bet some EU members won't come to the aid of a Baltic State.
I won't publish the exact places here, either, but if you're interested, I can give you some info on where to start looking
Hm interesting
However, most of us still recognize their cultural and artistic value and are fine with taking care of them on the same level as castles, museums etc
If you would cycle for only 10-15 minutes, it would not be that exhausting
I like our anthem
Personally I would choose Munich & Burges
To dance csárdás properly is much more difficult than polka.
It's just an instance of [this generic theme] [Another case] on the front page right now.
Well, I don't mean to dispute what you say, but you could probably come up with plenty of negatives in pretty much every country in the world.
Yeah, but here only like within 15 minutes after sunset you can still read, but at 22h (after 45 minutes) it is practically dark - only at the west, the sky is not fully black but dark blue
An aggressive 18-years-old threatened his step-father and mother, two policemen came to arrest him, he attacked them with a wooden stick and then put out a knife and stabbed both officers.
I'm very often being offered alcohol especially by older family members who are for whatever reason unable to understand I really don't want it.
Often placed as 3rd most atheistic country in a world (right behind China and Japan).
This one uses the other meaning of the adjective, because you're one level up
EU as a whole, with comparable population to the US, has on average 260,000 new daily cases the past few days compared to US's 120,000 cases yesterday
Now is the dominant party populist ANO (support ~30%) followed by Civic Democrats and Pirates (both ~15%)
I am not obtuse, I am curious
I don't know)
It looks like the unrevealed sections of a map
[The Estates Theatre] in Prague is the only surviving still operational theatre where Mozart performed.
Radio Airplay chart: [Chinaski - Kapradí] (typically generic and boring Czech pop-rock that radios play over and over for 30 years)
I've been to Tunisia once on an exchange program and have some Tunisian, Algerian, Morrocan and Egyptian friends
They will buy what they can to get know-how and then leave us here to rot
Not a weapon, just trying stuff
Technically Hitler
I was really disapointed by Pisa
In the beginning of the video, I am like: yes go Castile and Aragon, hunt them down.
There's not much to choose from when it comes to domestic funds.
Yup, I travel around 360 km as student and usually pay between 2-4€
I was kind of thinking that the answer might be "They don't".
v - in, inside
I think every country has it's own rules now
Loved to read that books
Not officially, but Russia was involved, including anti-air, air and naval support
In my hometown of Brno we have extensive underground areas
Funilly enough, i know a Baasha and she is Polish
Actually US has a lot more freedom of speech protection, however EU tends to be more tolerant.
Is his name Ivan by any chance
Btw, "uhry" also means "pimples" in Czech, but the etymology is unrelated)
it is a bacon or blubber type bacon, pretty big pieces on this example
That bearded lady was from Austria, anyway
I claim that the development in the EU is worrying, and there are talks of creating a unified army
But I get that more trade with Sweden is not essential to you.
Although, I think I'm not exactly *average case*, I manage to work regular full time (8h/day), commute (40min/day), enjoy my many hobbies (if anything, my number one first world problem is managing all of my hobbies), eat 3 meals a day (although breakfast is usually something quick lice cereal), cook regularly (prepare a proper meal for at lest 3-4 days of the work week on Sunday; if I don't it's mostly just matter of laziness) and sleep somewhat ok (usually around 6-7 hours)
If I criticize the EU, obviously I agree everyone should do the same.
nah here as well
Come here, bro, gimme a hug
and Operation Flashpoint, Original War, Inqusitor, Polda, Spellcross etc
people known for tax evasions and great relations with politicians.
Both suffered from being forced into adapting a different culture, almost letting their identity to be wiped out
For real, It was because the Czech Republic Sounded the same as Chechen Republic, or Chechnya
You fold the back seats in your family wagon, and pray to good which we don't believe in, or keep the back door slightly open, make sure it ain't going nowhere, put a red flag on it if its long enough (red flag=any red old rag) and hit the road
We need a force able to stop a terrorist attack effectively and quickly.
I would love it they would air Die Hard, at Christmas, actually, I'll look if they are
Potato salad without mayo is heresy
The craziest part is that as time went on the amount of shit (such as books) in my backpack decreased instead of increasing as the difficulty grew
It used to be “schedule” and “uncomfortable”, but recently I found out that I cannot say “Brazil” and pronounce it as “Brazzle”
Czechia
10 of the ECHR says "Every person" not "every european citicen",
She expected there to be no cars or clean water
we seem to be average as it gets
Yeah data lenses could be used.
>it is silly to think they could resist the pressure of moscow if there really was a big push to do something
That would be _prach_ in Czech.
My dad knows no English and my mother only understands the basics, yet neother of them wanted to hear that word
Probalby "'žiš a co jako
Spice varies regionally but usually it's salt, pepper, newspice, marjoram, ginger, and garlic.
Also study visa for Ukrainians allow full-time employment during studium, and after graduation you are granted work visa authomatically.
Sice je, ale nezávislé Československo vedlo k znásilnění nacisty a poté sověty
was there hostility between bosnians and croats before the wars?
Also:
sorry I missed that completely, not being native english speaker I can't read "between the lines" all the time
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life
Kačka can be either duck or familiar nickname to crown (currency)
[President of the Czech republic on holiday]
Try finding a job and maintaining decent relationships later in your life if a video of hardcore anal gangbang featuring 19-year-old you is circulating online, potentially totally humiliating you when your partner/colleagues find it
Apparently there has been a lawsuit about that in 2017
"Dělat mrtvého brouka" - to play a dead beetle; pretending you're not there
The original home of Budweiser.
Right now I feel like it's 80 at least
I can imagine for example someone who grew up here since childhood (and - let's be real - who isn't black or brown), but just happened to be born elsewhere, getting elected in a few years, why not
Kurva is the superior swear word
Everyone was more scared of the Red Army back then, even Russians
I guess it's quite obvious with those numbers, but I visited at least 10 places which were in a movie
if I couldn't use it for pension funds I would let it fall through
Ah, you're right
I've seen something similar in Poland
Most common theory is that it comes from word describing forest removal with fire, that happened here during early middle age
What border
It's enough time for one or two of the most notorious tourist routes.
Song about tracksuits
* **Valašsko (westernmost Carpathians):** Wild mountains with wolves and bears and long tradition of shepherdry
Build up the ecosystems so that users are encouraged not to switch and you're all set
grabbed the tickets and left
The roofing is obviously the same in wooden and brick houses, so no difference there
Of course in the ideal case we would run refugee camps in the North Africa and we would be bringing everyone there and then let in Europe only carefully selected people.
So yeah, it’s kinda supposed to be a balance (and they teach us in schools about said balance), but the reality is different
Unhappy crowd will grow stronger and stronger
Thanks
And in doing so it will then break the law.
Germany is the engine of EU and France is the driver
You can bring in 1L of hard liquor or 16L of beer: People living close to the border can simply walk across every day for a few years with their friends to slowly stockpile for the rest of the year
-Purn (Low quality shitposts)
I would guess that the whole continent leans a bit more towards dogs, but not as much as most Czechs
Sometimes the train/bus just arrived early and it drove off before it should’ve
We have few of them
UHT milk is up to personal preference, but I'd say that most people probably have it in the fridge too, unless they buy milk cartons in bulk or something
For Czechia Hussite Wars or assassination of Heydrich
Only "Běž domů Ivane" (Go home Ivan) comes to my mind
I'd say nothing is taboo, from innocent to DOOM level of brutal, puns and wordplays, but we mostly make fun of others (nations, groups, people), but in great fun offensive, not hateful offensive
he was known because of his [ex-wife] who is/was Czech
Franchesco Serruti
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This shouldn't be the trick of the Italian, but the trick of FOLLOWING THE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS ON THE PACKAGING
I like this happy [Czech/Moravian song]
In late middle ages, the way to avoid death penalty was, to be lowered in the hole in the rock, to tell them what's in there and most prisioners chose death over freedom, but those who chose to be lowered there went crazy according to the legend
Ofir Akunis, Israeli Minister of Science, Technology and Space, thanked the Czech Parliament and the country, describing it as a "heroic act" and reaffirming the close relationship between the countries
Czech republic of course
Also, reminds me that they weren't that different from us
*pozavírat* - to perform a continuous action of closing several items (e.g.
The first three countries with the lowest GINI index is Slovakia, Slovenia and the Czech republic.
So what the heck are you even talking about
And the EU politicians, by definition, aren't saints either
Yeah you can't do whatever you want, but it's better than the sublease.
Well, yes, but actually
yeah, that kid is czech
I've seen native people totally confused by "dojela jsme" in a car advertising
Welcome Bulgaria
apocalypse would be great, finally I'd have a chance to kill my neighbors and get away with it!
Can someone tell me why it's built that way
In drinks and restaurants, yes.
but what is the purpose of this queue
if yes go to step 1 and subtract a number if not you have your answer
I would say the truth lies in between.
"They will fart my dick" is my new favourite phrase
All prices in shop are using only 1 decimal place
Janek Rubeš and his Honest Guide
What about some saint that absolutely shouldn't be saints
Looks like an old little phone to me
I think I could make that from head
Its very sad that even today are people who think that russians were the good ones during and specially after WW2
Děkuji, Thank you, Danke, Bedankt, Hvala, Chvála
I like the little bridge between the buildings and I can't explain why
There is also a lot of detective films (Rex and Alarm für Kobra 11 are VERY popular)
even better yet Czechia
Most of /r/Europe is extremely pro-EU so there aren't really any opponents here.
You want to be the citizen, you need to speak the language, period
While I am as anti-commie and anti-PRC as one can be, it needs to be said that recognizing RoC as the legitimate Chinese government would be a big economic hit to any country
Yea Bavaria as well
But nooo NATO just HAD to have a shorthand name
The world will probably express deep concerns.
Or moving students between faculties.
dude, you work and live in Germany, how do you not know that?
Many ancestors fought in various wars (earliest one I definititely know about being Seven Years War)
I can't identify native speaker of any language including Czech
I'm team sour cream
I know it's japanese, but damn is it funny and kinda good at the same time
In Czechia, We have one guy his name is Petr Cibulka, he is each term running for elections and he always takes one voting paper just for himself because the name of his party is:
I wouldn't be worried about that
But better than being occupied by nazis
Catalonia should demand a Spanish-wide referendum on whether or not they should be allowed to leave.
&#x200B;
Czechia to Checkia/Chekhia and the Czech Republic to the Check Republic/the Chekh Republic
[This] is what it really sounds like.
I'd add "Deník N" and "neovlivni
Something a bit more exotic, that's hard to learn and is widely used
LOL you guys would just love to see Europe split again
I hate going to the touristy areas, because I know Ill have to deal with a fuck ton of tourists who soooo slow
They can also take it throught Norway Oblast
This colossal insanity has to be stopped
It would be nice to send all this politics bullshit somewhere else
There is so much information online so if you are willing to spend a few minutes to look stuff up you should be fine
Meth is produced and consumed here (it was even mentioned in original show), and Mexican cartel can be replaced with Vietnamese gang
Obviously with a degree your options would be even better but as I said, there really is a big shortage of IT skilled people, so the employers don't get to be so picky.
yep pretty safe, I don't think so anything worse than human centipede can happen
WTF is this
Tbh, I'm not really sure what rugby is, so probably not a lot
It's a fucking plant
That’s true, yeah
And Ombudsman
But yeah, people (especially the ones living in Bohemia) make fun of them
The POW's especially are inflating the casulties numbers
Then she pleaded to visit her mother, so he let her, but the mother didn't want to let her go back - and when the vodník came for her, saying she needs to go back "home", the baby needs to eat and what not and the mother kept sending him away, he left and let the decapitated baby by their door
She insisted we go to KFC because she loved it, and thought it would make me feel at home
Most of the people who were in the party 10 years ago are still there, and they're greedy fucks that don't give a crap about social mobility or the environment
When there is a wanted suspect it is not at all unreasonable or uncommon for government agencies in most nations to disseminate information about the suspect.
who wants to work and drink beer, is welcome here
Europe will relatively decline because other regions will develop
It can last until 26 if the person is studying
[kurvítko] — a component which assures the planned obsolescence of a given good
Czechs have almost no Christian holidays (discounting Christmas, we would have none), so we can have more "national" ones
I applaud your knowledge of the term "hladinka". You made this Czech happy
I'd like to see the list of countries which have Russia as an enemy
I think, no
It doesn't have a name as far as I know
What kinds of public female-only places are managed in Germany by Arab and Turkish people?
You'll be fine, just make sure to read up the guide on avoiding conscription.
But then again, we had a large building fire that killed several people, so it obviously wasn’t the very top one
Theyre shall issue just like any gun thats not Cat
And we can actually carry guns here
Bramborové knedlíky (potato d.)
My picks would be Emanuel Moravec, Zikmund Lucembursky, or just Habsburgs in general to name a few
Three or four shots won't kill you lol
English
Well it's a good thing that any country which doesn't want to lose its veto can just veto anything that would take it away, until it actually wants to take it away
I don't hate it either, but out of all alcohol options that you can get, beer occupies a low spot on my preference list
Well at least we drink the most beer
In Czechia (and I would expect that in other slavic languages as well) we have the same problem
Here we think of generations only in a few dimensions
We have the general elections in October and the two strongest parties (currently in a government together) are at each other's throats.
It’s biological
god has left northern bohemia long ago
All then stuffed into the pig's intestines and cooked.
In Czechia, one of two variants (arguably not the one parents use with children) is "Do you have a pole(1) in your ass
From where you ?
Well I think that it's best to do a geographical division as the following one to be at least moderately accurate
Czech Republic decided not to join, so Czech citizens don't get benefits abroad -- but foreign citizens don't get benefits in Czech Republic
Or does ANYONE really celebrate 5th of July by dressing up like Cyril/Method and the like
*Russia: Reveal your own Russia*
We are preparing for the worst but everyone is calm
why are lions always so weird in coat of arms
Na rozdíl od něj byl ale Bavor korunovaný, tak si udělej vlastní obrázek, jak to brát.
Of course
And the assassination of Heydrich of course
True, but let's say a blog gives you their content for free hoping that you or any other user will click on ad.
Actually, "ë" is pronounced "yo".
Took them a while to realize you can't do that by force :)
And now in uni, I carry one notebook where I occasionally write something but other than that, nothing since everything is online these days
3 - we invented semtex
Only in Firenze or  Venezia you can stay for years to study all the artworks there
(And they sound different)
Something like:
>they should just ban them
3% of the population is pretty significant, especially compared to the rest of Europe
That's really sad and I'm sorry for that, but I'm still shocked that this is a thing in Prague.
I wouldn't rely on something he said just once, especially with things about other politicians like Trump or Orbán. If you look at the record of what he said, you'll see exact opposites in his opinions - many more than the two I listed above
I only know there is an entrance in almost every basement and there is also a barricaded surface entrance around 240 meters away from my home
You haven’t got a good one then
I know some Slovaks who can speak Czech very well, but their writing in Czech is very poor
one thing bro
what's the dumbest article on your local news site / newspaper today?
(...) Do not request of me ornamental expressions
I’ve only heard of (and participated in) the national conversational competition
I'm not sure how unique it is to our langue, but we can make entire words with no vowels
Germans
And what concerns the event itself, I'm ... unmoved
" is the more commonly known part, and sounds just ridiculous out of context
Daughter of top EU official raped and murdered in Germany - Afghan migrant admits killing
See
Every single one of them is pronounced differently
Complete secondary education which is necessary for universities takes at least 4 years so people starting with universities at age 19-20
I had a weak moustache, chin and sides
Oh childhood
Passport and waist = pas
For example when Alexander G. Bell invented telephone
Don't make graffiti tags on cultural monuments
Most people will probably recognize the name of most them maybe with the exception of like New Hampshire, Rhode Island and some of the other less relevant states
why do you dislike them more than far right
And, using subtitles more instead of dubbing movies would be a great idea to borrow from all of Northern Europe
Parts of other countries, namely Slavonia (Croatia), Vojvodina (Serbia), and Transylvania (Romania) are sometimes considered parts of Central Europe as well
It's always a blast going there
The people working in the services pre-89 were leaving gradually.
Nothing against it, it just dispeases my tastebuds
He did it again after elections, he appointed winner of it as sole ruler without consent of parliament
But on the bright side, they hold even politicians.
Lit-huania
You can't get into the main door of the building without a key from outside and there is only few people living here but I still lock the door and leave the keys in for a simple reason - I easily lose my things "somewhere inside" and I always remember where my keys are this way
People like you are really obnoxious
Brno - a glorified village
Did I shit on the men and women who preserved the Czech language in the 18th century?
Then I know Russian because meme culture of the internet and ofc Slovak
Nope, that's _enough [of this]
com] (both webs use the same map [made by the same guy/company])
Also for example drunk Polish soldier killed few people in Jičín. People hated other countries for the invasion too, not as much as Russians but certainly there wasn't understanding for them
The US has been doing it like that the last decade and it didn't turn out quite well, I'd say
They leave with "a threat" they are going to call a police, unfortunately it was at my favourite basement place with no cell signal so I missed these surprised Pikachu faces after response from police
What sucks is that if Turkey leaves NATO, a Russia - Turkey alliance will quickly form
Romania isn't even in Schengen.
Similar with the UK
I've never traveled by train abroad (mostly because there wasn't any reason), but I'd like to
It helps if the owner is a billionaire who is able to pay team of PR wizards and also he owns two big newspapers
We have a bit of oil here so I guess your country
Always bramborák/kartoffelpuffer
Even with free movement in EU, they can´t find enough people.
we would have nice beaches on the border
Yup
Look at the rest of the world, you could have been born in a much worse place.
They are dying in Idlib
So instead, British people climb up on the top of water fountains and traffic or street lights
If the conditions are right Babis will support the EU.
Plus I'm not sure whether english subtitles are available.
Adjective surnames have masculine/feminine adjective ending and suffix *-ová* is added to nominative female surnames
>in Dresden chances aren't slim that people would sing along
Austerity directly affects government spending and government spending is important to infrastructure, research, education and other areas which are important to the future potentional of the country to generate economic growth.
Blasphemy
Okay mr correct
It feels as if people just left rage comics and discovered Facebook
Yes, Czech people stare
Blackpool is apparently some sort of a ghost town and not British Hollywood as I initially thought
around 10°C as long as the wind isn't too bad
I've never seen it though
Turkish president’s advisor claimed on public tv interview that there is no such country as Czechia, all the real men left the country and set up Slovakia
Only Western help could have prevented the Soviet takeover
Nice example are the mormons
Many were forced there by the shortage of housing available to them (many landlords won't rent them property and by the increasing rents).
* a football is roughly 5575 cm³ [(source)]
I had ouzo in Bulgaria and thought its more like east Balkan drink
Yeah
People do move to cities
A few weeks back I took a trip to Slovakia
€ 170 to € 350 here
mate
didn't understand at all how Czech works it seems
Sadly the after war history is kinda
I remember something about the group that ousted Milosevics trying to form some organization helping revolutionaries of the world
>Olomouc:
Like our president is the second most pro Russia person, right after Putin
> I don't know which thread you mean
That's žínka, pretty normal to see it in households
And those accents they have across Deutschland
We don't put anything between thousands
OK, I'd say
This leaves Romania with a deficit on the current account of the balance of payments, which in the long term is simply not sustainable.
Otherwise the victim bleeds out in both cases
And yet we are twice as bad as the US
From time to time, other intelligence services join the battle
It's mainly that one starts to smoke it and then his friends do too as that's the case with my friends
Yeah, the whole hussite movement was just a bunch of raiding religious fanatics who tore down most of monasteries in Bohemia, such a shame
One rebelious religion group didn't like the parlament, so they went there and literally yeeted everyone out of the window
In French on the other hand, this doesn't apply.
I don't know)
"Ano" literally just means "yes". It's commonly used, but definitely is more formal and in no way synonym for "fair enough".
Ah, kurva, I wrote a comment about Protectorate and Pérák as well, without knowing it's already here
Plus I have a lot of fun coming up with names for Slavic characters
It is also important to say that Czech Language distinguishes 3 genders (masculine, feminine and neutral)
They 've should have make the island tulip shaped.
And since September 2018, students pay 25% of the full price
We are all fucked, I tell you
The bigger sets range from 1000 - 3000 Kč (40€ - 120€)
- and in economic point of view it's for long discussion...
Slovaci uz adoptovali Brno
Four letters for one sound
Yeah same here
Isn't Madrid boring as fuck compared to Barcelona?
Hospitals keeping tons of supposed covid patients that are in fact fine
I genuinely mistyped
* MacBook: stock OSX blue pattern
Strong, brave, loyal to her few friends, loved running around barefoot, kind-hearted
Interesting, did many business trips to Hannover before (10years ago) and I didn't notice anything like that.
I can’t speak it flawlessly even after 17 years
but at least Balaton has qualified
The Munich treaty - It allowed for later German occupation, which led to demise of many people capable and willing to resist undemocratic regime, which together with disappointment in behaviour of UK and France significantly eased the communist take over
Humanities always tended to be warm colors and sciences cool
And it’s definitely not full of foreign turists
Were the volumes part of the smut genre, then I could imagine it, because if not, then it's interesting I haven't come across such a volume, even though there should be plenty of them
New language opens you more job oportunities.
Honestly no idea
It all depends on what the topic is and what the insults are
Serbia, Moldova and Iceland
The beer is cheaper is than water is also an argument which an Austrian living in Prague mentioned in my podcast interview about expat life in Czechia :-D
Good food
And political "left" ore "right" is relative and indefinite.
Mate, if it were Slovaks instead of you, it would be way worse
As a Czech gun owner, people are just not used to seeing guns.
Nah, Brno
There probably were some mainstream rock bands, but idk about any rn, because the whole rock scene was very much against the soviet ideas
Here in Czech republic some people are planting trees "how they see it fit", but because they don't really understand this topic, they sometimes plant trees to  problematic areas
>P.S.: I'ld beat that 98% of Germans have never met a french person in real life nor do know one
You could say that even the successful result will be pretty much useless in characterizing a city as European vs non-European
From my understanding Bernie wants Medicare for all with virtually no private insurance
As I see it, that's the root cause of all the growing anti-EU sentiment, because actors trying to dismantle the organization are free to claim it eats money and does nothing, and the EU doesn't bother correcting that narrative and educating people
Yet, these things were happening and the church was evolving.
For our similarities its sounds like Czech but mor cuter witch poetic charm to it
In Brazil you cannot carry a gun and getting a license is hard and very expensive, yet Brazil has a huge gun crime problem, way bigger than even the US
It's not going to happen unless Poland literally takes over Stockholm.
The 2013 [Nagyová case] A managing director in the prime minister Nečas' cabinet (later revealed to be his lover, and is his current wife) was found to have abused her position for unauthorized use of intelligence services to spy on the prime minister's wife (now ex-wife)
How restrictive society is
I want to have my ashes scattered above Austria, so that Austrian environmentalists have something to complain about.
I agree
Apparently they become presidents of Russia
green notebook - squared paper
Might as well put some boots on the ground if they disagree.
Czech budget shows first surplus in two decades
€43 monthly = 40GB data + unlimited calls and SMS
I guess it will be the same for guns, except the faster guy has a better chances of surviving
During spring we also celebrate easter, by basically "whipping" women with a willow stick (The whipping is just going back and forth behind the woman's behind) and then we get either sweets or alcohol (The women actually want to be "whipped" because the tradition is they will stay young for longer)
I don't mean disrespect to anyone, particularly not victims of war, but it really didn't have any meaningful impact on the outcome of the war.
And Hermann
I don't even understand how he is a hero to someone
Otherwise yeah, I think people saying that ticks, bees and dogs are all more dangerous than the very few wild carnivores we have are spot on
Plus, at school we were once taught to call 25th December Boxing Day as the British do.
Yeah, you can shake hands
It probably depends on how similar their native tongue is to yours
I came to Reddit because of a stupid Prague tour guide comment
Nah, just your regular Trump supporter from hick town.
Whole underground part of subway works as a big shelter for 300000 people (well it didn't worked well during big floods 15 years ago)
Most of them belonging to the elderly
And a lot of useless words were invented
What do you mean by “accent”? :D We are those without any xd
Here are the lies again
They don't have to like what she thinks but simply not communicating is not gonna make Sweden any more pro-Israel.
How dare you, Greta
I'll already spoil that Porsche also spoke in fact Czech
Maybe in regions near the border
IMHO EU is in much better place.
I'm looking forward to visiting, once the corona situation blows over
Firstly, I am really not into the whole idea of nation states, because I think that the principles on which they are built hold much water and are overall more harmful than helpful
By electing Macron, crowd of her supporters will only grow stronger
Czech have this too
What happened next was both of us running
You have done it
This is why it's irresponsible to tell drunk tourists funny things like that
Especially our Czech teacher required that even in oral exams (like you actually got a mark depending on not just what you knew but also whether you used proper language)
Velkopolska
Like most massacres of Germans
It is somewhere illegal to pick mushrooms
Which kinda reminds me of our [memorial] to the victims of communism
But how often do you discuss distances in thousands of kilometers so megameters will have some logical sense in such a case
* contact lenses
Last week we had in the city where I live the worst floods in more than 100 years
Definitely not like Starbucks with their fucking sirups and cinnamon dust and whatnot.
I mean, it's not that this affects a shitton of people, since the Jewish, black and muslim (and asian as well to an extent I guess) populations are pretty low, but holy crap where is this coming from
plus Beauvais for cheap airlines
You dont want your own agricultural companies to crumble because some African dictator fuck can grow it cheaper with basicaly slave labour
Recent elections showed it up
We don't have "ethics" as a school subject either, only "citizen's education" in middle school (which includes a bit of everything from actual civics and an intro to world religions to health and sex ed to "don't be racist or bully people") and either more "citizen's education" or "social sciences" in high school
I disagree with your opinion on nationality in 19th century
Oh, so Germany is controlling us?
Isn't that the case everywhere
Milk didn't really helo with that so now I drink soy milk
This has been the case in my country as well, but I am coming to terms with the fact that the pension system I am currently paying for through my taxes likely won't bring me that much benefit
I went to Paris and honestly I was quite disappointed.
Well, if one can afford a decent life with a low salary, then it's just the country getting poorer, rather than the middle class disappearing, no
This shouldn't be the trick of the Italian, but the trick of FOLLOWING THE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS ON THE PACKAGING
] [go
When speaking English I usually just call it’s Czech, because in Czech (language) it is pronounced as Česko which and Česko sounds more like Czech then Czechia
I am factually from Europe, therefore at some level of analysis, I am European, it's just a matter of how much I identify with that label
He will get the money anyway, nobody will kick him out or make him pay it back.
Doesn't mean they aren't already doing that.
One time they found something like small neo-nazi group at one of the local school
Or they would be only not talking to each other most of the time (and conversely having a quarrel) and once in a while going into a superwar.
The official day the modern Czech Republic got independent from Czechoslovak Federation Republic is January 1st 1993
>eat the same food
In Czech it is "Mňau". Can we into Nordics ?
I think if anyone would like to visit this town, now is good time
Our wikipedia is pretty huge but the quality varies a lot
Belgium: Walking the streets of Bruxelles, exploring various ethnic cuisines
"Být o hlavu kratší" = "To be shorter by a head" = To be decapitated
I really like what austrian Houses look like
Hands down the best thing about Croatia is the people
so next time, let's be invaded and exterminated without fighting back
\- Josef Švejk
When I was at the university and travelled home to weekends, I almost always took the train, because it's the best option considering the price, comfort, and speed of travel
Like
Most foreign is Karlovy Vary (Carlsbad), it looks like most of Eastern Europe countries and there are even orthodox churches
Czechs also dont have much faith in "authorities" like churches or larger organizations
Ostrava
Ájm kvajt sád bícůs of skůl.
Austrian domestic politics at its finest
When you go to doctor, the doctor either has an agreement with the insurance company (the better option) and thus you don't pay anything, or they don't and you first pay it out of your pocket and then file a case with your insurance company which will pay it back
Also the tale says something about third brother and that they came from Balkans
Netherlands - Nizozemsko
The most recent one is almost 50 years old
Evrybody knows that west Slavs are the real ubermensch.
Right
"Check" would look like English and "Chekh" would sound like Czech
It's the second biggest one in Europe and Prague has Europe's oldest active synagogue.
passive listening
This is very far from America level mate
&#x200B;
*Pusa* is "mouth/kiss" and ***pusy*** are "mouths/kisses".
Never had issue with it even in school
instrumental | vodou | vodami| wodą| wodami
It's not personal
Very, very illegal
Vaslui what the fuck
The ~~pneumatics~~^(is this Euro English
Yeah, we also sometimes joke about wanting Polish Silesia, but mostly we Czech Silesians do
It will bring more chaos to Iraq
French colonised it and  imported Africans, Chinese and Indians, That US traveller had look at least in Wikipedia
We are talking about different aspects of the topic though
kovadlina, kovadlo here in cz
A couple years ago it came out that there were companies who would organize events for seniors which consisted in manipulating the grandmas into buying some super expensive pots and pans and other stuff.
Last election Christians got 6.78 % of votes so yea.
Džon mejd his vej tů e tevern frů d dark forest, only tů fajnd aut dat hí forgot d many
UDI is illegal according to the Spanish constitution
That's to distinguish between the Polish part and the Czech part of the divided city, both are Těšín in Czech language
There are few of them, usually rotundas (e.g. Old Pilsen or St
so the period before a is wrong in this case "že čeština je úplně jiný, a každá věc, kterou se dozvím, mi dělá radost"     (and for the same reason there should not have to be peridod before mi)
The coworker with an alcohol problem
Argentina, it is big but eehh
But I often see people complaining about low wages in our country, including young people.
19h from Rome to Prague killed me (broke down twice) and I assumed there would be a cafe on board so was starving, I settled for a can of coke and a bag of crisps from a stop in Vienna (this is not good food at 7am
Some people learning Czech shares their experiences on the YouTube channels
Fried carp or/and Schnitzel with potato salad, optionally fish soup before the main dish.
And in Czech, it's manure
It's not strictly true that there isn't any European culture.
The worst thing that can happen is coming across drunken groups screaming in the streets, especially during hockey championship
And that's basically it
” Which would translate as “I’m Hungarian from this
During ski race somewhere in Norway there was an aerial shot of the first group and in the snow you could see a GIANT "Babiš je zlo" in the snow
You would use soap as well if you wiped your ass with bare hands.
I only find it a bit sad that we often shift to English for convenience with related nations too quickly rather than putting in a bit more effort to understand each other
Seznamzpravy leads some pretty interesting investigative journalism
A multicultural multi-language state with regions at vastly different development levels, controlled and developed through pretty good, efficient and unbiased bureaucratic system, but being consistently misused, misinterpreted and blamed for everything imaginable by nationalists and populists from all corners of the empire.
We voted for their creation, gave them weapons, were amongst the first countries to recognise Israel
I know it's technically three kingdoms under a personal union, but then again, Brandenburg or Austria were also separate lands, just ruled by the same ruler as Bohemia.
Wheel and bicycle = kolo
Russia treats their allies like shit.
I was surprised that a Czech word for prince (duke) *kníže* was originally a loanword from Proto-Germanic (or Gothic): **kuningaz* (king).
Very, very illegal
Haha replace cup of tea with coffee and ciggaret and you have a Czech version
And don't let me start on mullets, camo shorts every season and a fanny pack
To question Where is Eastern Europe you get different answer every time but most of the time people say it starts with country east of their own.
I mostly associate Becherovka with being the drink of choice of our current president, TBH
"Where are you from
I don't know a single person that actually has one
Ordinal numerals are also declined in Czech, but in the written form you put a period behind the digits, that's the grammar
Crowns gang rise up
k - to
Ireland
Data from 2018, and it's been going down now :(
Is it like neighbouring countries do consider ouzo as their drink as well
I still find on weird that in the USA it's the catholics who are the progressive minority
Before 1990 there were no private companies or schools or hospitals under communist regime
It's stupid to blame it on Turks as a nation, however Erdogan is dragging attention to Turkey by basically acting like he is the defender of islam against the fashist West
It is still the Czech Republic by long name and by short name Czechia
She's a public servant, simply doing what you voted for
If you are gonna remove local crime post than remove all of them.
But no so sure if I should be happy I mean yes investment but Czechia needs to diversify economy and we kind of don't need it Portugal or other states would need it more.
I agree
I also don't always agree with what he's saying, but at the same time everytime I watch him speaking, it's just obvious that this guy is very smart.
We made it, hell yeah
It's just a little more empty than my rural tesco on the average shopping day
I meant the people
Actually, there are rumours that he is secretly gay.
million = milion
If you gonna behave abusive and ignorant, then you are not respected but hated.
But until 1989, we had hanging
No, it XORs out
Nik Tendo - Rolls] (the most successful and controversial rapper and perhaps artist overall in the country right now, the video is made for all songs on his latest EP, the #1 song starts at 3:25)
There was ever an image of us being a mecca of rationality
Second that
or I could believe Putin, who has already pledged military aid to Lukashenko
(espero que arriba tenía sentido, castellano es mi cuarto idioma)
It's alright, but I can easily live without it
This is the first time I have heard about this.
Don't
It's indeed a cognate with Latin viverra, both coming from PIE *wewer "small forest rodent"
NET, campaigning with the best anti-criminal program of DIRECT democracy
Because most people believe that it should be up to them to decide what their name will be
Máš za zadkem černocha
The box it came in still looks edible, I'll just put mayo on it
Spray deciduous forests with copper salts, so that the leaves accumulate and draw carbon from the atmosphere
Isn't Monaco way too big here
Probably lives in Plzeň
Ignoring the fact, that she is the food for both.
/joke
In which field are you working as an Expat in CZ, if you don't mind saying
Way too often and it's so damn frustrating
I can use Excel reasonably well but still am no expert
Mamánek maybe
Thanks to our EU membership, we make EU borders look nicer than if we weren't part of it (not like Switzerland making a hole in the middle of the EU)
says wikipedia, not me
Even though I am not a fan of KDU, I think it is important for centre-right parties to unite and do something about this joke of a government
Sometimes me and my friends go by car to further locations like Hungary, France, Italy or Croatia, but then again, the "long" distance trips are still pretty short sompared to US
Yep, eating alone is always a very individual thing
Lovosice: Very long town (there's even a saying "Long as a Lovosice")
Well, the UK is about to leave the ECHR soon.
Most underrated European country and don't @ me
What the hell does he say
Everything I've ever ordered from Amazon was delivered by česká pošta, but I guess that may vary
(“Political connotations”? Seriously
Fuck teachers like that, I have a teacher like that, *in chemistry* that's even worse
He can try but Congress and the CIA will stop him.
I doubt you'll find many
Try our beer, bread and dumplings.
Christmas potato salad with or without mayo is probably the biggest one
Czechs have the most offensive one
I think in Jan, there were 1,4 ppl for every open job position in Prague.
Pronounced the same, a small difference in meaning
Or if you were baptized, still pretty rare
They are still dealing with complaints of eco-activists who live on the other side of the country
It effectively protects organs from oxygen.
Teplice, so one of the warmest areas of the country
I am usually a great supporter of EU enlargement (I even support Cape Verde membership nobody takes seriously) but for this time, I would say we need to stabilise ourselves first, make it clear what's our vision of future and make sure all members could agree on it before thinking of another enlargement.
We use duck fat too, just not for vegetable, but usually for cooking some soop And using it instead of water, beacuse it tastes better
Million- milion or milión (both are grammatically correct)
Mostly not, people who interact with other nationals - and know either English or German and are therefore mostly of younger generations - don't sweat over it
He IS really terrible PM
I'm personally ok with the English name Czech
Hmm, maybe it wasn't Rambo
They converted to islam later due arab conquest.
I am tired and can't focus
Džon mejd his vej tu e tevrn trů d dárk forest, only tu fajnd aut dat hý forgat d many
It's not really dilly
*Czech* - that's the languages my parents spoke to me
And I only know one person with a firearm at home and he didn't even buy it himself, only inherited it from his grandpa
I know I'm going to get downvoted because people here are liberal and think women should be able to do whatever they want with their bodies, and I agree of course, but there is not one good thing about living in a country with disproportionately enormous number of sluts willing to fuck for money
Seems like a perfect place to live in.
Czechoslovakia made its stance to the very last second until the real bloodshed would come, which in a way is very noble, considering all neighbouring countries slowly eroded away into authoritatian or totalitarian regimes; and it's also true that the Munich conference was a stab in the back, but being realistic, the writing on the wall that Czechoslovakia was utterly fucked was there since at least 1934 when the two leading proponent diplomats for the Little Entente (and therefore the entirety of French security in Central Europe) were assasinated
At least Andrej pretends to give a shit about people that are worse off
It's a czech nature to skim the law and find new ways of bending it to our will
Not hot, but still comfortable warm
It's related to the word zavinutý, which means rolled up
Not very in depth, but we have had several lessons about that
- Sumer
And here I'm wondering where a scenery reminiscent of our flag with its wedge would be seen.
And the fact that the massacres agains the Germans are probably more recognized than the ones against Roma people tells a pretty bleak picture about our own awareness of our history
So basically they steal 33% and you dont know about it
World is a better place with Castro finally being dead.
Rooff for that explanation
Something has got to give, but no side wants to give, only take.
"Nil nisi rectum" is Schwrzenberg's family motto.
in the US)
You know, different language families
That is a direct evidence that something like nationality like existed in Austrian empire
But she's probably the only Slovak person I know of who could fool a competent Czech speaker in writing
The exact opposite is in Europe.
I understand it’s beautiful, well-maintained, and rich, but I feel like I don’t belong and that I can see more of what it has to offer in neighbouring countries
> together they are a horrific concoction
The EU should've fought the Libyan insurgence tooth and nail rather than assisting them.
You could also try to say the glorious ř, hmm like in this word: třtina
Neither of those two are known for actively supporting groups wanting to destabilise european democracy.
Where I come from, vehicles need to yield for pedestrians
I am simply pointing out that a stint in pornography can ruin people's life, and that is a fact
I have never seen the **same quality level** food to be more expensive in Germany than in Czech.
Castro also succeeded in his coup, but no-one is under illusions of how he got there and what his relationship to the USSR was afterwards
There is also one former rocket base at Křivoklátsko that was transformed into post-apocalyptic town for larps and festivals
For example, I think there shoul be one policy for daytime running lights
Not bad, I live pretty close to Polish and Slovakian borders, so we can go shopping there and we can watch Polish and Slovak TVs
I have heard that when the regions of CZ were decided on,  Pardubice and Hradec were deliberately put into different ones
It will be challenged, I have no doubt about it
On the bright side, people will see the work of its elite which won't be able to excuse everything because of EU.
Not as scary because they did go down there, but still
looks like Czech version is the literal translation of English one, same body parts in exact same order
I'm going to show you the very few very small mistakes you have made since you asked for them, but please, don't take it badly, you have done amazing job and I'm amazed, how well you know czech
Me, a Czech who doesn't like svíčková
At least in most areas, maybe with the exception of very lucrative Prague suburbs where the price may climb to 700k+ or so
But in US it is somewhat different; I mostly know the location of the states but not many cities
Im learning Deutsch on school, but Im not that good in it
That's žínka, pretty normal to see it in households
It's a masterpiece
Thanks, China, you incompetent fucking communist run shithole of a regime
* ~eigenland, the land proper — vlast
Pretty much no changing that, even as younger Americans become less religious.
I don't know if it's the texture or the taste (probably both, to be honest) but I really hate it
There's also the original meaning of "zavináč": [rollmops]
Oh pardon me Empress perhaps the current flair of yours isn't appropriate.
Does anybody have reliable information?
As Czech, I do not know if "Eastern Europe" insults me more than having one state together with Poles
we don't have any and I am fine with it
(I guess such a thing exists in case of transporting nuclear fuel to powerplants, NATO power shows etc) anyway direct flight London- Dusseldorf and train just for last leg would be faster, cheaper and without rush.
When I went to school in Olomouc, my czech girlfriend took me to Brno
It's the effort that counts
And the quality and attitude of staff can be rather harsh
We have had both species spontaneously reappearing in recent decades
There are no many of them though
The entire continent
Church gives you answers for simple questions and sense of order in chaotic times.
I've seen varenyky with fruit fillings (cherries I think
Or take it easy and stretch the work all the way to Saturday
These films are my guilty pleasure lol
I've never had a cultural shock when travelling in the EU or meeting people from European countries who come here
Yeah
Wow
and why do you call them grilled cheese when they are not grilled cheese
Yep
I think these grippens are 4
Yeom Czech goulash (guláš) is pretty much pörkölt.
It might happen or it might not, obviously there's no way for anyone to be sure.
I like Swedish
So, Italians are wealthier than what their GDP says (99% vs 96%), while the wealth of Czech folk is way bellow the GDP of their country (78% vs 87%).
Pretty sure I can find this at my parents household or any aunt/grand but if you ask me when I was last time served hardboiled eggs cut by this we have to go to some new year celebration in mid nineties :)
I lived two streets from it, now 10 minutes by foot but I've never been there, simply never cared to go there
I don't feel at risk of terrorism in Prague, for example.
I like all of those I mentioned, but it's really hard to just pick my favorites.
Sadly, no beets
Nope, we are stoners so we don't care if you smoke more or less.
Czech goverment
So easily, we could have had a situation where Apple had 15-20%, Nokia another ~20% with the rest being Android
There have been sites spreading lies about what laws were passed and so on.
* The Senate has passed constitutional action against the president
However, I haven't ridden a bike in ages
Oh no
I've been to Galicia, which tries to promote itself also as a heir to the Celtic culture, but that is quite a joke, it's present only in some modern symbolism.
I guess Barandov Studio is the closest to what you're describing
Czech is much more difficult than German
Call me when you invent a money tree.
And what about Moravia and Silesia
Overall I like that the beginner grammar is incredibly easy, which means the language is very easy to pick up and converse in
*"We can't do what we like with this country
In the 1970s, an unmapped ancient water pipe collapsed under two people waiting at a tram stop during a thunderstorm and the water took one of them, a woman, with it
Nothing more nothing less
Prospect of EU membership keeps it calm and safe.
I’ve fooled many people by this
just default case) and has to be changed later if wanted
literally only in Germany, doesn't matter if I cross to Bavaria or Saxony, this is something I will encounter on first 10-20 kilometers
It is relatively cheap, lasts forever and you can use it for anything
Most Germans just come off as condescending and slightly arrogant but it's not by a lot and it's well within norms
perfect - 21-24
Russia digging up soldiers of ours from the first world war and putting them in a literal landfill
The Austrian empire did the same.
Lots of people's birthday on lots of days
It really depends on where you are bitten.
Russia and Turkey, what a surprise
Yeah same here
In the USA, the product is the same in California as well as in Texas.
Yes but if you just ban it, then EU game developers using loot boxes will likely move where they are legal or find subsidiaries there, people will buy the games from abroad and use proxy servers to play them, nothing will change and we will have even less control over it
Nothing about us as a nation
^Yes, ^I ^am ^a ^bit ^salty ^about ^it
Nothing
First Orc President of Lothorien ftw
what are they protesting for
For earth it is way too big scale and for astronomical distances way to small
I suppose with their views and attitudes, they should love it in Erdogan's Turkey.
I used to do this in Prague in Braník with bobsled and a bus when I was young
Yeah Daniel Vavra has the tendency to stick his nose into everything
America has GOPniks, too
Or [Arab guard tower]
Why Poles
I'd say under 8, generally speaking
" (pronounced more like "fak") means "really
Also Nazis settled there and there are some unconfirmed legends about an occult experiments
But they're mostly representative of what the older generations think about attempts to remember the post war events
Well, if you include an _indistinguishable_ accent, it's very hard to achieve for any language
Beer was known to Sumerians in 4000 BC
But in overal it is quite strict, for example any girl is born with -ova (unless you are foreing, etc
We have also some Celtic names of places
It depends, here in the Czech Republic, sport is anything thats done at a proper shooting range, from ordinary plinking to stuff like IPSC
This made me so confused when I first heard it
Yes
It is called R.U.R. -  Rossum’s Universal Robots
They aren't really visible in Prague (or maybe generally in whole country probably)
So the term collaborator is mostly meant like a collaborator with the communists rather than nazis
This new directive also deals with this - which is why Google/YouTube was spreading their propaganda so hard
Sure they are, though we mostly use quark or yeast dough
The same here
I haven’t been keeping up with the news so I don’t know if their excuses are valid
Zdob şi Zdub is epic too:
ever collapsed
I'm surprised that nobody is asking the most important question and that is whether the glue was ok this time.
Similar here :D
My parents for example found it weird at first and constantly asked me whether my friend's girlfriend isn't jealous that he is meeting me
But I'll take it, since it's the closest to being relevant in this thread.
(cztyř lees tech - you really can't transcribe ř into English)
tak to jo
Love Calabria
In 1939, the Czech students protested that the Nazis closed down Czech universities
Malls are still open for example as are all other stores, masks are only required indoors
>P.S.: I'ld beat that 98% of Germans have never met a french person in real life nor do know one
True coffee hipsters don't go to the McDonalds of coffee world that is Starbucks.
Still, can't understand why were people so heated to escalate the conflict in to the total war in Balkan.
None, since we didn't have any required reading (in the sense of *specific* books to be read)
So the entire government is fighting Against russia, NATO and EU are showing solidarity to us, and this drunk half-dead potato still kisses Putin's ass
There is also the famous interview with our minister of finances Alena Schillerová, who couldn't even understand a simple question:
It has small aircrafts suspended from ceiling of main hall
Geordie is a bit trickier but I can still manage
yes
As someone who practices witchcraft, I practice more traditions than others
Nope, there is a handle on both sides and you have to lock them with a key
As a young kid, i alwyas thought how USA and Russia are amazing countries
I know that Amsterdam obviously isn't all of the Netherlands, and the lanes outside of the centre were properly marked and planned, but the planning in the centre is just piss-poor and inexcusable
Illo FIN
Closest you can get is to hit it with a car on a road
Because electronics are more expensive here, and Apple products even more so, so most of us can't afford Macs
I would call for defenestration, but when we did it, it led to war so idk :(
From linguistic point of view at least, as Czech was the dude that founded this country.
Poland: Exploration of underground corridors of the MRU
I really like names of cities in Czechia
"Oh, I was in Hague quite a few times
At one hand it's nice to know I'm not aging too much, on the other it's annoying to carry ID every time I wanna grab some beer
I don't think you can buy anything with 1czk lol, 10 czk: maybe some small sweets, 100czk: probably like 2 bottles of beer, not sure tho
Never heard that one
or what is used in English)
- Head of state is elected just like in Russia, if in the first round no one gets 50+% two candidates with the most votes ascend to the second round
1 is enough, it will be a business trip so I will see just airport and hotel anyway
A hromada knížat
Again, the only temporary sense of brotherhood stemmeed from panslavism and shared opposition of Slavic peoples against German dominance in the Austrian monarchy
Croatia was at a full sized all out war only some years ago, yet they also have a lower homicide rate then ireland.
One cage for whole class
Suspicion and misstrust on both sides?
The Germans are starting something again
Well we have more than kinds on our notes
and here comes /u/unamerican_idol with his daily European troll thread, collecting downvotes...
Justice was controlled by state too, so there was no real possibility to defend yourself in court against the state
10000
" to "Stop speaking Spanish
There is no "moderate" Islam , only Muslims are more or less lax or more or less zealous or more or less hidding their contempt to our society and its morals
The familiar form of Jan is Honza
ISIS then started to recruit soldiers from now oppressed Sunni minority
Heh, too true
I believe you will get there!
Definitely ice hockey , its something what can put people together
I thought there was a clearer spike every time the Constitutional court stroke down Catalan laws, starting with the Estatut
well more or less same as here.
In English, I would say "One point five" because I was simply taught to pronounce decimals in English like that.
you just send them to the closest shore from where their boat left.
2015 summer was absolutely dreadful with several weeks of
Or is it just some trolling I am not able to understand
For some reason i don't remember any mention of your country in medias or in school, except basic knowledge
Thats just temporary though
Though Heydrich and communists are some strong contenders too
There is a bunch of orthodox churches, but that's it
Born 1971, Czechoslovakia
Langoš - deep fried dough with cheese, garlic and tomato sauce on it
Sounds completely different though.
Petřín Tower in Prague was lit in german colours.
Both are better to use at room temperature anyway
Bringing that "Národní obrozeni" mood back, all them writers had two names XD
There are plans to build the infrastrucutre to Berlin, Munich and via Brno to Vienna.
Čeština is feminine, so you should say "čeština je jiná" (not jiný)
>grassroots worker militias
For example: Bohemian wars and 30-year war
And the zoo is closed because of Corona aswell, so no bears either
Is it not
I stopped taking them at thursday and started again at saturday
Ah, yes
I can count on a fingers of one hand how many times I've been shocked by a TV show as much as I was from Freddie x that doctor encounter.
Roll out the wagons and flails, boys
Im a part of a group partnered with the Charles University (biology) and we help saving and preserving our nature
Not joining "lets see how is Glühwein tody" group because -4 outside.
I'd argue Estonians like see themselves like:
If there are gods and they are just, then they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by
Okay thanks
It's not personal
so they related to cheater, liar, egoist, chauvinist, sexist and tax evader instead.
It is used in the same way as in English
Laws are for humans; they don't govern supernatural beings
Wasn’t Vilém executed on the breaking wheel
That's exactly what a lot of "based on a true story" movies are about.
To be honest, I visited a lot of tourist sites but only as a prt of trip with the goal to go to touritst sites, and none was in this city
So let's risk dozens of mass shootings...
Stalin might have executed just as many people as Hitler (even tho I think he wins in that one too), but is responsible for more deaths overall.
You mean German summer colony
Weve come from almost total ban to relative freedom almost overnight and the Ministry of Interior has been building mutual trust between themselves and the shooters for 30 years
* fatherland — otčina
Which went well
Compulsory education is now 9 years (was 10 when I was in school) and is usually completely covered by primary education with elementary schools for 9 years
It looks like the unrevealed sections of a map
I hate it too
We also have the village saying, but they are Spanish
Austrian political class might jump on that Nazi train just as easily as they did in the non-alternative history
... and in slovak drevo kocúr :)))
On in a wider picture, when really considering "traditions" and folklore, the Czech ones are largely different from Slovakia's, save for Eastern Moravia
We're just used to it
Dunno if that's controversial for anyone, proud heritage
I'm not entirely sure about Sorbs, but we didn't really have any relations with the Slovaks before the early 20th century
I don’t forget that it’s out there but I forget that it’s a part of Europe
Hard to say, especially since the line is quite blurry
And I've never heard of the legend that they met again
Enforcing the borders is apparently racist in the eyes of the left.
Sounds Chinese
But what he says means for Muslims that they have to accept enlightenment princples as superior to Islam
Keep producing it, we need 2x more of them on our roads
What
revolution is nice thing my dude but available toilet paper in every fucking supermarket is the shit that matters to me
Greece sinking the boats would weaken the right wing parties since someone will finally start addressing the issue.
The French deployment was pre-planned and already decided as part of NATO contribution.
That went swimmingly for him...
Like postcommunist and those "born in the previous regime". Of course the elderly, but that's pretty much the extent of it
How old are you guys may I ask?
Either regular cheese and ham sanwich or bacon, fried egg and mayo
So I did [some research] if you want to look more into it :)
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
There were always behind-the-scenes plots and arguments about whether their vote should be secret or not, but eh, in retrospect it doesn't seem so bad
Living in a village, we don't lock the door during daytime since anyone who wants to enter the house needs to walk through the front yard first and it's *very* unlikely that someone with bad intentions would just enter our property like that as they could be easily seen in the open by neighbours or random passersby
Nobody never should not consider nothing to be definitive
But even in my wildest dreams, I wouldn't have thought it would be 10+ times as much
Yes
For example here, woman can legally get interruption up to 12th week of pregnancy (no medical reason needed), and up to 24 weeks of pregnancy with medical indications.
Have you ever tried it
Záleží co seš ochotnej tolerovat jako chleba
Euro helped as well, our "crown is the best" statements fade away and we should finally adopt Euro here.
When the EU came with its gun ban, gun ownership became a widely discussed topic even though majority of people didnt care one way or the other
I grew up in the central Prague before 89 when there were no tourists and the entire area was full of people living normal lives.
I know several people who claim they don't swim but it's rather that they don't like swimming or aren't very good at it, than they can't swim at all.
Besides, saving or not saving economic immigrants is not a big part of maritime law.
I went to my first parliamentary elections in 2013 with exactly the same feelings.
Heavily regulated domestic banking sector.
I'm cautiously pro-legalization
Even after Communism made the country twice poorer than Germany
It is and isn't date at the same date
I love how the Slavic, English and German names sound nothing alike
We have a theatre named after the guy in town, lol
I think the opposite is true - cereals are very rich in sugars while not having much protein and fats, in the long run you could get more tired and more hungry eating sugar-rich food which could lead to bad eating habits.
“Back in my days it was exactly the same”
And if he travels without security staff accompanying he should visit a psychiatrist
so native croatian and serb can understand 99% of what the other says (just cant read it)?
If you answer yes to 4), you'd basically say: "If a women went home with me, that's enough and I don't need consent (anymore)."
Call me a coward or whatever you want, I'd get the fuck out of here as fast as possible.
(You need to be registered
Lowest quality of life in Europe by far.
That’s why there’s also hruškovice, etc
> I am pretty sure most of our countries would agree to ban/heavily restrict their usage
And for good reason too, [we have many cities that were used as concentration camps] and memorials for fallen man, women and children
But those are only my impressions from history lessons
Try carrying a pepper spray thats not neutered for 'use against animals' if you dont have a licence
I guess Antarctic and the most remote parts of Arctic count and those were recorded
Hockey and football trade blows depending on national teams' performance, tennis is probably third
They will be just fine if their salaries lower down to Romanian/Bulgarian levels where they truly belong.
We have proverb :"To drink like danish"
Poland or USA (Poland because of proximity, USA because of its general influence on world history)
To z Karla I. (jako rakouského císaře) dělá českého Karla IV
In czech, we call vacuum cleaning "luxovat" after a vacuum cleaner brand from a hundred years ago
It is more common to own a dog than a cat in the Czech Republic
Over 140 liters of beer per capita per year.
Half italian, so I get what it means
I dunno, Low Tatras, High Tatras, Demänovská Ice Cave & Cave of Liberty, etc.
you would feel like shit trying to rationalize in your head what separates them from the kids under your roof at home
Have a good time here
I got into talk with some Americans that visited Europe and were actually sad it isn't thing in America
Yes, except we are not naming generations
Only with glorious slavic language.
The issue is political aspect - what they might want in return
In French there's also cervoise, it's an almost extinct type of beer brewed without hops
I only had a few classes this semester and like half of them were complete bullcrap that I only took to get enough credits, most of those simply didn't happen anymore
In Czechia I would call a city of 50,000 medium-sized
as I have written in comment couple of days ago
Yes, mainly Slovakia
Germany needs to rearm and restore Ordnung in Paris
it got much better when I threw money on them and said Two
That was exactly what I was getting at hahah
Mind you, this is only one of many such unmapped places in Brno
Here, its a great way to get a can of pepper spray sprayed in your face
FFS, *please* use the form "Czech republic".
] Though I'm sure it's not unheard of in Western Europe, going out into the forests and picking up shrooms for hours with the whole family is something that's often seen as a curiosity by outsiders
The term "Prague café" is very metaphorical though, as even in Prague there are few people who actually go to cafés to discuss politics or art.
pronounced as you-asians or as usians?
I want a post office or a chance to use the receptionists as my post office
I don't see how
Belarus is buffer zone for them, the same as Ukraine.
You do realize that pepper sprays are not exactly ideal for closed spaces, right
And example by pornhub: Horní Police ~ upper shelf in czech x horny police
Oh I didn’t notice it said fast food
If you see anyone drinking Kofola in my part of country, it is something like 5:1 drinker is from there.
Just like you can call France "France" or you can say "the French Republic".
I remember reading somewhere that the name is considered to be very ancient and probably of non-Slavic origin
Even in intra-EU flights where you dont have to wait for customs clearing there is still so much idle time between the actual travelling.
What about predetermination
then people in asian countries shouldn't even care about the attacks that occurred in germany these recent years.
Unless you seat yourself to a 6 chair table, while smaller tables are available, then you might get some looks
Fuck him and his apologists
Never heard about cargo trains priority over passenger in this part of Europe.
Note that these fashion transgressions are inherent to men only
* **Dejvice:** 1/3 old underground/dissident musicians and writers who spend their days in stylish pubs, 1/3 higher ranks of former communist army, 1/3 Russian spies
Poles don't have this advantage
Worst of all are the gift shops that sell Russian memorabilia IN CZECH REPUBLIC
Interesting and uncommon
The Czech Republic has 250k people with a carry licence out of 300k people
Most of us are not animals
...I think that evaluation of US presidents is a topic for another sub so just one final note regarding Reagan's foreign policy - history sometimes tends to forget context which may lead to wrong evaluation of various events.
Otherwise same, we didn't really have any
If I recall correctly, we never did in elementary school.
" and the combination of half czech half english whole words is really fucking cringe
Which debate got more viewers
Lonja de la seda hands down
Also „agrometal“ gets thrown from time to time, villagers listening to local pub rock/metal scene, would coincide with „burani”
General term „socky“ from something like socially disadvantaged - coincidentally also a slang term for public transportation
And the answer is not a lot
Surprised Pikachu face
I was surprised how tiny and old Dutch houses are
I think this would be reasonable if only remain voters could apply for it.
Halušky thanks, Slovakia
My parents participate in demonstrations in November of 1989 (first in Teplice, then in Prague)
French is out of the question for same reason.
It already appeared in 19th century.
For other readers OP got it backwards, it is:
That symbolizes the vanquished Jew, probably
They all signed the Moscow Protocol and then started the uneasy complicated period which ended by "normalization" but it was actually the maximum what was possible to achieve; there were much worse alternatives than Husák and Štrougal
Yeah, good luck with that
Roam freely in towns
From my experience, I am completely able to talk to someone who speaks slovak, unless they start to talk fast, because then I have a little issue to understand everything , but It's still okay
Please can you post examples
It has a long history
It won't help much, but it will help the government score points with crazy environmentalists and rich locals who hate to see shitty cars on the city streets.
> olovo (Sn)
My home village in foothills little bit further - the same, only the thin layer of snow stayed for few hours, probably thrice this winter
So they've applied this law and now these masks should cost maximum of 175 Kč (6,50 euro, made in EU) and 350 Kč (13 euro, made outside of EU)
For example: Muži stáli
"Czesko" looks really weird to me, because it's using Latin/Polish spelling for a Czech word
Turkeys have also made their way into Czech cuisine as well but nowhere near as common as chicken or duck
(and correct gender except these two or three multigenders)
We learn about hungary as a whole not about specific upper hungary history
Change my mind
Not sure about a stronger difference between Poland and Czechia though
Italy is at 99%, between Sweden (111%) and Ireland (96%).
Maybe it's not so hard to offend a Swede after all
I've seen foxes and deers sniffing in the trash on the edges of villages though
And there actually is a neonazi group
I've thought wine is suppost to protect from heart attack.
I like being called "Mitteleuropa".
* consists of two nations: Flemish and Walloons
1) Niche games I enjoy are usually not translated and 2) using default English is better for modding.
~~At least make a comparison between the EU and the US
And there are almost no Arabs here, so they feel safe.
Disregarding Pa, I rather like kg/cm^2 (technical atmosphere) which is very close to the standard atmosphere
No sign of socialist economies in the comment...
Helloween to some extent, mostly just as an excuse not to work or to make a work day more fun at least; or at schools as a fun learning tool.
hehe wanna repete
Im from czechia !
I would say the worst war was 30 years one
peak of Swedish engineering when it sank?
But I know that this is a generalization and not everyone in the UK has this attitude.
* Klement Gottwald
Anything under 25° is heresy
I hate it so much
Ancient heritage, beaches, islands, white and blue, food, hot guys
Well, the fact that it decides to randomly disregard its own rules kinda worries me
Czech Republic: **Rattled**
Generally seen as bad habit, but generally accepted
haven't heard that one in a while)
It's usually a table close to the bar, in older pubs, it's together with the bar in an entrance room called mázhaus, separated from the main room further inside called lokál. In smaller or newer pubs it's at least visually seperated from other tables
But it's more common to take a only a day or two at once and connect it with weekend and some kind of public holiday.
Stupid sentimental value is exactly what I would call it.
We still have some items sold by tucet (or pul tucet) like eggs, some drinks etc.
I don't know why we didn't just use "Czesko" instead of Czechia to resemble the czech short form
His function as the head of the Papal State is only derived from being the Pope.
Iraq will become an official enemy as soon as Western troops leave their country.
Austrian far right signs deal with Putin's party, touts Trump ties
" without actually entering when there's no reply so we've never seen that as a problem (also, this obviously used to happen more before we had mobile phones - it's pretty rare these days)
Some English words are just plain weird, whereas German is mostly consistent
I wouldn't have though I would care, but I genuinely found the state of the historical center quite sad
Honestly the entire
10, because the morning usually had some of our electives so everyone's schedule could be different
fully paid public transport in Prague
1) Amsterdam, Netherlands
history reasons, education and workforce.
[Karel Čapek] - the guy who "invented" robots.
Insurance could cover it still with a good plan
But it can be a way to shoot yourself in the foot, bickering amongst one another, while countries in the Shanghai Pact have more ulterior aims and narrow, clear focus on what needs to be accomplished.
Employers say "if you increase it, those people are going to be out of work" as they are usually very low skilled or hard to employ.
Pullnout, pušnut, uploadovat etc
I got existential despair from just reading that sentence
Poor, stupid and underprivileged always had more children.
TRIGGERED
I mean, if Poland becomes sea, we will have access to sea
Oh, we are doing the intermediate level
Why would I buy something that limits me from running the software that I want to run the way that Apple does
I moved to USA
I always wonder if Linz has a museum or if you can buy Linzer Mürbeteig in every bakery
I meant legalising it has no negatives
Since Famas was only made for the French military, there aren't any semi-auto versions available to the civilian market.
Only the concept "political party" is something else in US and in Europe.
USB-C?
So it is still cool, but not freezing and diluted by the ice.
Perfume bottles are also a thing
Kinda sad how you got mass downvoted by the pro EU people
Slovakia: Eh, sure
Feminine: mal(é) kočky (little cats) -> mal(ý) kočky
Haha, while I see it in the similar way as UK, I'd love to hear some opinions of fellow Americans how they view European systems (there's too many)
Should have been ousted and forgotten years ago.
Thats the only way
* *Pít jako Dán* (to drink like a Dane): to drink alcohol a lot, often abuse alcohol
Czech Republic is divided into 3 areas, Czechia, Moravia and Silesia
There were a lot of US flags on 8th of May though
When speaking slowly, it's better, but even then I had troubles understanding it to the point I switched to english instead.
I visited Pristina and Prizren and enjoyed both
Calais alone was a scapegoat for two decades now - all caused by illegals.
The contact was always there, but both countries went through different paths during history.
It was pretty huge when it was happening.
They will love it
Am I saying it at least somewhat correctly?
And, yes, you can disregard my understanding of this submission completely, that's just how I understand it
It's like to "cure" straight person to be gay for his entire life and to make him feel guilty whenever he is attracted to girls.
Bulgars (not Bulgarians) were of turkic origin, but not genetically homogeneous.
Damn Swedes, invading us all
A drunkard
Another honorable mentions: Strakonice, Břeclav, Moravský Krumlov
It's seems so when they are dismantling the temporary hospitals already
I find it heartwarming that we share these embarassing, notorious habits like socks in sandals and hogging the beach with your towels
Iran is now Iraq's largest trading partner
They achieved what they set out to do, except they immediately gave it all up and accepted status quo
Czechs, all the time, intentionally
I am not going to translate it for you
Because of that conference, Prague had to wait for Russians to free us, even though Americans could arrive there several days earlier and spare countless civillian lives, that died, while fighting Germans
It is merely a retraction of services provided to you by Facebook, which has ZERO obligation to provide you with them
They will make far-right scarecrows all the time, yet they are completely fine with extreme leftism :)
If someone was to arrive into my home for a long time, I would definitelly try to find out who is it and not only by what he himself is saying to me
Twenty years passed and we didn't come with anything better so we filled in the original proposals
But that can be used by both sides, and yet the positive side keeps winning
I was talking about when the amendment was submitted
Very different styles of beer, but very excellent.
Funny bit of useless trivia: Paris, Ohio was named after Paris, Kentucky and not Paris, France, while Paris, New York was named after Isaac Paris.
I also worked as a guide at a castle for one summer in high school
Don't eat out at the city center, it's all extremely overpriced
During first 4 years of elementary school, not a single thing.
(you got papers from doctor you are not moron, you do A/B/C test, you do some practical exams, that's all) but even hunting class gun license doen't let you hunt.
(And when you say, that you are from Bohemia, they usually ask what part of Germany is it)
They'd just put their cash in UAE, China, Brazil, Switzerland, etc.
As of present, the cars and the company are at its peak and growing
Well not with *that* attitude
Their military isn't to be taken lightly either.
The eternal enemy of Handlacking
You have a good point^1 , I've felt kinda meh about this topic, but not now.
Idea of getting of paying full rent is crazy
In case anyone wonders wtf is Bura:
So it's "Český" meaning "of Czech Republic" not "Bohemian". Small difference, might not be clear for everyone, but the difference is there
why the heck are you guys reinventing IPA transliteration?
Your favourite thing about your neighbours.
Czech word "aktuálně" could be translated as currently in English
Is it throughout the whole city or just certain parts
If only more of your tourists would also get lost in the Czech mountains we could be tourist buddies
It's definitely a vibe
Some of the names in Harry Potter are translated too, but mostly in a really clever way that is helpful for younger readers and keeps with the meaning
To discuss with a non-white US feminist ( especially graduated or studying at a University ) is a special type of entertainment for people who incline to mental masochism and like to study mentality of people who devoured Salomon's shit and their mental capacity is reduced to an absurd ideology
He failed to understand that Soviets fear that the whole thing will run out of control and Czechoslovakia could even leave the Warsaw Treaty
East Slavic languages are hard to understand when spoken due to their heavy use of palatalization
Cca 20 min
I s dobovou výbavou :) plně funkční při nejlepším.
I really like National technology museum in Prague
I also do believe that this phenomenon only works one way - there are very, very few Slovak songs and movies that I've ever watched
Vammala FIN
Counter is more like čítač, though
You mean pure opium
We use discord for almost all subjects
Smith will remain Smith and not Smithová.
Be it a church or the Soviet Union or the EU
But that's basically a definition of a politician: they very rarely take blame for something the did
Yeah, i wanna know too
Most of the well known sights in Prague are from his era
Ducks: quite common, readily available in bigger supermarkets
Their system is not based on the idea of *contract social,* it is based on what they consider to be the will of God revealed to the Prophet who preached it to the people
I, a Slovak, always understand when somebody insults me in Hungarian
We would be minority under votes of france and germany
Byli and bili are pronounced the same way
I really want this
Same here
(Blue-eyed girl don't sit near brook(?),)
You need to pick one when their interest collide, like during wars or football matches.
I hope this won't result in deaths of the more sensitive people
Eurostat unemployment rates October 2016
Okay this one really made me laugh.
And as great as that might be, that doesn't make one a diplomat.
Cross the border from western/north-western Slovakia into eastern Moravia and tell me where Slovak language ends and Czech one starts
Your posts in this thread indicate to me that you personally have some issue with this and you are projecting it onto the whole country
It would take ~120 days to watch the whole thing
Economy says that climate change is the biggest business opportunity, dont worry, everyone want´s to have their piece of pie
People on the street will change your money
I don't know what kind of help we got from the UK.
yes, and there is also a group "We want sea instead of Poland" :)
I certainly do
This is exactly what's wrong with modern democracy and why throughout history, from ancient Greece right up to the 20th century, voting was restricted to the wealthy
How big is vegetarianism in your country?
For some reason, when i was like 14, people stopped opening doors
Just makes it more interesting to read and listen to
The latter's progress is much faster, as the virus spreads via peripheral nerves into your central nervous system.
Never had a chance to form an opinion.
They're due to a public drinking ban that was issued by him as a measure against covid
time to go for popcorn
"Také je pro mě zajímavé", here there is no need for a comma
I'd say those are all 'softer sounding' Slavic languages, while Czech is pretty harsh
With that said, I will be fitting an AC in the attic I'm reconstructing
Maybe about Immigrants from Ukraine.
In Czech grammar approximately 1/6 is germanisms
mostly when my wife wants me to do something.
Like asking what you'll be doing when you get somewhere
There were times where all you met were slovaks and vietnamese.
Wow, it works
but in all other aspects
They're a newspapers owned by a site called [seznam
These two are however still standardised
I've seen some rugby matches on sport channels, but only sometimes
In Czech: "Ty jo, už mi zas volá." "Kdo ti volá?" "Serruti
What if it's *very* far north and it's a polar night
We have also a lot of understanding for people who lack sovereignty over their "ancestral" land thanks to our own history, that's why our officials and people unanimously support Israel as well.
What the hell happened here
Moravians made fun of people who wrote they are not Czech but Moravian in the lastest census so
I can't think of a foreign movie where anyone speaks Czech, maybe except for a few lines in Saving Private Ryan (but those were actual Czech people), but in video games, the Czech language gets absolutely butchered pretty much every time
> Sinterklaas lives in Spain
I think they have these in London
Zeman has named a person without security clearance
Twenty years passed and we didn't come with anything better so we filled in the original proposals
Pretty cool name imo
Anvil, or "kovadlina" in Czech
Back in the elementary school, we called it "Ministry of relieve"
Or when you still see instances of people having Nazi confiscated Jewish artwork and wealth (like the art dealer who's father got it from the Nazis
* Vietnamese
“Tři tisíce tři sta třicet tři stříbrných stříkaček přestříkalo přes tři tisíce tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech
As long as it gets restored eventually, I won't mind, even if the current events might incite some bad emotions in me
Edit: It's worth noting taht Czech retribution was one of the most severe and bloody in all of Europe, whereas Slovak was very mild
That's so handy, I want one of those
Even though I wouldn't say the government is afraid of them
Nope, I'd use American spelling since I once came across `color` in CSS and I want to be consistent
because we are (and all these plans to make a tunnel to the sea says so, including Croatia where 8 or 10 % of our population goes every year because of their sea, and they have to compete with charter flights to Turkey/Morroco/Tunisia/Egypt/insert anything you know from TUI catalog)
No but congrats I guess
TIL they have elections in Turkey
Vienna - our former capital, Austria - the name our former common state.
We are pretty familiar with the way Russians treat their allies.
(end of ww2)
I think I learned most of my vocabulary simply by being immersed in the Internet since my early teens and looking up information about anything that interested me, trying to translate some song lyrics, playing games, stuff like that
Phone wallpaper    me And my buddies from a Christmas trip to the oldcity square in the Czech republic
My eyes hurt so bad
While China and US are dividing influence over foreign countries we're still bickering over Scotland trying to leave Britain, Britain trying to leave the EU, Catalonia trying to leave Spain and various other nationalist groups trying to screw the EU in every possible way.
We want somewhere with good beer
I've been voting for him since he started in politics.
And if I and the wife had that salary we could probably live similar life that we do now, except for vacations abroad and retirement savings, I mean they make close to what we spend
Pikola - place where you count and say the name of the player you see
The revival is somewhat a double-edged sword as it saved the language but it also efficiently kills anyone’s will to learn when taught in a school
There appears to be lot of differences how people make it
Is there a country England touched and didn't bring suffering to its people
Also, everybody in Brno speaks "hantec" (a local slang with German roots, popularized by some actors and local partiots)
Most of guys also consider it weird when girls use it among themselves
Where are you from
Fried Cheese
The smell of dill always brings back my childhood memories
Is it actually weird for some countries ?
Progressive Shangri-La of cultured betters who've long known that racism, sexism, and homophobia are bad, m'okay, and are living in the atmosphere of enthusiastic acceptance
I can't drift
I love the language and I would like to visit the Eiffel Tower
For example woodcrafters are inspired by E. T. Seton and American Indians, Pioneers used to be the main communist organization until 1989, but are politically neutral and sort of generic scout-like camping organization now and there is also a small organization of scouts more in line with original British Baden-Powell's scouting
Unless this stops happening people won't change their mind about it, it's simple as that
Use bus instead
But you gotta realize that Spain should be in GMT+0 timezone, but they decided to be +1 with majority of Europe
There's a lot of declination (7 cases, 4 genders and 5 verb classes with very different patterns + a bunch of irregularities), verb aspects, hard to pronounce consonant groups, and Czech native speakers are not very used to talking with non-natives so they may not have enough patience
Well
If 9 years pass, then earth will be disappearing
In the city where I live (north-west Bohemia) it haven't snowed yet
That takes time and they can be saved
It was more genocide in sense of Soviet leadeship against it's peasants, mostly ukrainians, as well as russians and other ethnicities in the affected areas (ironically the most fertile areas in the Union).
I remember those times
unless you are a lumberjack or rebuilding gardens a van do better job than hilux
Thats about it
Nobody usualy gets hammered during the day
What do you count as change/edit
Nothing
Among the public 26% see Russia positively, 35% neutraly and 37% negatively according to the last surveys.
iPhone war
Sure geography too but you dont really have to know much about Kazakhstan or west/central Africa
Curious
The downside might be the way how doctors treat you
Sure and then 400 years of Austria (Austria-Hungary) :-)
I understood that they meant "clean up by natural means", not that it would take so long, if people attempted it
Homer: hmmmmm
I think they have these in London
When I met Poles on vacations or at my work when visiting our Warsaw office, I usually had little problems understanding Poles but they had problems understanding me
You seem to be implying it would help.
I absolutely hate it
Pálenka is mostly under 60 % of alcohol
If you mean Bruch that was literally the worst, I couldn't take it.
Also, you know, the fact that people mistake us for Checnya REALLY doesn't help
In the moment, Hearts of Iron 4 (pretty fitting here, huh).
I am not from Eastern Europe, but – given that Czechs are avid tourists – the answer is that you *travel cheap* and *live off the land*. You can spend good time in very expensive countries if you just decide to sleep in a tent and buy food in supermarkets and cook it yourself using a camping stove
Fried cheese in a roll
If they didn't like living as minorities in Czechoslovakia with full rights and freedoms (and as I said, that was more than what Czechs and Slovaks had in A-H empire), they were free to move to Germany, Austria or Hungary
that is really quite surprising considering how much the global politics changed during the centuries because of British involvement - often for the better, sometimes not so much - but no one can deny that British colonialism gave the world North America, Australia and New Zealand, all advanced, developed, modern countries.
It's "usa this" and "usa that". It's very often about Trump
No that much, we mostly watch czech old fairytales and russian Mrazík.
cz and not gmail
Sometimes there simply are things to be criticized about the US foreign policy, but I agree that in other times the criticism can also be unfair and often you don't get the credit you deserve.
You can throw in to the sea and expand the state
Late in Hussite wars they split up into several groups, and there was a battle where both sides built fortresses and waited for the other side to attack
Maybe Jiří Paroubek or David Rath could be added to the list too
Yes, Prague is the European Capital of Porn
Unsurprisingly, the one about Greece was titled [*Periklovo Řecko*] (The Greece of Perikles)
Because if you did now, Taliban would take over the country rather quickly, just like it did after USSR left.
We used to send our mum down with the towels while we stayed in bed hungover
The bigger problem here is the delivery itself, it's pretty common they don't even try to deliver it, leave notice you weren't home although you did wait specifically for the package and you have to go to the post office (meaning official post service, private comapnies usually call you before the delivery and you can arrange what to do)
And it's easy to differentiate because "a" is a vowel and "h" is not
5 million), Brno (0
Definitely
Yes, Youtube does it, badly
But hot damn if NFS, Forza and Initial D taught me anything
Nope, after that Ivanka will take over.
I know, I'm looking it up right now
Just realised corona exists, so the over-tourism is not really an issue right now, haha
Don't forget that the neuter only group would be řekla jsme
Czech R is very similiar to the scottish "tapped R", if not entirely identical
When I met Poles on vacations or at my work when visiting our Warsaw office, I usually had little problems understanding Poles but they had problems understanding me
If you look at name of Czech Republic in dozen of other languages, It's usually very close to Czechia
Taras Shevchenko, the most prominent nazi since 1840
Putting beer mat on top of your glass tells the waiter you don't want another
never thought of that, but it could actually be the stem of the name is from *duše*!
Cologne
Fun fact: výjimka (exception) itself is an exception, if it would be regular i'd be written as vyjímka
Definitely
Metro line 1 is a must
Most people just burn a fake witch and do bbqs
They deserve to be explained what the benefits of the EU are, which is something our politicians (but also sometimes the EU itself with its disastrous PR) very much failed to do here.
Really
cos nobody never doesn't know what could happen
Yes, though the taste can vary greatly between cities.
* **Valašsko (westernmost Carpathians):** Wild mountains with wolves and bears and long tradition of shepherdry
I personally own 3 guns and shooting at shooting ranges is one of popular recreational sports here.
Hmmm what about Totally-not-Winnie-the-Pooh
France needs you, not Europe
There was a sign on the doors that thay accept card payments
I think that's the main reason why there's not much push for cycling paths
If you approach with broad american smile while shouting "Hello my friend!", they will definately pretend not to understand you.
You're supposed to use Webm (and other video tag compatible formats) now.
no we don't shift holidays, both may holidays are saturday this year
And he was "only" prime minister, not member of the  Central Committee of the Party
can you explain more about how these shifts work
I thought this type of building can't get any uglier than what we have here.
You can't use a last name as a first name
I don't see a productive reason why most people with <105 IQ (or true intelligence  equivalence, to avoid inevitable 'IQ doesn't mean shit' reply) should go to college, perhaps with the exception of extremely motivated people in non-STEM fields
Has the trend been reversed or was it mere wishful thinking all over
At first it didn’t really seen like it, but when I think about, the word “robot” is totally a czech word
lol now that is comeback you coulda came with something better yo
I try to sell reddit to my friends a lot.
This is way worse in its nature than the retributions after the war
The idea of a single Czechoslovak *nationality* was artificial and was abandoned in the thirties when it was no longer needed as Czechoslovakia was already established as a state with a dominant Slavic element.
Governments would rather deal with different shit than this
I don’t want to play that game of who was in worse situation but to make it clear Czech was supposed to be suppressed be German when we were a part of Austrian empire
You can order milk for a drink in a restaurant
The title is misleading because the penetrating object wasn't a penis.
Especially in cyberspace and unconventional warfare
if we were to calculate them, would be equal or greater than the EU funds we are currently receiving.
z = from
In the end it looks like the Mars candybar bought in germany will be slightly larger, tastier and cheaper than one bought in Czechia
Unfortunately, it did it and I wanted to cry
That was some 300 years later tho
It's more complicated
Not better than одеть одежду, надеть Надежду, maybe even worse because the first letters don't match
I was always for EU, but in the past 2-3 years I have been more disappointed than ever
True, but that lasts only for a time
He wouldn’t be able to give it up then
that'd be exactly like that, good example.
Many Slovaks with gained education and experiences go back to Slovakia to force the country up.
Oh yeah it's not as empty as it was few months ago, still not as extremely packed as pre-covid tho
To me healthcare should be one of the basic things goverments should provide and I find it absolutely shameful that US still doesn't have one that works properly.
Modern office building will have AC
Plus you may socialise with other regulars who frequents the place and make use of this diverse social network
or hurricanes
I hate it
I can just invite you to my home town Pardubice and you can experience Czech Mléčný bar
they produce everything, mostly in the exact quality that the shop management ordered
Kuk is czech onomatopoeia for 'look' (here/there)
100 % paid sick leave
Stork is extremely common throught entire Europe tbh.
tap watter all the way
Yeah absolutely, It's such a good feeling to switch to new more comfortable clothes
Oh sorry, you’re right but it’s only the climate change
We wanted to be original, so we call it "draslík".
Oh god
Not 'serbian origin' but Slavic origin.
Edit: Cool
I actually stopped drinking when I turned 18, lol
I dont think we will see Kievan Rus again
Because of them is "nationalism"  perceived negatively
There's not much to choose from but I'd say I like the current one the most
I hate this place lol
In that time, Czechs were living together with Germans for 7-8 centuries in one country, and languages were getting mixed
Data from 2018, and it's been going down now :(
20+ is t-shirt weather
- The politicians WERE protesters
Austria
Actual element names are translated, but the abbreviations are not
Austria just reminds us, that they border Hungary and that they have long history of populism
Now i see how fucked up they really are and am happy to live where i live
Most young people speak at least conversational english.
Pheasants: only frozen ones and quite rarely
Yep, pretty much my reaction the first time
What's worse is that she often didn't do any research about the origins of the name and simply translated her first impression of what she thought it meant and wasn't even consistent with it
But they want more discussion about it
Greetings from Czechia
Usually it is about World war 2, anexing of Sudet and Munich agreement, or as we call it Munich betrayel
What should be the same in the whole EU but is not yet
Also [Puzata Hata] from Ukraine
Once in Germany on field hockey tournament there was one Polish guy in German team we were drinking with
As head of state
- quadrillion = biliarda
Wow, TIL that our neighbors have almost no KFC’s whereas we have a ton of them
Yeah
Someone dropped the ball hard when Czechoslovakia split into two countries, and came up with the brilliant long-ass name.
Who the hell is coming up with this stuff.
He helps people drown so he can harvest them.
Radio Airplay chart: [Chinaski - Kapradí] (typically generic and boring Czech pop-rock that radios play over and over for 30 years)
(Translation: It isn't our budget
But I have one for others
Somewhere in France, closer to sea the better
During the events of the November of 1989, many members publicly broke their ties with the Party by returning their membership cards which was seen as showing support to the revolution
naw this is not the first time here I apologized for my wrong assumptions :)
* active listening
Twitter is hysterical
Czechs use "estébák" more
For example, they used wagon fortresses in battle to counter heavy cavalry and infantry with great success
"Zpít se pod obraz" - to get drunk under the painting, derived from "obraz boží" = god's image
We call raccoon Mýval - washer
in our tourist traps, you pay, but for fake shit that is nothing like the local culture
Silesia rightful Czech clay TBH.
So I´ve edited it a little bit.
Is it a North Limburg thing or also a North Brabant thing
I mean, to be fair, this is what French people tell me all the time, too, and I'm not even an actor
Why on Earth would foreign politicians be allowed to campaign in Europe?!
The Treaty of Lisbon basically transferred power from us to EU and I don't like that
Hard to ignore him, when he almost rules now instead of PM Babis
How the hell do we end up in the East and Poland gets to be in the West?
I read about a lot of stuff but memorizing African countries, which some hardly contribute to world economics or events, isnt that high on my importance list
_ Where do you get that capacity to assess it
I can write much faster that way AND can understand my own notes later
It's absolute bonkers in some places and it's very weird, it's a very eyrie atmospheric movie about a guy who let's just say has problems.
Than all of us combined
Yeah, turns out that was a trick to win the elections and push through some neoliberal reforms.
Most used is 0,5l beer
Maybe one that you can make yourself home but it just doesn't have that "taste" it does when you are there.
Teplice, so one of the warmest areas of the country
Never consider
It hasn't worked for years for me
time for more diverse dickhead leaders
* They have been taught since childhood that the Prophet must always be more to them than their mother and father
Least interesting
In Czech you pronounce things as they are written
For god's sake, read something about it
Sure thing
Really
My friend has his Sa 58 (a former local assault rifle reworked into a semi-auto) registered for hunting, sport, and self-defence
By all means, suit yourself
we got one of these guys, pretty popular and decent priest
When I learned about Pornhub I had one question : Is Pornhub recommending me so much Czech porn because I'm Czech, or because it's really that common
Ok this one goes in my DnD campaign
different taste excuse is the one which they use often
Granted, he was a very competent candidate at a very young age
uhm
We get along reasonably well with all our neighbours and aren't so culturally different
Praha: Expensive, Capital, Full of tourists
What are the external Czech issues which do not concern us as well?
Also unlike the US or France, other countries have limited military funds and lives just to play world police
You're giving me dangerous ideas
So called "no packaging stores" are popping up all over the country in the last few years
> Any tips or tricks you'd like to share
Well, isn't in other parts of Germany more common Weihnachtsmann
It would be encouraging sinful behaviour.
When you're not home in CZ and a parcel arrives, the postman cheerfully takes it to store it in local post office.
Vysočina used to be our largest inner periphery before D1 was built and Jeseníky mountains in Silesia were one of the toughest regions to live in, but nowadays it's actually Manětínsko that has the lowest population density, little tourism and it also lacks any noteworthy economic/industrial centre around
/ Mrs
After WWI, a bunch of central European countries got independence
Actually, the non-metrically-aligned amounts are here to blame, the Maß is likewise reasonable.
After personal experience of miltiple times, I'm not sure I would regard Brussels as a contribution hehe
I actually forgot that 1
I think we have less wind because of the mountains encircling our borders, and also because we are landlocked (lots of winds come from/to the sea).
The east and west divide come after WWII.
Northern Europe (Norway, Iceland, Finland, Sweden Estonia and maybe Denmark)
I would rather forget
Consider EU has more than 500 million people, whole Europe about 750.
That’s maybe the best thing to do, or just say “dobrý den” “good day” at the start of the conversation or maybe the best would be “dobrý den, promiňte” and add the “sorry” at the end, because it typical for Czechs to say sorry at the start of the conversation when talking to a stranger
Combining fruit dumplings with the vanilla sauce from *buchtičky s krémem*? Sounds like a winner to me
Cool
OP: My name is Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz
European economy is fully depending on German economy
Its very sad that even today are people who think that russians were the good ones during and specially after WW2
That is so 9th century
I went to a school with focus on math and we had to turn off the brain for all those personal sufferings, natural disasters, fake history etc
This isn’t exactly a long term problem, rather a short episode - diplomatic incident
Ministry of the interior troops
I use local version, but set it to display English results.
Until I visited Copenhagen
**European Union Gets:**
>just like trying to erase widespread support for the communists amongst specifically Czech workers (less Slovak workers)
Our inferiority complex to Germans is something that has always been present in our history.
0/3
I guess it was first documented in English
Communist militias alone would probably be considered as pure evil by the majority here.
That's new freedom of speech
Nokia brand was still very powerful, so had it played its cards right, we'd have three competing operating systems and large tech companies today instead of just Plague (Apple) and Pestilence (Google)
After 200 years, 30 or so amendments are probably not enough
Hey, out of curiosity, do you think that a high number of graduates from the arts and such is a factor in the relatively high unemployment of young people in Spain
Same here
Visiting any of these places doesn't really feel any different to what it's like here, while I can definitely start feeling the difference when going further west/east/south/north
>the option to buy one pizza slice instead of an entire pizza, as in Denmark and - I imagine - many, many other places
Sea food isn't my go-to but there are worse things to eat
The husitte revolution
Radetzky was Czech
* Velvet Revolution was more or less organised by Communists in order to not end like the comrades in Romania and maintain their positions in a new regime.
Edit: forgot my favourites,
There are almost no pedestrian crossings in the centre, therefore you just need to pick a spot and expect the worst
Czechs and Slovaks had no other country to move to
38 bottles of Kozel beer and they'll give you 4,2 € back if you return the empty bottles.
"is oy
Well, you could try to work up a reputation for quality and start selling overpriced stuff
When you were satisfied with the service, you can give a larger tip.
You don't even have to make up jokes
With the increase in homeworking with Covid, even if it becomes popular it would still stay low hopefully
Where did you grow up that it's normal to bring up porn in everyday conversation
Kámen (stone),
* Do toho se neseru (I'm not shitting my way into this)
Glad, they are gone so Europe can breathe.
I like the Finnish one for the same reason
In Poděbrady, plurality of the tourists are Czech, with a lot of other tourists coming from Russia and Germany
Christmas potato salad with or without mayo is probably the biggest one
Looks like you need some freedom
>read for example Frost comes from the Kremlin Mráz přichází z Kremlu )  by Zdeněk Mlynář
Nice, let's hope it will get to my town as well
Yeah, sure, as long as you're willing to become a backwards Easterner with no compassion, you're absolutely welcome here.
Hell no
There's technically no law forcing anyone to follow a particular book or version of the rules outside of schools, but the Institute's publications carry a lot of weight
The eternal enemy of Handlacking
Everything else is just pattern
Yes
For sure
In our leanguage it's "Česká repulika" (- means Czech republic) and "Česko" - (means Czechia)
The thing is, Slovakia was sorta kinda promised federalisation back when Czechoslovakia was being formed
rightholders should be without prejudice to the application of exceptions or limitations to
Is there somebody who thinks this is funny?
* Russians
Lodz moment
And Czech Republic doesn't go anywhere, because the beer costs 1€ / 0,5 liter in a pub.
For around 33 EUR I have cable with internet 200/20, around 120 TV channels.
I know reddit for quite some time, but first time I saw it it stroke me as confusing.
It seriously looks like true monastery in Half Life 2: Lost Coasts
I don't get Czechs who are proud about this
It's when you ring on random people's doorbell and then you immediately run away, so they don't see who rang it
This makes me angry
There's not much to choose from but I'd say I like the current one the most
Flattery will get you nowhere
I've only heard about those places as it seems that they are somehow focused on Germans who cross the borders for cheap shopping
Below 10C I usually wear somewhat thick hoodie and below 0 thin hoodie + jacket and gloves or hat depending on the temperature
I know it's kind of childish, but I can't really help it.
It doesn't really work like that here, everyone has the same basic insurance which is mandatory, the services don't differ
The same 10 day period applies here
It was a sophisticated secret evil scheme to make the British join it and then annoy their lifes for several decades.
You will be remembered
Should be still there
China or Russia not even hypothetically
It was the night when soviet union and his vassals in warsaw pact occupied czechoslovakia for its reforms
And soon, Austria will be no more
Overall lights are everywhere and the nighttime feels kinda romantic
I just don't know
Why would you want kebab without onion, though
So the only way for Catalans to have a state at this point is to engage into a military conflict with Spain and withstand the consequences -economic *and* political- along with the conflict itself, certainly neither of which will happen
For me, France and Italy are two countries proving absolute injustice of God in distribution of wonderful natural and cultural sites
Not anymore but for a long time I used the word "eventually" wrong, in Czech we have a word derived from that, "eventuálně", which means "possibly" so I used eventually to mean possibly
With Google translator every one, but from top of my head 7
ughhhhh, why are we on the same list as Amsterdam and Ibiza
we don't develop communities, we develop friendships, and many of those last a lifetime.
Why
Actually, England wants to leave, Scotland wants to remain
and Operation Flashpoint, Original War, Inqusitor, Polda, Spellcross etc
Many people think that Czech accent sounds similar to Russian one, that is actually furthest from the truth, the accent is dramatically different despite being from the same language group
Czechia, but I really hate European climate and I'm trying to be at some warmer place whenever possible
You take your dirty shoes off in the hallway and put on slippers (and you usually offer spare slippers to guests).
What developed countries even still have a military service, besides Israel
We still have haleře, they add up normally but when you pay it just gets rounded up or down
D1 (Highway 200km long which is many years in reconstruction (30+% of the highway has reduced speed and very poor flow)
- Opening beer bottles just with the things you have
No offense, but people often get terrified once they see a car on a road that has "PL" on its license plate, especially when it comes to truck drivers
Or at least in over a decade
**Karlovy Vary:** spa town, lots of Russian and Arab tourists
We may be slightly better in this manner as higher education is more common and people generaly know more stuff and are less ignorant, but because any idiot can write anything he wants on the internet, public forums are full of idiots telling everyone their idiotic opinions and they stay there for anyone to read
But hey, you're free to join us I guess
because humility is a virtue in Christianity, perhaps
Vega is an AMD GPU architecture.
At least in my social circle
A few years ago, Switzerland was excluded from Erasmus when they tried to establish quotas for immigrants from the EU despite that being against the agreements they have with the EU.
Nothing beats the evergreen classic.
Ok, but which one of those has a watermelon?
Hlava, ramena, kolena, palce
Of course that won't happen with current political situation, either we leave EU completely (Okamura's referendum), or we stay as we are, and from those two options, I think staying in EU is much better
Corrupt people tend to find ways of getting to money
Only low income group have these
State of some literally doesn't allow speeding unless you have no regard for your vehicle
Vatican: pope
Of course that won't happen with current political situation, either we leave EU completely (Okamura's referendum), or we stay as we are, and from those two options, I think staying in EU is much better
There are two big charity organizations, UNICEF and Czech based People in Need, both running on monthly subscribstion model
Yes, that is another misconception.
I hate humans
Like, they have the translations done within few hours of the show airing.
Džon mejd hiz vej tu e tevrn strú d dák forist, ounly tu fajnd aut det hí frgot d many
Kačka can be either duck or familiar nickname to crown (currency)
Previous winter I didn't have to shovel at all - all snow was rained off immediately
I think Bohemia is much cooler than Czechia
Even they will leave within a week when they found where are they
France leaving EU will have much bigger consequences, but I don't think many people have necessary knowledge to speak about it
Be it reading books, listening to podcasts or watching movies/series.
We've got some really nice glacial lakes in Šumava (like [Black Lake] for example).
Last time in Taxi Taxi
State police might be a better translation
Every level had a list of topics and a listening exam
I think there are more people from Kosice living in Prague, than people from Prague
The party is not some hard core christian club and they try to be "soft-spoken" etc., so many people find them ok.
With Slovaks it is like friendly rivalry
There might be one I remember but, I'd like you to ask you something in order to confirm
But monuments dedicated to Communist leaders
Oh so you found C in this less-known english word
I just said that the sellers are just one country wrong, it's like going up the stairs to the 8th floor and accidentally ending up in the 9th floor.
Although I guess it's only because there were not given as much space to broadcast their views.
Or use a plane for Iceland atleast.
Yeah, and we also talked about Taoism, Confucianism and natural religions
Nejsem ve sví kůži (i'm not in my own skin) - you are sucking at something you are usually very good at
Dík
remember the Pokémon go song
I don't know how big that concern is for V4, though honestly I don't think solving it would make V4 much more receptive
Thanks a lot u/hexalby - this is very well written and interesting.
I don't have the data either, but some of my friends visited various smaller Russian cities as university students for a semester in the 80s and the areas they saw were significantly poorer than what we lived in at the time
Cirta National Museum
Why don't you link this  ?
Especially in Prague
Over the time, they lost Czech diacritics or were fully transcripted to German pronunciation but they're still easily recognisable
Government should know better than people what is good for them
Yes, he killed some commies, but rather have them dead than a German civil war
I'm surprised nobody mentioned Skins yet.
Russia has population 145 millions; USA 318 millions, EU 510 millions, that's Western 828 millions to 145 millions Russians.
/czechoslovakia/bohemian kingdom etc
...what exactly are they compensating for here
That was not a good idea but what about north next time
Shit will hit the fan
The border between Slovácko and Upper Hungary was actually fairly blurry and wasn't closed in a sense that we know from the 20th century
I think Pilsen gets the least hate from the bigger cities
I love the Magnificent Century, because of the history aspect of it
It depends on the person
what piss me more on German highways are germans overtaking imaginary cars
The thing is some of the buildings are already falling apart, so it's just not particularly safe.
But it looks completely different in reality
It naturally caused a war between the students and the school staff because us teenagers thought it was a stupid rule and stupid rules didn't have to be followed.
More doesn't mean anything related to moře (sea) etc
French did it
Catholic Church as an institution is one of the most anti-human, power seeking and criminal in the entire human history.
In the 1970s, an unmapped ancient water pipe collapsed under two people waiting at a tram stop during a thunderstorm and the water took one of them, a woman, with it
It's simply unsustainable with the current birth rates and aging population
Same complaint here
You are right, it's extremely unlikely that Russia would directly invade a NATO country.
Plus Berlin is among the cheaper cities in Germany, Prague is the most expensive one in CZ.
Fight, rip each other's ID card apart!
He probably just exposed their true identity.
It'll take some getting used to, but after what happened in Brazil this week, I'm just glad to see we're expending time and effort to maintain our historical institutions
Even in the west, the acceptance of gays is higher compare to trangender people while in conservative countries like Poland, or India/Pakistan/Iran etc.
[Till 1959]
But yeah, it is one of our most defining culinary pieces, whether we like it or not
Syllabic consonants *r* and *l* can play the role of syllabic nuclei.
" Our longest word without vowel is "scvrnkls" with eight letters
Damn it feels good to be a European
The dissolution of Czechoslovakia is not celebrated in the Czech Republic as a "real" Independence day and since it's on January 1 everyone is too hungover to think about it anyway
Why is Těšín gone
This close to Russia
Pro/Anti Eruopeanism isn't nearly the main topic of this election, I don't see how it's relevant at all.
And what matters is that KC:D and Mafia are just great games
Cats's heads in Czech
Just a little insight: Bottled beer is 21%, draught beer is 10% if served in a restaurant with facilities, 21% if not
Once you know it in the silent version, you can't imagine watching it any other way.
sea, lovely towns, ex-yugoslavian country, they have euro, seems to have good relations with other balkan countries, mountains, Kotor
There won't be enough machinery to dig all the trenches
It's absolutely terrible and yes I feel it like a huge loss for all of us
Getting invaded
Germany is our goal (far economically, close geographically and culturally).
In the city where I live (north-west Bohemia) it haven't snowed yet
If that were the case, the country never would've split up
And the neighbouring city is in the dynasty name of our only elected, non dynastic, hussite king (often visible in the dynasty map mode of EU4)
8% of austrians voted for joining the Reich
I'm sorry but *Carel Capec* hurts my Czech eyes
so help me God_ my inner voice said _this fucking shit is obsolete_.
What are your experiences with foreign exchange students in your country
Some countries have private insurance companies, some don't etc
He married a Czech wife and built himslef a house all by himself.
40% want communism back
That's what i am saying
Is the photo from the incident?
Řiďka= Asstown
What else
It is something very different.
Especially with the LGBT+ stuff
There is also one in Klatovy
Really depends on the cashier
Fuck Russian occupants
We have proverb :"To drink like danish"
I dont hunt so i dont really know that law
Here (Prague) it's completely normal to speak in colloquial Czech while in public, even our teachers often use obecná čeština while teaching (except Czech teachers in primary/middle schools who are "trying" to use the Standard language while teaching but stop the moment the class ends)
I think it's needed for atheist because it can be useful info in some cases and people are less likely to believe in disinformations about religions
Czech cities can be relatively hilly, so unless you have the opportunity to shower at work/school, it's not that practical
we do love you, you have sun and stuff :'(
The weather was so beautiful today
At first, I read: "What **religion** in your country is the odd one out
And about Radeszkys nationality
So I'm learning Japanese, since I now have a use-case for it
There's underground bunkers and many tunnels
Nazis were really shocked when they occupied us and opressed and slaughtered people and they made jokes about it all the time
When talking to other Czechs I say I’m from region of city Písek and when talking to other people I say Czech/European
Prague citizens barely recognize Brno's existence
It's really up to you guys now with the forthcoming elections.
No, thank you
It usually becomes a mess when there are 3 or more negatives and the context is logic itself on top of that
It's just transliteration to the English Latin alphabet and as such it's a little bit clumsy
Spain, I think the size, location, structure, shape, islands,... just everything is geographically perfect for Spain imo
I gotta go
Plenty of people smoke today, youth has easier access to other drugs thru their dealers etc
I've never been to an especially dangerous country, but most stories that I hear or read about tourists getting robbed and killed are about people who were clearly rich (in comparison with the standard of the given country) and looked like it
- Persia (not much)
But maybe that's just me
Prague is pretty awful regarding housing prices
expect Europeans to continue to **vote for the right in desperation**
Watched it for the first time month ago
He did all of that using the people that used to be in power and members of STB (our version of KGB) who were never persecuted or jailed after the velvet revolution
It's like endless lines of cocaine that cover mountains (for your information, imagine being under the sea but in reverse)
but I rather let them access my sensitive data
It's a joke
It's ok mate
Also you don't need to rebuild brick and mortar house after a tornado, because it fucking survives without taking too much damage
I especially liked the cuisine in the northwest of Spain
^[source
Also none yells at me, none cars if i go early or come late, no e cares how i actually fill the attendance (none checks), if you need to leave mid day, you just tell the manager you are going to get a haitlrcut or whatever
Just no sacrificing our environment for the coal lobby
EDIT: No, I'm not poor
Is there someone for whome a clown isn't part of a nightmare
[As most people here I fell into the left-libertarian part.] I definitely don't consider myself a left-wing person.
Similar widespread mistake is to talk about "long vowels" when referring to eə eɪ aɪ ɔɪ aʊ ɪə ʊə. These are not long vowels (i.e. monophthong vowels with a greater quantity) but diphthongs
Since it hit our house directly and burned out our electricity and lot of appliances and about 2 or 3 years later another house and went into ours again so it damaged the electric net again (it was really "fun" to watch lightnings going from the outlet), not really
If you pay by card or by bank transfer you pay exact amount like 1234,56 CZK
This is good movie aswell:  **Lust och fägring stor**
As for the suffix, females don't have to add the suffix when marrying in some cases:The woman is a foreigner, or plans to live long term in foreign country, or the man has foreign surname and is a foreigner
That last sentence might be a problem
Or Russia
It is something really disgusting
In the past, the local idiots would just sit at their idiot table in their idiot pub and would not mix much with the non-stupid folk
Well if a single small car Škoda Fabia eliminate FOUR APC Pandur II 8x8 with single hit and repair of APCs took 3 years
I don't see buying Samsung as being somehow „tech savvy“ because you are also paying for a brand with Samsung and Google phones
That flag sure looks video-edited into the vid
Together they got around 40% of the vote
It's 'venkov' in Czech Republic, which means exactly the same thing as 'vidék'.
Indicrectly, yes, in terms of the legacy of WWII
Prague is pretty diverse itself
I for one welcome our German overlords.
I'm hardly alone though, I think most people here hate or at the very least don't like it.
In polish it is Lech, in Russia it is Rus and here it is Čech.
I get OCD bouts whenever the former are not referred to as Goidelic
Hermes in Futurama speak with some moravian accent, original should be Jamaica or something like this
(non-native here)
I wasn't one of those people, hence I have to say that I don't know
Populist = appealing to the people, right?
There is also one in Klatovy
Prague truly is absolutely divine!
Our roads are a never-ending story.
I'm just lazy
That's beautiful
They have two choices now: Google spyware or overpriced Apple toys
Far enough we're in NATO
Rakousko-Uhersko
Everyone takes a detour unless they actualy go to Slovenia
"Vy vyl vyn, tejkyd ízy, bat tejkyd
The case of a LAW 94 was filled with concrete to simulate the weight and someone(usually me as the youngest) had to carry the fucking thing round all weekend
Even Neo-Nazis get bored by it.
Sounds like a bit of an overreaction
Otherwise I would've probably starting hating the entire language
I was in the care of NHS
They were studying under one roof, intermarriage was commonplace, religion didn't play important role, etc.
I think most of us know
I wonder what you would say if the government of the Czech Republic would suddenly say it decided to withdraw the name in the same manner as it announced it will submit the name
On the other hand, it's worth it when a few months later you open the jar and throw a handful into bramboračka
Germany annexed half of our country again :(
Currently working in Germany, pretty happy here.
september 935 when Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia was murdered
There's also Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Argentina and a few other fully developed countries.
And then there is a surprisingly similar history and a mindset, to an extent
Local serious media try to sound neutral, but the general support goes of course to the Dutch side.
Also ban everything random
that's basically all she ever does, and I'm not even joking
Yea, you are Confident Homer like us
- Ship propeller
I was stunned the moment we arrived at the Dreiländer and things looked pretty great since
I wish there were more people aware of the benefits of united Europe
"No
The [video] on spherical space is incredibly fun
the music is very well known here as this song is a quite "popular" remake of the original hungarian one
Russia is transparent to the whole eastern Europe.
Some countries are truly not ready yet for such speed.
It is said that it was especially hard and taxing job that was strictly regulated and I just can’t imagine driving a 100 tonnes worth of loosely tied tree trunks through whitewater, selling it after a week or two of floating and then walking back to the mountains to make a new raft
\[…\]
Turkey is only considered "European" because it's a nice buffer between Europe and near east.
Czech Republic is second
23 stayed at the Hotel Flora while another 16 at the Hotel Steiner]
1993 when Czechoslovakia split
We only have one major airport in the country, and the only options for getting there are bus and taxi
Also "prdel světa" meaning "ass of the world"
Polish people always claim it sounds cute and child-like to them
Yes, that's a big problem everywhere
* Kyoto
"Spadl z višně" - fell from a cherry tree, aka has stupid ideas
So he was at least Bohemian
Monaco:  casino
We have one under the building I work in.
It's obviously not, that can has simply been kicked down the road and will have to be opened at the end of the transitional period (prediction: it'll be full of worms)
The number of arrests in the US every year is something completely absurd to me
so yeah
The actual Finnish birthday picture you’ve been waiting for
Slovak is not the same language but It's very close so I'm gonna treat it as such
What concerns British vs American English, for consistency I use American spelling (you know like forced spelling of _color_ in CSS), but British slang is cool
Also, I think The Southern City stereotype is valid for most panel housing estates in Prague
I don't know, why are you talking about current left or immigrants.
Yeah, I know
You invaded Poland
Nobody I know puts Romania in Central Europe
and I found none
Source:
Can't think of more
A lot of labour-demanding manufacturing.
It's a Polish cartoon, not a Czech one
Can't imagine using it either, i'd say this is not exactly a country specific thing
Noobs
As would be the case if companies were forced to sell the same product in all countries.
Any places to avoid at night
Things now got better, waiters are now less surprised and rude if they are asked for it and you can get some widely popular beverages like [Kofola] for a price comparable to that of beer, while the prices of Czech beer have not increased drastically I'd say.
Wow, thanks for the award  [u/FiveDaysLate] Very cool
Is it
It's mostly the land for agriculture, which I think is going to make more room for wildlife.
They're doing what is necessary to survive.
(Translation: It isn't our budget
I believe you if we talk about Moscow and St
He is not an elected head of state, but he is head of state "ex officio".
Maybe Russians or Poles would like the Irish gaelic more in comparison
Love the Italian countryside, especially Abruzzo
Why is that
Too bad that plenty of EU politicians would like to do the same
, so they don't care
1918 - 1939
I have a legitimate question: How do they keep it so clean white all the time
Thousands lost their jobs and were persecuted by the regime until 1989
1 crown
At least Australians stereotypes is danger noodles + everything is trying to kill you & calling everyone cunt
Radicalism, be it nationalism or religious fanaticism, is the true plague of our societies
After all, not everyone is enthusiastic about Barcelona taking over.
I would not say worse, just mixing English and German words to my native language
There are 3-4 people injured by guns for every killed one on average
He is the only Czech-speaking monarch today
( In the whole world it is more than 1 million a year)
Nope and never seen anyone who had.
And even if you have no car, train system got you covered, especially if you're student with ISIC card - student prices can be ridiculously cheap
The standard political parties are corrupt.
Honestly I would objectively vote for Bulgarian
I completely agree, we need to more diversify the structure of our economy as well as our exports.
As a monarchist I am out of any political spectrum.
I am in favor of getting rid of Senate, I really fail to see the point of it.
That's probably the case for most capitals on this map, it's also kinda like a population density map
That depends what year you mean by back in the day
I know this is just a rickroll, but since there is always at least one person, who will take it seriously: THIS IS NOT HOW ARTICLE 13 WORKS
I try to check out the parties before foreign elections
All of us are humans after all.
The truth is, that when there is a panic and actual danger, people react way differently.
Betraying an ally in this manner is really really shitty and terrible PR
Putin did same thing several times (Crimea, East Ukraine, Chechnya, Georgia) and it worked for him
If you're talking about bottled beer, it still isn't true for Pilsner, but you can buy a cheap beer in a supermarket for that
OP is a not an American, but a Turk.
WE WANT HIGH WAGES FREE HEALTHCARE SOCIAL PROGRAMS FOR EVERYONE EVERYTHING FREE BUT MAINLY LOW TAXES
+ Brazil) and Latin America are countries speaking Romance languages: Spanish, Portugese, and French (i.e.
My heart says Slovakia but my reason shouts Germany.
It gives you an amazing insight of what people who live in small towns or villages think.
I actually have a proposal
I was born in Czechoslovak Socialist Republic
Also most of the people are against islam, so those are also against Bashar al-Assad (if they only knew FSA are more religion based)
Norway is in Erasmus as well, I should know since I spent my exchange semester there.
This echochamber mentality goes both ways and it is visible in many issues
Are we second after Austria or are we at the third place?
Also he might wonder where are his German and Jewish neighbors, story how germans killed the jews and czechs expelled them, won't be pleasant to tell
Yes, know, it is the same in czech and we learn it in school
Don't let the western degeneration rule over you
There's plenty of shitty things in our country, but the way the immigration works here is great.
No, we don't.
When was the last time KKK publicly lynched someone?
5th Century - 1526
Germans buy new cars
What the fuck
Well, I've got some studying to do
Kinda sad tbh
Yes
# #allpiratesarebeautiful #pirateslifesmatter #pirateswithoutpilates
then, we can see how much we have to improve, especially our legal system.
She was pretty good skier and escaped around 1972 or something when she was allowed to go abroad, went over ocean, did some modeling, hit Trump...
But here behind the iron curtain US always seemed much much better.
Snih
I have the same feeling, for everything Russia have done to us
It's almost identical
But consumer tech is critical for your image is a global technology leader
No idea why, but even here, in a country next door, one can't get good halušky
At the very least they're military allies for a long long time.
I feel disappointed :(
If he wants to flow to request asylum in Austria, there is [Morava] river going right to blauen Donau.
same
I’ve got to say though that the difference in speed and comfort between all the trains in Europe is immense
In fact, it had all those in its first 14 launches.
The book was/is quite popular and sometimes is still quoted/referenced in local context
however, wherever you start, there is something.
Moreover, every possible question about Trump and the election has already been asked and most of the OPs are just shitposting anyway.
Couldnt believe what I saw on TV
5 km "nearby" unless you can get there under 15 minutes
It's a study exchange program funded by the EU
How is then normal hammer in your language
Baguettes
That's why I tried to put Denmark in both west and north and was really struggling with Latvia and Lithuania since they could also pass as more options
Dude, the hussites, communist propaganda aside, were basically medieval version of the ISIS.
Sorry about that
Here's to news without Trump
[that's where you're wrong freunde]
Also Olomouc was the main center of Moravia for most of history, it is seat of second archbishop after all
Ajd even then, stabbing is easy
If you follow the Cold war division, then yeah, Prague and Budapest are Eastern Europe, however nowadays the "social norms" in these cities are pretty much the same as in the Western Europe.
Well we don't want them to flee when things don't go as imagined really
You guys don't speak Czech in Slovakia
I knew you were Czech just by reading the post lol
Today is "Everyone Invades Poland" day.
Our former prime minister Bohuslav Sobotka:
Bullet holes, holes in the sidewalk from grenade launchers, huge number of cemeteries
pretty much this, also notice his well picked nick name
But that's my fault because I learned a lot of my English from YouTube
It sounds like my cat when shes puking
Hands down the best thing about Croatia is the people
I liked the exhibition about the uprising and communism in general though so that's why I recommended it
Someone on r/czech told he had to stole a pen, because stationeries are closed and supermarkets are not allowed to sell them either
Also because there is a chance of KDU, TOP or STAN not being able to get into the next Parliament since they might not pass the 5% threshold
I was curious which is our 82nd biggest city and it turns out it's [Pelhřimov] Very pretty town in lovely region.
"Toilet rolls
In czech it’s lenochod, the lazywalker or slothwalker
Constitutional court is in Brno, everything else is in Prague
Thanks for sharing, made me feel a little less depressed about the future :)
which asks for electoral support from all Czech citizens and taxpayers who want to change the current criminal situation of which we are all victims into its polar opposite
Who didn't work was "parasite" and was sent to prison
Obviously there is also a group of people that don't agree with it, but they're a minority.
edit: [Here] as well
Here it’s called Morana
if it's written, looking for some time into it, remember how czech looked about 500 years ago, add some knowledge of slovak and other slavic language and I get some idea what is it about
Yes that was a topic as well, but I was talking about [this] plan, which wants to keep the apps as standalone separate apps, but with "unified technical infrastructure" which would allow you to message people on the other apps as well
so yes, it is complete different here
Mine doesn't anymore, because I'm now the tallest one
I think some schools have it as a choose able subject in the 7th grade
But i think this is everywhere.
Czech Ministry of Interior proposed introduce "Right to Keep and Bear Arms" to Czech Republic constitution
Depends on what you consider long hair it ranges from very common to not as common
first thing we'll teach them is that Europe is not a country but a continent of 50 countries and there is no "European civilization".
Yeah and my point is that it is ridiculous to shift the blame for German flawed system on other countries, which are not even denying cooperation, they only happen to have some opportunistic citizens.
Slavicisation instead of germanisation.
Also 30 years war started and ended in Prague
Salo IT
He was assassinated by Czechoslovak paratroopers who were flown over Bohemia by the British
Czech republic has very dense net of villages and small towns, originating in early medival times and surviving both industrialisation and urbanisation of last two centuries.
Being banned or getting your post deleted on Facebook is not censorship
That's because 1) it's just a bunch of random people talking on the internet, not an academic discussion, so duh, people don't come armed with all the knowledge, and 2) you only narrowed it down to linguistics to make your point
As the sub is young, many might still be exploring their ways in the sea of sex
We live in 2016 and that there are still no highways is definitely a sign that both countries don't see an important partner in each other.
Yeah, that's to differentiate between that and the polish Těšín. Wouldn't make sense to call it Silesian Těšín, would it
) were proposed but government couldn't agree on it so a compromise was made and we stated only the Czech name and left the rest blank until we would come with better alternatives
I think, they had their reasons to kick nazis out of the Netherlands
Very cute, I'd love to visit the Baltics one day
Everyone lives in the country, has a "valaška" (a long axe often associated with brigandry) and waves it wildly when dancing
"The other side"
We literally have a child in office.
It's because of its popularity and when one finds a way to buy it, they simulatenously find a way to buy other illegal drugs
More like I can see a quite positive correlation with the average English proficiency in given countries.
There are certain areas where the articles are generally pretty high quality with reasonable depth
Mammoths and other Pleistocene megafauna.
As my grandpa always says, alcohol brings people together
Maybe when I'm so old that I lose libido I might start to appreciate explosions in public places.
We also have a party that ran for the elections to European Parlament named EuTroll, and its only purpose according to its founders was to make money and Troll the Eu
It’s pretty fucking good but I think more national one is svíčková.
You know there are bad people everywhere
They stop short of "single market" because unlike the Nordics, they're still net beneficiaries and net emigrating countries, so they need the extra social support until they can go full euro-sceptic and pull the ladder from behind them.
I don't think there are is one unintelligable accent (I guess it depends from where the listener is) but every accent has several words than no one else understands
Drunk people here usually go to bed, no to shower
Yeah, something worth living for
One of the people in our group went inside trough a hole in the fence and sprinted to the top, but he was the only one to see it
the atheist population become majority and religions decline
yes exactly this, including socks with sandals.
It was kinda pain to watch because of how long and confusing the episodes were, my brother literally had to drag me in front of the screen and make me continue watching lol
Amazing
thanks
*cops jump out the ambulance* bet ya didn't see that comin'! Tear gas time
Or I go around the regional history and culture museum every day (before covid) and still don't know what is inside
It's basically the same as we pronounce R in Czech
Australia is able to protect itself from the sea.
So it's *technically* a holiday
Or when your boyfriend dumps you when he finds out
I like the fact that you have 60's aerial map
Shqipëri - Albánie,
Generally it's hadi - all snakes and then jedovatí hadi (venomous) - even cobras or any snake with venom (again, not speaking detailed zoology, but like laic public) and škrtiči (boa
I believe you mean Prussia
It's, I think, the 9th oldest in the world, and it's also 100th most prestigious in the world (that doesn't sound impressive, but given, how many universities exist worldwide, it is impressive IMO)
Beside, nothing seems to work as it should in Poland so it must be because Poland is upside down which is also the reason why [Poland cannot into space]
Ok, bye
Ok, you're rich, you have Ferrari, but why blast music like some ghetto teenager
Slovenian is, of course, closer to other South Slavic languages
I would say the worst war was 30 years one
He literally stated that a United States of Europe should exist pioneered by Britain and the French Republic.
A lot of famous Czech writers are from that timeline and its basically very important path of our history
Shit like that would be a lot more rare if anyone could pull out a Glock and shoot the harasser.
they indeed do
Lmao they are not socialist in the slightest
The town of Bruntál is sometimes considered to be a prime example of this stereotype
Just a little bit more to tear down the last dictator in Europe
> Closed
Is that the castle from Battlefield V campaign
We can obviously defend ourselves, but with appropriate force.
Lithuanian looks a bit like esperanto lol
But Koněv also did help with the liberation, and most people don’t like him, because he was a Soviet (and with all the stuff that happened here after the war - the socialist era
- *Co jsme si, to jsme si.* - a reconciliation phrase, something like "it's time to forget about our past conflicts."
Although my friend didn't do this, I have no idea how he didn't get shot or something on a Christmas trip to Dresden
Nevěříte-li na pokoru u popravčí káry, zdá-li se vám naše kandidátka málo dokonalá nebo postrádáte-li na ní zástupce své obce nebo města a přitom MÁTE ODVAHU v této válce Lidí Dobra s vládnoucími Lidmi Zla povstat z jimi naordinovaného občanského bezvědomí, kterým nás ničí a dnešní DEMOKRATURU, SKRYTOU TOTALITU a OTROKÁŘSTVÍ VYŠŠÍHO ŘÁDU zásadním způsobem změnit, KANDIDUJTE ZA NÁS!!! Kontakt: Volte Pravý Blok www
Germany lost the war
So no, the viewpoint of a single dev on the game, even a main dev on the game doesn't fucking destroy it
So, spelling bees are irrelevant - most of the time if you can say it, you can spell it (sometimes with the exception of i/y)
Lucky
what else to do with someone that commited a murder?
* **Ostrava:** A grimdark (post)industrial city full of unemployed miners, everybody speaks in a funny, short-voweled dialect and is half Polish
I don't have that opinion
Usually correct endings for plural adjectives are "í/é" for masculine, "é" for feminine and "á" for neutral, but in common czech people would use ending "ý" for every plural adjective
Anyway, when I've got some spare time I play mostly Minecraft, EU4, and recently I started occassionally replaying GTA:SA.
He was vegetarian, that must mean something
Oh, they've introduced this law here as well, recently
The thing is "will they get covered by polish health insurance
Yeah, they exist and poeple go there, but I'd say they lack the finesse of let's say Austrian, Italian or French cafés.
lol courtesy phrases in other languages
Makes me think about what their lives were like, what they were thinking when the footage was taken, where were they going, what their hobbies were etc
> Even the poorest and the workers are heavily taxed, despite our  'progressive' tax system
But Asians and blacks are unusual and thus suspicious
Technically Hitler
Slovaks buying property on the Austrian side: totally legal
I loooove Bamberg and the beer
I love living here, but a hint of the slightest criticism instantly makes them super defensive
Any of the Visegrad 4 countries (Poland, CZ, Slovakia, Hungary) are generally not viewed as "eastern" in CZ.
They do sound different, which is probably why Polish or Russian people have an easier time understanding Slovak
Yes but it is quite rare and only one option
by European law, companies have to provide proof that they could not find an EU citizen to fill a position if they wanted to hire an outside-EU person.
Some supporters of our prime minister say that he isn't corrupt, rather that the whole political opposition, police, courts and also European parliament and commission are corrupted just to take him down
Dutch cities were bombed, dutch jews and dutch resistance was being exterminated, young dutch folk was being transported to labor camps and nazi factories, famine occured and people starved to death ...
Ah there you are
* PL: Dziękuję
Plus it's actually very difficult to compare countries crime rates, since countries often use different definitions for different crimes, or there is a different level of social stigma in reporting for example sexual crimes and so on.
It's almost as if we could be stronger by combining the best ideas from each country...
When they hear about European countries not making 2% NATO requirement, they immediately think of countries like France, Germany, Italy, etc.
lift pass for whole pal-arinsal sector (over 60km of slopes, 30 lifts etc) was around 35 EUR per day, alps were touching 40 or more.
The thing is, if you have a partner that is only on your side as long as it benefits them and not beyond that, then they're not going to be a very trustworthy one
We may be slightly better in this manner as higher education is more common and people generaly know more stuff and are less ignorant, but because any idiot can write anything he wants on the internet, public forums are full of idiots telling everyone their idiotic opinions and they stay there for anyone to read
Most of the teachers use Microsoft Teams and some Zoom, it depends on the teacher
The chancellor is shady guy, who is well known from his EU funds fraud, bribery and other
It's because Czechs don't speak Swedish
be glad that your snow speaks Finnish
It feels comforting to know that the world's most powerful military has a large operations base in a neighbouring country, makes it more convenient if we are attacked from the East
glad I'm in Prague, -8°C here now
It is a defining part of Prague's panorama and instantly recognizable all around the world
Absolutely alien phonetics, strange writing system (vowels are there
[A single Škoda Fabia is able to destroy five Pandurs
Mákový řez is delicious
Slavic languages are all like this
The meat gets shanked and strips of bacon get inserted, so the mean has more flavor.
Ale nikdo mu nikdy Karel IV
Wow, it works
Eastern EU states would be devastated with such move, especially Baltic states.
don't know about Italy in specific but this cocktail has usually one of the highest amount of alcohol in it.
Opened all of them, all are fine but Italian and Galician one
Same name could be possible in Czech, but it would be spelled differently, as "Kovalský". Czech uses "v" but Polish uses "w", and the rules for using i/y are different
I kind of took it for eastern Germany cause it borders us (mostly to differentiate it from like Nordrhein-Westfalia
You can rip the word apart _jedno-duchý_ and the literal translation is
In the 9th century, the Přemyslid dynasty moved its seat to Prague
It's not realistic for most Americans to just move to Europe, you have to have something to offer if you want to move countries.
It may be "To beru" (literally I take that) which may be I accept this or also I can agree to that
We used to have at least 1
I am not proud of my language, because if I was speaking german like we did 200 years ago, it would have been way more useful than a language that is spoken among some 20 mil people at best.
Ikea is love, Ikea is life
Do people really think it was not a great time for Slovakia as well
you can stay with soft drinks or gtfo.
For some reason it was only one during that time.
Okay why didn't I find that lol
I would prefer [a red-white flag] but it is already taken.
In many western European countries, directly insulting someone is a punishable offense.
For example woodcrafters are inspired by E. T. Seton and American Indians, Pioneers used to be the main communist organization until 1989, but are politically neutral and sort of generic scout-like camping organization now and there is also a small organization of scouts more in line with original British Baden-Powell's scouting
But German patriotism for times before wars should be supported
Mluvil jsem o medvědech a vlcích, ne o premiérech
I've never heard of them
It celebrates beauty of our nature
What's interesting is that we don't really know if he was a hero or a criminal
That's fine, but these young men will eventually turn into troublemakers if their demands are not met, are in poverty, or are unemployed/not in school/not in training.
Spanish bikers are the true hell
I completely agreee with that and Im angry, that some people ruin these ideals
I don't think ano - yes is in any way a possible equivalent here
It's not the medieval ages anymore, people
That's first snow this year, and probably also the last
"Oh I visited Prague once in 1995, it's so nice", or their cousin's been to Prague, etc
Weed is not physically addictive and has less harmful effects than alcohol and cigarettes, plus it can be used to treat some mental illnesses for example
But without Germany it is impossible...
Schools teach British, but since we're more exposed to American from movies and TV shows most people just end up with a mix of the two.
yes, thats the TIL I am getting from this post...
No, he clearly means liberal, since we're not in the US
(back before 1990, now it is some Greece-Polish holding or so).
Just look at the beer tax
Fuck you and your beautiful Tatry
What's wrong with Czech Republic
Kinda sad how you got mass downvoted by the pro EU people
I heard cashier in Kaufland saying that she likes Babiš, because they raised her wage while he is in power
i do often, but i dont really mind since i will be leaving this place in a few years and have no use for it anymore
He was so unlucky to live in a village located right next to a factory that the Germans turned into war machine factory and as such it was a target of allied bombing.
I understand the negativity toward black (gypsies) and Muslim people here, good old xenophobic Czechia
Any politician who dares to support illegal immigration will be voted out ruthlessly.
I don't see a reason to get upset about one cathedral getting partially destroyed, Germany got hundreds of similar buildings bombed into the shadow realm and they built them back
Used to be quite strong in the 90s, now their position is much weaker and they are mostly calling for a federalization of the country
In some pubs, they bring you beers automatically when you're finishing your currend beer
obligatory r/im14andthisisdeep
I absolutely support it
Bohemia sounds nicer but then the Moravians and Silesians would be angry :/
I'd rather point to the official map:  (and in general
So the president has the prime minister in his pocket and PM won't go against him
Leave me alone/Fuck off - Jdi do prdele - Go into ass
Most times, when I speak to Americans, I just have a weird feeling that they're only being polite
Well
It was allowed to do ANYTHING to Germans, so people taking German babies and throwing them in the river, for example, was really common
Well yes, but actually no
What aboit pasta with cocoa
Watched it again and yeah it does look like it.
The beaches were beautiful but so crowded
Welcome to the reality of Czech politics.
In 2019, there were 105 KFC places, but earlier this year, they opened one near me so might be 106
This incident led to one of the bloodiest conflicts in the history of Europe
They plan summer camps for children, educate people about woodcraft and they lead people to live a good life
Praha - everyone speaks super slow, rich
Domina est oofora :-)
It comes from my city of Brno
The "Střílna" ammunition factory was located on the northern edge of Bolevec in Pilsen
Well, atleast you don't have communist party that regularly gets 15% of the vote.
and asking for advice how to smuggle this way is asking for bad luck.
> The museum is run by one of Orbán's most outspoken supporters
Also he's only been the minister for like a month because the previous guy couldn't take it anymore (he got blamed for our current "Best in Covid" situation which, to be fair, is mostly the fault of our government having no fucking idea what they're doing
I never claimed we were a part of Western Europe, we've always been Central
And after the fact, these same people immediately immediately showed where they lay in the hierarchy and who was in charge
Lo llamo stereovisión. Cuando hablas dos idiomas de familia, entiendes lo que es importante y lo que no, que es un atributo común para la familia y que es un específico para la lengua, así que puedes concentrarte en las partes importantes
> The logic is
I'd say the Prague Castle, but that's not a single building
The Clintons, these guys have mastered the art of corruption.
Well, what would you say makes a southern Slav in your opinion
I unfortunately have no clue what they were used for
Amazing
Currently from tax frauds were so acceptable here we ended up with some additional bureaucracy and online reporting of each trade to some false pride being most atheist country of the world but this proud magically disappear with any immigrant issues and people are crying for Christian roots (or even worse Christian - Jewish roots from these less educated)
I know that French one is war march song and that's all
I remember an interview from a lady who came here over from the US and her mother was freaked out that she's flying to soviet czechoslovakia so she packed her bags with cans of various foods to survive
My grandma did it commonly both ways, boiled and steamed, I think steamed are also pretty common
However, I didn't ask them so I am not sure if it's the same thing
I used to do this in Prague in Braník with bobsled and a bus when I was young
time for more diverse dickhead leaders
"A bunch of evil colonizers and slaveholders"
But they are not idiots - this would also cause even bigger mistrust from people.
The grocery deliveries are pretty much everywhere
NATO countries will not get security guarantees from Trump unless spending requirement is met.
I'm pretty happy with our neighbors, not changing anyone :]
It's seems so when they are dismantling the temporary hospitals already
It's like a secret passageway that almost nobody knows about and makes me feel like I know something special, even though their practical usability as a shortcut is probably close to zero
Zombie Hitler is worse than Trump, but that's about it.
(alongside other people who discovered it around the same time)
Don't do any Czech word puns (unless you are 10 years old or younger)
Czech Republic is chill becouse it has more than 1000 cases and still 0 deaths
not sure which one is the limit)
That we "changed" our name to Czechia
Yes, I believe there were even some historians who promoted the theory, there are for sure some Czechs who bear some Celtic DNA, but the thing is that other than the name Bohemia, there is not much left from this culture at all, not even many archeological sites.
Interesting and uncommon
[My colour - red and white]
But you can criticizes China and it's politicians only in private or anonymously
This
No city walls are left for him to gain,
*paní - woman/women*
Wait
Pít
And it would be more like Czechia vs Slovakia because KSČ had big support in Czechia but not in Slovakia
*Zachovej nám Hospodine* AKA *Gott erhalte*
Most slav languages (not the Balkan slav tho)
“ there was no mention of our towns generous gift
Magnificient
National identity comes first, only after that comes the European identity.
What the kurva is Liechtenstein
Until those damn Prussians stole it.]#History)
Hey, just because your Trump's wife is younger than our Trump's wife doesn't mean you are any better
Even more so than usual, I mean
It's fucking hilarious
Actually, as a tech geek, the period of his life I admire the most is his youth + start of MS + hilarious shit like Altair BASIC, deal with IBM, DOS purchase etc.
that was part of my young years as well, probably any summer camp had some game like this one
I propably don't know anybody who can't.
This is very far from America level mate
Local elections are not much better (15% to senat, 34% to counties).
We are the most dependent country from the entire EU on the exports to EU states.
Like, the dude's been in office since 1994 and has won five Presidential elections before this, of which at least four were just as blatantly rigged as this one
Slavic languages are all like this
Look up "Czech desserts" and one of the first things to come up will probably be [this]
yearly bonus, free working time and many things I can't remember right know or I don't even know these exists
While I don't doubt that an average non-muslim European doesn't really come into contact with ISIS propaganda, Russia's propaganda can be detected in a significant portion of anti-establishment "news" in almost every EU country.
shitload of things and activities for childrens
The white building really poped up after we reached the entry to the area
I don't have any asbestos mine in my garden though
Bell had already 3 missed calls from Cimrman
There's a massive difference there
Český Krumlov
Later gifted to the city of Brno (second largest city in Czechia)
Yeah, it's mostly tourists
We were the “beacon of democracy” in central europe and everything worked as it should
As in, most foreigners would probably not appreciate them as much as we do.
We, a landlocked country, have attacked Soviet fleet on the lake Baikal and won
It’s quote from documentary, it was told by pedophile commenting on age that actress told him she was
We have plenty more, but this was the first that came to my mind
Break up the illusions one by one.
You broke the rule n.1 of the Czech conduct, i.e.
I'm not a gamer, but I wanted to be in the picture and I can get behind [this]
We have word for it too
In fact, wouldn't the fact that these 400 or so agents were explicitly sent to secure the coup, rather than intelligence gathering like the other countries, characterize their presence at least a bit differently than your blasé *"so what"*?
I was very impressed by Estonia when visiting there, it's a modern and advanced country
I hope a part of Czech doctors comes back home from the UK.
We're supposed to have some (very brief) sections on sex ed split between biology and social studies/civics classes, but most of my teachers straight up skipped it
In Anthropoid the actors spoke English, but they got the accent pretty spot on, I was afraid they were going to do some pseudorussian abomination
If the house/apartment is theirs, it's usually some contribution to water and energies, if not, some contribution to their rent
Czechs did that
Galician surprisingly was harder than Portuguese, maybe because the portuguese one was about one Abba song, while Galician one was about some of Berliose's work
Pre-covid, travelling abroad in Europe was not a big deal, I’d leave the country 2-4 times a year, and that was before I started dating across borders
Losing their own wealth is what they fear.
You are moving again
Any idea why It's so troublesome to reach the bottom though
Poland: Yeah, you can copy my homework, just make it slightly different
You aren't writing koláčky every day so you don't need to have á and  č so easily accessible :D
The first time I encounter a spelling bee was during watching Southpark and was just thinking they are mocking some knowledge competition or whatever
add in their leftovers and people can buy/get it at discounted price
Why are those banned
If the laws are good, EU politicians will pad themselves on the back, not the national politicians
Another thing is Great Moravia, if you consider somewhat silly answers, but the point of this whole thread is to be kinda simplistic and silly, so hence my answer
We call them "Párky" (pairs), because, well, they come in pairs
Let's see how fast your ass is deported back home.
4 is former Czech president and PM Václav Klaus.
Politics-wise, I suppose there really isn't much to talk about.
" "What
Milk didn't really helo with that so now I drink soy milk
But is it proven that we can actually reverse the trend
It's all weird to see
(the "discount" I can have from Vodafone with my plan is about 40eur more than buying it anywhere else) Last interesting offer on iphone was for iphone 5
I would love to have stations designed by those students.
Do you mean Ben "Empty My Nine in The Welfare Line" Garrison?
No shit man, they were also
Yeah, I know it can be really tasteful, it was usually when it looked like this:
Who decides which of these 2 options is European
Used seeds contain minimal amount of active drug, they are safe to consume, and there is no way to get high with them
Russian, simply because of the alphabet, and if someone speaks in Russian then it sounds like they are either drunk or on some sort of drugs, I can speak it alright (sort of) but I can't write jack shit in Russian
Got a license and then never used it either
Nothing positive
If people of all opinions wave the flag at protests, what's the point
So many suspects
None of that big brand dark roasts like Lavazza Illy Segafredo etc, there are plenty of small coffee roasting places in cz and svk with wide range of tastes and feels
Myslíš Karla VI
How would you like to do that
Now we have roddent apocalypse on the fields, so many small mices are running around
Yes, beware the Jewish plot for world domination achieved by letting same-sex couples adopt children!
But in the end we all know who's got metro and who's got black dildo on the main square
So yeah, I like to celebrate pagan holidays (mostly Celtic and Slav)
I am sure the Austrian Emperor in 19th century was saying the same thing about us, you flaming hypocrite.
That would be silly
“Czechia” sounds weird to me
We sometimes jokingly call Slovakia Upper Hungary.
But
We learn about Czech history and information relevant to us starting with Great Moravia.
hot 30+
And that's not difficult at all.
Why do we need to give it life support?
Depends, if only the empire was reunited, it would not directly affect us, since we weren't a part of it
Refugees became the main focus of Nazis, even though there barely are any refugees in the cuntry (due to our politicians being spineless).
Lmao it doesn't matter where is the power plant in Czech Republic, It's so small that where ever will it be it will still hit Austria with the nuclear fallout
EDIT: [German figures for 2018 should have decreased by further 5
I usually go straight to English and maybe check the Czech version for terminology or something like that
Where did you get that bullshit ?
I mean look at us - we are keeping Babis at a power
I feel like not many people know/talk about this amazing friendship
Anybody who has read about the first 7 chapters of every Eco 101 textbook has to know that wage gap can't exist in the reality of a competitive market.
[gumáky] in Czech
I think it fits czech people more
I remember in Bulgaria I saw a dish named "nervozno köfte". Googled it, it's a thing:
Just unemployment and beer consumption.
[Seznam will actually be one of the default search engine options in Czechia and Slovakia
After being betrayed like 4 times
Wel there’s just too many traditional movies
So you dont even see this money
Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, lending club are some well known examples of the companies operating in the economy of sharing.
Sometimes Pfizer-Biontech
But once it had been a thing, federalising was a dangerous precedent
"I just wonder, where did the comrades from GDR make mistake
Sounds like Czech is the workers paradise!
It is relatively cheap, lasts forever and you can use it for anything
Generally it's hadi - all snakes and then jedovatí hadi (venomous) - even cobras or any snake with venom (again, not speaking detailed zoology, but like laic public) and škrtiči (boa
How is this supposed to help in ANY way
That's about the amount of black people I meet every day on my commute to work and I don't live in Prague, but in much smaller city in north Bohemia.
Achievements
They demanded his assault rifle and entry to the base
And what about people that don't have the money to go to Sweden
How is that going to help anything?
Because I simply don't see how the V4 went "full speed on advocating against it".
I've never been a francophile, but Duolingo is going pretty well so far
I agree getting it to around 30% of GDP sound like a good idea.
“People watching”
UK:
I remember learning briefly about different registers of Czech (standard, spoken, etc
Consistent with other country names (and our name in most other langauges - Tchéquie, Tschechien etc
Terry Pratchett almost did just [that
Usually for vacation, but sometimes for different reasons - shopping, concerts, music festivals
Both i and y are nowadays pronounced the same in Standard Czech: i/y - /ɪ/, í/ý -
Private televisions are trying to push it as Christmas movie, but it's not exactly popular and definitely isn't a symbol of Christmas, it's just a movie nobody asked for, which gets aired during Christmas
Czech langauge also has "luna" for moon, though its too poetic to be used in normal conversation
:-D
There's a movie about this, right
Ebin :-------(
including the "*fucking piece of shit Europeans why do you cunts hate America?*" or "*Americans are literally Hitler can we nuke them now?*" type of questions?
He never wanted to be in Russia in the first place.
“Natáhnout bačkory” I’d say is a lot more frequently used, meaning to “stretch slippers”
He was actually from Czech low nobility, with mostly czech ancestors
It's like a plague, I've been also offered DCC few times when paying contactless, which is pure evil
Lol, Czechs think alike
He was a leader of religious movement called Hussites that fought against Roman Emperor, who was catholic
my Mexican friends tell me the same thing - that Mexicans love to make fun of foreigners who moved into the country.
Nothing personal, guys, I just want Czechia to have sea.
I thought I was the only one
older generation (40+) is often
5-7 30 minute long classes each Monday, Wednesday and Friday
No even people whose family members were murdered by the Germans during the war
Well, I always thought that Baltic countries are the ones next to Baltic sea: Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.
With few rich people at the top, I can see China turning into something similar to Russia, few selected are rulling the country.
In Czechia it's as common as bread and I naturally thought it's as common everywhere
I understand protests against government and politics, because they are dependent on their people
I would love to see the comment of a guy below me.
and to other kids as well, has anyone seen Lord of the Flies?
It's funny how people from Prague keep saying how they don't care about Brno (as the overused joke goes: "You know what Praguers say about Brno
It is nice to take interest in your ancestors, but I don't know why is it such a big deal.
You usually go to the same camp with with the same people every year until you are ~18
They never caught him
I had no idea we the Czechs and Slovaks are not the only nations to enjoy this adorable show, I find it cool.
Slovakia
We have the biggest beer consumption per capita
*"hey man, nice to meet you, so...
So, for example, if you're a kid from Ostrava (no i-y merger, long vowels merge with short vowels) Czech is taught to you the same way as to a kid from Prague (i-y merger, no long vowels merger): you spend countless hours on learning where to write "i" and where "y", and no hours on where to write long vowels and where short vowels
using of shortened term instead of Czech Republic would trigger me
Yeah but I didnt think thats a party thing, thats going to the pub with friends for 2,5,10 beers
I laughed embarassingly lot at "Don't touch my spaghet
v = in
I mean I only actually *locked* them at night too but there usually isn't a door handle or a knob you can use to open the door easily without a key from the outside on front doors of houses which you enter directly from the street or flats in apartment buildings
Their system is not based on the idea of *contract social,* it is based on what they consider to be the will of God revealed to the Prophet who preached it to the people
We don't have to if the milk is tetra pack (of course we do once the milk is opened) and many people, if they have some, put it in the pantry with no special cooling
The question is whether you include these three countries as well
A monetary union between Germany, France, Spain, The Netherlands, Belgium and other minor states still sounds appealing.
But that era was highly prosperous for Romania
It's extremely tiring out having say "the Czech Republic" all the time, isn't it
Relatively comfy seats, enough space, clean toilets, power outlets and even wi-fi
My guess is that space research doesn't have an especially good return on investment.
Its the same for our state TV, but although advertising is forbidden, they get around the ban by pretending the adverts are sponsors
Our government holds the mainstream EU position on Russia.
So I guess in the films we just don't exist
Fun fact: Lauterbrunnen is right next to Grindelwald
I fully agree
Cheap af Michelin starred restaurands
Don't call me "My friend" when you see me for the first time.
For lack of domestic suppliers, perhaps
Ask r/SaudiArabia for financial support on this movement.
I have english set as my system language so wikipedia defaults to english also
nothing
Don’t forget about the one nothing of snow in the Czech Republic
In Czechia that’s a huge distance, out borders are closer that 200 km from capital
It might seem odd to some simply because it's more recent.
Then there are tourists in the SPA areas (rich ones in Karlovy Vary, the poorer ones in Poděbrady)
I met a Flat Earther who still believed in a Flat Earther even after embarking on a 15 hour flight.
Noooooooooooooooooo
You can give your child any existing name, either Czech or foreign
But that is indeed the primary reason why muslims are not liked
it annoys me when people from other countries question our significance.
I thought that Fanta was from USA
Žijeme Len Raz by EGO
Someone should correct me on this, im not the greatest czech at czech
This was a system so evil that a young student burnt himself alive in the capital city
Hungarians are from outer space
Though moving the date to 1990s isn't rare either
Good luck in the future
"**
To be precise, Czech language used to be called Bohemian language until the early 20th century
Some countries in the EU are doing better than the US, some are doing worse.
Here in Czech Republic, everyone is expected to speak Czech
I can barely tell if they're speaking Dutch at all or just German with a speech impediment...
shit like this is really silly I thought it was mostly only in countries of eastern block tho, my granny was called German bastard because of her German father mind you she does not even understood German language you would say only stupid people would attack small kids but this stuff was told to her by a principal of a local school she attended...
They are responsible for themselves.
There were a few re-uploads that worked even before
Maybe a good time for some bike show celebration
Oh yeah
Hanspaulka, Prague
Glad to hear that
Not a single mainstream politician has the balls to cut off the stream of illegals so the problem will get worse with each passing year.
In my opinion, the war on drugs only causes harm to society and isn't productive at all
> That's caused by people who stigmatize and bully pornstars (...)
They basically don't approach it as something naturall, but rather they try to artificially create their vision of the true European identity and that's just no go for me
It's crazy that I am punished with ridiculous additional fees for not being a local citizen
"Minister of state-approved communication"
No, the letters aren't even mentioned
But even worse, there are monsters who server it [with potatoes] Absolute blasphemy
We inherited it from our parents and grandparents and we have a duty to hand it on to our children and grandchildren, preferably improved and certainly undamaged"*
Exactly, built from exploitation of poor peasants and natives.
How's there a discussion
the cause for one and the effect for another, doesnt matter if the results are the same in both cases.
Our teacher at university once mocked us that we think how multicultural place university is today because there's a bunch of Erasmus students whom we see once at a party and maybe have got one elective course with them but when he was a student back in 60's there were plenty of students from COMECON countries and development aid students from "befriended republics" in Africa and Asia and everybody learnt together in Czech.
Yep, all the time
Developed modern country that is geographically Europe while politically not at all, you guys would probably feel a lot happier being in North America these days.
If only he had put his huge talent to a good use and built industry, trade and cooperation, rather than waging a senseless war
Bohemia, the center of it all <3
Sorry man I was reacting because I thought it has something to do with the Czech Republic
But seriously, they're not going to do that
Call me back when they have at least 100k in casualties.
Is there any pushback among conservative men
No, the statut quo is a gun ban in europe.
if you like the points, that's good for you, but I don't like cinema, gym, food supplements, strange books and strange package tours
She stopped to say that
There is nobody like Ojciec Rydzyk in other countries
We got like 5 hours of snow in Prague on one afternoon, but it melted overnight
(unless it's the "take the worst of each" kind of situation, which obviously isn't the case here)
A lot of people I know however seem to visit a dentist only when they have got a problem and often haven't even got their own dentist which then causes troubles because there's a scarcity of them and many don't accept new patients
Some idiots in the newly elected parliament want to make a law about constitutional referendum
It occurs both at birth (Mr
It's just transliteration to the English Latin alphabet and as such it's a little bit clumsy
Wow, huge respect to you, we don't really have that many immigrants from the West who actually have an interest in integrating, so this is really nice to read.
In the translation, it's *Brumbál* which comes from an archaic Czech word for a bumblebee as well, yet it sounds as a bit quirk but still naturally sounding surname
Are you going to tell somewhere if you'll decide to do it
They make this subreddit look far left hippies
Very true
Yes, I don't.
Most also has a Romani ghetto/hood called Chánov, which
Just as he said it some tourist touched it and smiled into the camera
Wait, 40
█████
locative | vodě | vodách|wodzie| wodach
century when we had our Czech revival, we changed it back to the classic counting, but people (mostly old people) still use it while talking
You don't want cheese with higher fat, because it'd melt a lot and could be leaking during frying despite applying breading twice.
Tbh, Im fine with war momuments dedicated to soldiers who risked or lost their lives in the war
Hungary, maybe
I'm from South Moravia and I've heard people call us the Italy of the Czech Republic
We Czech would really fight about anyone connected to communism, lot of (especially elder) people say it wasn't that bad back then
Accomplishments of Wermacht idk about that
I am sure there is a reason, I just dont see it.
I am Czech and it's nice to have once a year, but it's not like we make them at home
Perhaps, perhaps not
Hello there, taky Čech
I'm not sure what's going on past years, but those populist/oligarch/liars are winning one after another
I hope people in charge are actually doing something about it, but as I know our beloved government it will probably go at a snail's pace
Religion (catholicism) played important role in croatian nationalism and self-determination inside Yugo and after its collapse.
Also technically speaking we only had an alliance treaty with France, not with the UK.
(Norway flag means yes, usually).
There are barely any latin amricans living here and I never met one
#PrayForBelgium
Turkish president’s advisor claimed on public tv interview that there is no such country as Czechia, all the real men left the country and set up Slovakia
They also meet up with scouts from other countries
>Exactly, a buffer state, therefore it is not worth it to occupy it
Yeah there are several versions for many names
Even though we are a small country, there’s quite a lot of dialects
Could you get away with Džon or Džesika, though
It's shameful
This is why Russia and China are winning.
Dont be stupid like me and dont live in buildings with old wooden windows and bad insulation
People felt betrayed be democracy and countries from west, so they voted communists
Sweet is however definitely less popular, mostly available at fairs and cinemas
We also call it *Česko* in non-formal way
like what
I always thought in German the gender of brands is based on the gender of the product
Oh we had navy
We are so dependant on automototive industry and clients in EU, that if crisis in this industry would come and EU would weaken, we are pretty much done.
Even though we had fuck all to do with it
I'm not saying you are, but the amount of people who come here, ask a ridiculous question and once they got answers call people's mothers whores is too fucking high.
It's short, similar to the expression in other languages, and sounds nice, archaic and yet innovative at the same time.
Combination of these two make it stand out in /r/europe, compared to other european celebrities, which are not so big on the internet
yep, we call them "pěry" in south moravia
I live in a town with population about 50,000 people so I was very surprised
Nope, there is a handle on both sides and you have to lock them with a key
Nobody cares how many and what guns i have as long as i meet the storage requirements
How else would you describe black person
We've come full circle
So let's see if we get the data - I don't use reddit much and don't want to message mods about that, but if the data are available I can prepare the analysis easily (I'm in market research business and we do things like that on daily basis.)
We have subway
Pretty much the same, except school usually started at 8:00, except for some special classes, and some years we had “lesson 0” which started at 7:10
Preferably not fridge cold, but more like cellar cold (which is where it's usually stored until opened)
When we go on vacation, we are rather eager to see the sea and often cheer when we finally spot it on the horizon.
To jsem si neuvědomil :D to je podstatně horší.
It was our largest regional rival in the middle ages and there were hardly any serious links in the early modern period
It's too late
I was just planning to start "the name of the rose" today
It's not a joke, in Nové Město na Moravě is an international biatlon course
Well, it has a lot to do with how many people actually own a gun
you should fell weird it sounds just wrong, sincerely your Czech
The city layout and the natural conditions makes the Prague panorama to stand out.
Just few individuals like you feel personally attacked anytime something unfavorable from history of his nation is said
Shut up Yoda, just eat your toast
But it isn't very common
I see, we were too busy installing communism...
(But in reality, I just like oversleeping lol)
Pension retirement insursnce (on top of state mandatory one)
It just won't involve bullets or bombs, but information, propaganda, and cyber warfare.
A sound of beating drum (actually a plastic canister being hit with water) in an abandoned adit
Well, "Čechy" means Bohemia
Are you taught oy about one religion like Christianity or about more big religions like Taoism, Budhism, Islam and other
Yeah, it's proven that climate change is happening
Slivovice is ours
But I usually buy coffee in McDonald's or Czech version of Starbucks because it's much cheaper
Dont call them, I still live on the right side of the border now
In my town we also have a polish priest, but he is pretty boring and seems lazy especially when compared to our previous priests and the priests in towns around us (who are both czech and polish).
But well
Ulice (translated The Street) has about 3150 episodes and new episodes are still coming
Its not really easier to kill one person with a gun
If there is some drink, drug or mental issues I'd understand but generally there seems to be some glee about it on the parents side, tough love like they are doing the kids a favour
It wasn't an immediate 100% effective purge though.
Defenestration is not of those
I feel like it's better this way
Some politicians are completely blind to this fact.
UBI is not just for unemployed.
This is a good one too
Aww, Slovakia
It's actually Slovaks who consider GM their predecessor.
Actually English is known for separating meaning only by word stress
The other claims are unfounded lies spread by our newspapers
Even after a part of a city is closed forever for repairs sometimes I feel like people who made those decisions didn't think about any access options
Icelandic is not Old Norse, you can find youtube videos with parallel fragments from sagas, there are both phonetic and grammatical changes
It kinda suck to not have friends
It was not about politics only.
Therefore the wellbeing of other EU countries should be your concern too
If you insult local favorite football team, you are a ded man
We just have people from Brno, who set their city as a legitimate rival of Prague
Nor one can use altered version of a name
The owner of this building never tries to make it liveable, you are lucky if electricity and water is working
There is much more then Pilsner fee example Radegast or Budvar are completely different
She said they had problem with Turks.
So how did you choose the words
excited and naughty
You can see mouflons waiting for a green light or wander in parks nearby place I was grown, coypu colonies in close to downtown part of Prague, boars near fields and pretty much every small animal, beech martens, badgers, foxes, squirrels, ground squirrels
Remove the blue part (It was the representation of Slovaks anyway) So that people would have no chance to tell if it is Polish or Czech and the best part is that we wouldn't get confused with Philippines anymore
Western countries shouldn't allow other countries to dictate what their citizens can say
It would have been better to do something more sustainable and long term to really see some effect.
I tend to agree but then, I dont have a TV so I dont have to pay them
Nevertheless I understand that it is a fundemantal part of your culture and national identity, and to be fair it is a noble idea.
It is a lot wealthier country, the living standard is clearly closer to Austria or Czechia than to Bosnia, Serbia, Montenegro, Romania or Bulgaria
Nepotism, tax evasion, embezzlement, bloated budgets for public works that receive EU grants, bribes, overpriced roads and highways that fall apart constantly, conflict of interest
I don't know a single Czech who could speak and write Slovak at any degree of fluency
Berlin, Leipzig, Hanover sounds cool
Or you will leave if we don't accept euro soon?
I would say 95%+ people have the normal non-dispensing fridge (ymmv)
Prague Castle
-Kosača studios (strategy gaming)
It is fun experience
It all boils down to the same thing in the end
I think history and how things work (physics, biology and chemistry) to be more valuable
_Cxerez_ looks like fused Slovak _cez_ and Czech _přes_.
Hell I'd make myself vote for ANO if that would prevent it
Most of the things I have associated with these countries were related to things that popped up on r/watchpeopledie when it was still there lol but other than that no opinion on the people as such
> Cheesecake with raisins
Tea bags, of all things
Well, your comment implies that it is indeed celebrated in Slovakia when noone really thinks of New Years like that
Other world will never be able into such glory and perfection as our mighty Yurop!
They will exploit every possibility to gain power, even when it sounds silly at the begining and they watch how far people let them to go.
the feeling when your keyboard doesn't physically have the key between Z and left Shift :(
> Is tovarish a lost word or do you have other uses for it
Vernio FIN
but I guess that one event which sparkled 30y War was fairly significant
Osimo IT
V Česku to byl Karel III
There were even series of Christmas [commercials] starring him
“Always
My grandma did it commonly both ways, boiled and steamed, I think steamed are also pretty common
That's as one-sided as it gets
And even if it doesn't, it's not really a big deal
But if you translated Cunts, you would end up with Kundy
They will never be able to see it
He did lead the biggest movement for freedom after fall of communism in Czechoslovakia, but right now he's a retired politician who just tweets antilgbt lowkey racist stuff
* [Jiří Schelinger - Holubí dům]
Also there's a Constitutional Court of 15 judges, but it only concerned about the constitutional matters, i.e. whether a law is in accordance to the constitution
During upper elementary school we had had "Family Education" which was a subject covering everything from family relationships to etiquette to racism to drugs to sects to sex ed
Remember Schwarzenberg vs Zeman elections
You can guess why looking back at our history haha
With a draught, the weather gets even hotter as there is not a lot of water and green to cool it down
The thing is, if you have a partner that is only on your side as long as it benefits them and not beyond that, then they're not going to be a very trustworthy one
stolen in the 90s by the then-PM, an autocratic and stealing SoB and gifted to his daughter
I knew *četnictvo* existed, but I wasn't sure what was its job, because I wasn't born yet, when it existed
> From Lapland to Portugal without a single border stop
It is definitely not extreme left, but certain views do get downvoted here a lot.
We are the most atheist country in Europe, so
* Right-wing opposition (4 parties) is talking about forming a coallition for the next parlamentary elections (our D'Hondt coefficient is really harsh and puts small parties in a great disadvantage)
I prefer cats
Cyprus and the Knights of Rhodes for Jerusalem
I guess breakfast is between 6:30 and 8:00, lunch is between 12:00 and 13:00 and dinner is between 17:00 and 18:00
And it will still take very long to change
:-) I like your insight into UK
Isolated islands kept around for amusement.
I misunderstood
They don't want to shut off gas to **Germany**. It has been discussed million times, and here we go again
You need a form so they can register the gun
ROG Red city wallpaper
Speaks for power of integration probably :D
And it saves 20-25 minutes of time every day
Let's no forget to mention the marijuana products and imagery in even single one of these *gift shops*. It's ridiculous
One hours does shit to help
No, sorry but we don't... French protesting is on a whole different level
That has nothing to do with what democracy is or isn't.
Restrictions on the industry were relieved in the 90s, which attracted many from the surrounding countries where the regulations are stricter
I don't know what is meant by "very" but generally I think I am.
I'd extend it to lighters and matches as well.
We don't have to if the milk is tetra pack (of course we do once the milk is opened) and many people, if they have some, put it in the pantry with no special cooling
Here you go
If there ever will be /r/europe meeting, it has to be near Lake Bled
She speaks perfectly normally
You basically need to have a relative there or find someone to live with you and share the cost, otherwise you won't be able to afford it as a student or someone without large savings
Or technically you probably could but if you tried to use it for self-defence you might lose your licence (but it should technically not have any effect on the self-defence case)
If you ever find yourself in Budapest, I recommend visiting [The House of Terror] museum
It's not that he always directly supports us, but at least he understands this region.
the purpose of visegrad group is just to piss of remaining EU members, nothing all.
But in all honesty it took me years before I realized he's actually half black
Clintonova is still fine (somewhat), but when you see Angelina Jolieova I have to go capital face-palm.
Since this would a silly distinction to make
As a Praguean, if you find someone to complain to please let me know
I’ve been reading books, watching the news, YouTube, films, series, and playing videogames since
I don't expect anything, that way, I can be only pleasantly suprised
if it is going to shutdown shame of our country like Ulozto,hellshare and similar services I am fine with it
(dunno if it's a coincidence but all the names sound pretty slavic)
I'm fairly certian that in Czech you can also say behind the computer,  but I never found it weird
The younger people are more likely to vote for non-mainstream political parties.
Czech Republic is too long, too official, sounds sketchy, and is too tied to the current establishment (i.e. you cannot use it to refer to before 1918)
Proč Karel VI
The Czech republic has already the highest percent of manufacturing in its economic output of all EU countries.
As an antifederalist I hope they stay.
That mf is drunk 24/7
68 years, to be exact, when I subtract the war years
Don't think we do, but we consider Zalozie rightfully ours
I tried Almdudler on Saturday when in Austria.
Yeah
That's why every religion in the world has their own version of afterlife (let it be Heaven, Paradise, Elysium, Valhalla,...).
Might as well make some profit if you can.
I have to admit that I did my Erasmus in Lithuania
We've got a lot of idioms with that meaning that are associated with sausages but sadly, English language is not much colourful when it comes to words for specific types of sausage
(“Political connotations”? Seriously
Excuse me for any inconsistencies or missclick, I am writing this on the phone
But I might be wrong, of course.
The most infuriating thing about that is the fact that locally produced food for export is qualitatively better than the same brands sold locally, eg export sausages have more meat in them
Serbia, Moldova and Iceland
I haven't been to any other countries where they speak a slavic language, but I imagine in other south slavic countries it would Beiing pretty similliar, but east slavic would be probably a problem
But the UK has the same problem
without this, specially in the age of computers.
Prime minister said ok, but the president said he won't sign his resignation, even though he's obligated to - prolonging the matter for months, eventually settling on a different successor than the socialists wanted - again, even though the president had no basis for such actions
It's not like you can't get rid of it and people surely know it's a health hazard
We got one of the biggest beer cultures in the world
With winter time all year long it would be at 20:15
Slovakian, Polish, Russian and Ukranian (in that order)
Vietnamese people are part of our society for decades, they are usually known as hard working and pretty much everyone is in regular contact with them in their shops
We had news about in Czechia as well, the LGBT situation too
It's all about how much you take from it
You can do it guys
No that much, we mostly watch czech old fairytales and russian Mrazík.
Hedge Fund CEO : You want to understand Russia ?
We had this, when most of the population were speaking German
Iz drugoj strany, umětne języky sųt råbota jednogo ili vęče anonimnyh ili neanonimnyh avtorov
Some of our teachers were fervently religious and assumed we were, too, so they had as memorize lines from the Bible and tried to force their opinions on us (stuff like "Slayer denies God's creation and should be banned" - made me wear a Slayer t-shirt, even though I'm not a huge fan of theirs), but the good ones had interesting discussions with us
It may be "To beru" (literally I take that) which may be I accept this or also I can agree to that
The centre of the empire moved to the south to Danube basin, to Vienna.
Outside of that I'd probably use cash or mobile apps
Also the most common car you can see everywhere is 1st gen Škoda Octavia -
That is why even with better than average rain as we have had this year there is still a draught, all the rain just evaporates or runs to the rivers
You're absolutely wrong, nobody carries a weapon on themselves here and only few have a gun and gun license
My dad knows no English and my mother only understands the basics, yet neother of them wanted to hear that word
That is my personal problem with it
So, in my opinion, this wouldn't hold up in court
It is a specific city I guess, even different to other Czech cities in many ways
> So this is how the rest of you guys felt in June last year
is considered the real "hero" here in Czechia, often called "Father of the country". (Pater patriae)
Wait
It and Cesky Rozhlas are the two big mainstream media I trust the most, by a longshot.
Because now we have this stereotype of British people as a bunch of posh, classy folks.
A Chancellor is basically the German term for PM, AFAIK
The only leverage that the EU has is to allocate overall less money to cohesion in the next budget, but that would be punishing to all net receiving countries, not just Poland and Hungary.
The war taught us two things:
Szczecin right
Brno is the second city (or the first village as some snotty Praguers would probably say) with a bit of an inferiority complex towards the capital
šéfe - boss
Pretty useful and fun
If any of them are of unique artistic value or really iconic/popular with the locals, they can stay
Kinda wish we didn't spend around 2 or 3 years, twice a week, learning about medieval times and focused on the modern times instead
The smart owner already bought another ruin to move you into
Of course, Slovakia is not annexing Austrian territory; legally it remains Austria and Austrian laws and taxes apply
Asola IT
I know he tried it unsuccessfully previous years but I and my friend were the first ones who actually followed it through.
Battle of Austerlitz re-enacted
Yea Bavaria as well
> "Das mädchen essen die eier
I'm so proud of Romanians right now.
Not sure about that, but it certainly rings a bell
I am calling these people "idiots" because some of the most prominent ones are saying things like "we should get the hell out of the EU even if it means we'll be 30% poorer". Well, first, it would be like 70% poorer, and second, the guys saying this are millionaire businessmen/career politicians who certainly won't be the ones feeling the poverty
Got a moose head beer bottle opener still going strong after years of excessive use
I didn't use Google
In Czech it's Smrtonosná past (lethal trap) and people always confuse it with lethal weapon
It is nonsense to use Catholicism as a "national" religion or declaring a nation to be Catholic.
> our country is basically one big bowl/valley
Fair enough :D
Sorry, I'm not a linguist/etymology expert, so I can't tell you how it's possible that Slovak and Czech developed to be more similar than for example Czech and Polish.
Then you could try Bohemian-style absinth and see if it adds more flavor to it than to the Glühwein.
Very hard, no soft sounds
Politics is art of possible; the most dangerous people are radical idealists who prefere "ideals" to realistic compromises
I can Tell that the first two seasons Are great
Dutch herring is super-good
Edit: But I didn't want to argue about which city is better, bigger (there's no argument there, obviously) or less boring
Bolognese ragu should be with some wide pasta not spaghetti, at least italians says so and every serious recipe too.
It seems that while the EU is securing new trade deals left, right and centre, Britain will be left alone without any free trade agreements with anyone, and completely at the mercy of Brussels
Lot of the cities/areas with a good cycling infrastructure are flat, though
Not so much but I'd say it's comparable to duck.
In czech translation scoia'tael are "veverky".. guess translator did not miss this connection
Not really sure
Of course
The Czechs approve lol
That beer will be 5 CZK cheaper because of a new clusterfuck of a law about beer VAT
Nor has Germany ever shown any interest in helping out Italy with the migrants prior to 2015.
Huh
Not to be confused with the tv channel ran by Jaromír Soukup
\#DutchEastIndies
Central
[Please don't kill me it's catchy
This is difficult, but I tried my best (in brackets are reasons)
Kifli
I do that too
No, youd have to have it certified as a shooting range, it is possible, but not really worth it
>while watching some Hrebejk movie
Maybe 99% of electricity, but not energy
*To be fair though, China's constitution claims to protect human rights so
>Also, the EU hasn't gone fully one side on much, wtf you talking about
Which they could have gotten in its entirety had they simply stayed where they had been.
Here come dat boii
I yelled at her that this is Prague, not Paris
I second [Technical Museum] I loved it as a child
The oldest synagogue in Prague is called [Old New Synagogue]
Well yeah, it's pretty hard to find a more efficient alternative to Google, but as long as the thing I'm trying to find isn't overly "complicated", I try to use DDG
Your point
That's the exact opposite
(prototype of the future "Glory to the Heroes
We, Praguers, love our accent but everyone else hate it or at least make fun of it.
My friend from Norway is working there now and might visit him next month!
Well in that case, probably better to go clean shaven for now and come back in a couple years
Hey cousin, its me, Roman, lets go bowling!
Thanks
* poznávám: 1st person singular imperfective "to familiarize, to get acquainted with". Once again pro-drop reports in
This is not their problem to fix
We have word for it too
There goes my personal conspiracy - that communist regime did some really impressive stuff with education - while the system manage to raise well educated specialists it also manage to debilitate their ability to critically think and analyse written text
Sounds similar to Czech _obutí_ (~ shodding)
It's worth noting that a lot of people use QWERTY too, but QWERTZ is the "default" option
Economy was at the root of most of our disagreements during both periods of Czechoslovakia's existence, not just pure nationalist sentiments.
Don't make me laugh
Ok, ask yourself how many of the politicians accused of being fascist actually called for extremination of entire sections of the population.
They rank high in education, science, trade, equality and personal freedom.
We also call it *Česko* in non-formal way
Good Friday is pretty new
So I would take the time out instead of a fine every time
- random card games
Western states - we won't wait for you, we want further integration, Eastern states - it's too fast for us, we need time.
Přeju dobrou chuť.
The Sudetes look great as well
I used to dread Easter because of it
Ani Pinďa to už nežere
Famous cathedrals are definitely visited by many more tourists than actual churchgoers, that's true, but lots of the tourists also come there _because_ they're Catholics/Christians themselves
Water which is not salty
The companies are taking it away in the forms of dividents back to their home country.
True, there will be smugling, but most people will want to buy it legally
she seems to be somehow broken...
My personal is that the subway got stuck in the tunnel
But when you keep in mind it was invented by a Czech, the robots are basically meant to be slaves
Greece - Řecko,
I live in Karlovy Vary which is 60000 people large spa city and we have wild boars everywhere
Most places are in the historical center, some are in the wider center, but there is also a couple of places on the outskirts
Prague field trip
And I only know one person with a firearm at home and he didn't even buy it himself, only inherited it from his grandpa
If I had to park somewhere in a city, I would be way more annoyed about it
Stupid jokes about our bros in Slovakia, mostly based on movies like Hostel or Eurotrip
As with others, depends on a job.
Tollo IT
Craft weapons
* ~eigenland, the land proper — vlast
I think it means that price-performance ratio comes first, brand after that
Tokyo and Kyoto
One of my best friends is a guy
what
Let's say channels under 100k subs
Sweden isn't the case, hence they are still obligated to join, but they are not rushing things and it seems they won't join Euro and keep the current state of things.
Only because you are not a native.
-Michal Orsava (High quality shitposts)
It infiltrates even the most innocent sites and subs like r/pics or r/murderedbywords or r/whitepeopletwitter
people see them as schools for kids of rich parents, who are too incompetent to get a normal degree, so they "buy" one by paying the school in monthly payments.
Most people don't see it as a problem I guess but I had a classmate who studied gender studies and I learned things like this from her a lot and now it's just stuck in my head haha
It's not a story the Capitalists would tell you.
EDIT: above is the 'best' you could get in cities
Tbh, I'm not really sure what rugby is, so probably not a lot
Praha - everyone speaks super slow, rich
Typically school starts around 7
It just looks like a regular old panelák.
> On the same day - January 22, 1919 – in parallel with the battles in Volyn, the Unification Act of the Ukrainian lands was proclaimed in Kyiv
That would never work, there are so many differences between these 4 countries.
We have protests, but no riots.
Omg :D
But there is an option, you can rent a trashy room in building that is falling apart, for rent that costs like a fine apartment in fashionable area of city
"Don't threaten me with good time"
It the same with medical staff
The problem with missing is, you don't a have reliable way to differentiate between unidentified(both dead and wounded), lost, deserted and captured
P. S. With your English, I think a lot of employers would want another Belarusian
The Muslim minority in CZ is tiny, the Turkish minority in CZ is tiny.
And there's so much historical significance there - subjucation of multiple nations by the Turks, the attempts to dislodge them (ranging from almost-successful to holy-hell-how-did-you-survive-this), the slow struggle of the Austrians trying to recapture Hungary fortress by fortress, the legend of Eugene of Savoy and the Great Turkish War - you know what I'm shutting up, go google
why don't you make your own
something us president do every 15 years or so
We are on creeper status because you friendzoned us.
Czech republic's president would suck Putin's co*k, and yet we're still on the list
There were three defenestration in Prague
400 m² is not that big
Shooting as a sport and guns in generall are reasonably popular.
He gives the best presents anyway.
My old calc did this
The Sun (Slunce) is neuter and the Moon (Měsíc) is masculine
Je potěšení tě poznat
Most people I know commute to work and pick up groceries on their way back in the town they work in.
I think our political culture is improving, yet it's not like i.e.
Obviously is Luxembourgeoisie
Not sure if it's worth it though, you would utilize the AC only 2, maybe 3 months a year
Homer: hmmmmm
good luck
(the name of the powerplant is either Temelín or Dukovany, cant remember which one is it rn)
Definitely the expulsion of Germans from Czechoslovakia after WW2
Its almost 30 years old and as far as 80s-90s are concerned this is one of the best things in Prague from that era.
Then he sent letter to Soviet Union and USSR officials offered 700 planes and sent 330 000 men to Polish border as a threat for attacking us
On the other hand, there is a lot of ways you can get injured by a knife that doesnt involve violence
Slovakia, Germans, Soviet Russia, Austria and maybe France
Alas, there’s no better word encompassing all three regions of the country and Czech republic is a tad long
[Jara Cimrman, Ležící Spící]
also the topic probably means they're not going to buy a brand new cars which could lead into really interesting story with bringing stolen car back to Europe.
I'd say I am surprised how high Slovakia is, but I'm not really
This is an inside joke of /r/Polandball.
We make tons of cars and other vehicles
Russian, because it's kind of an international language in its own sense
Eastern European Germans were descendants of those invited by local monarchs during middle ages to boost population and economy in underpopulated territories, either by war or disease.
Getting it without asking would be a pleasant surprise.
You've outright told us what's in the link, it was even shown in the thumbnail and yet you managed to make us click on it
Gypsies are even often refered to as blacks
In one scene, he was standing in unfinished building, and he was saying that he will have a good view on Prague castle from his office
No, you are not missing that crap.
I've personally never met anyone who could pass for a native speaker and didn't live here since at least elementary school age
seriously I find Slovenia stupidly similar to Slovakia and Czech rep.
[Welcome in the Castle Hluboká nad Vltavou]
Chad cop
Maybe if we just stuck with Czechia since 1993 already, more people would notice the change
Exactly why we need a platform without a central authority where fake news will rein free
The people there speak the same language as my parents.
Assholes in Prague wants to build a statue to Vlasov party
Yeah but we are maybe gonna Czech Out
My high school had regular size lockers for everything
I live in Karlovy Vary which is 60000 people large spa city and we have wild boars everywhere
It's like "we have to be different and fuck common sense and logic".
Halušky are the shit
I send monthly donations to a nonprofit organization which lobbies alternative transport around Prague
We've only had internal colonization, between the 11th and 14th century
Much better, thanks
Germany / HRE
So I guess I prefer the "militant" types I guess.
There is a bunch of orthodox churches, but that's it
Wasting military lives trying to do some french bidding in Mali or whatever colony is not really useful for anyone other than France
Two lumberjacks have heard a raven going crazy, when they decided to investigate they found a dragon sleeping in a cave
Standard czech layout is seriously fucked, and even if it weren't I still need letters not present there from time to time
We won't get off the group stage anyway
* I didn't do **NOTHING** — The concord remains; you're just angry
Contrary to popular sentiments like "all non-STEM degrees are useless, enjoy flipping burgers lol", unemployment and poverty rates of people with secondary and vocational education are still much higher than anyone with a degree
You do not learn any world history before USA came to be
that does not bother me that is your German version
Or maybe just more concerned with hiding it Id say
It's shocking how similar the photos look to the ones we have in our family albums
Me too and I was really proud of myself because I don't know how but I won the campaign missions unlike my cousin
In sense of country it is vlast but direct translation is otčina
On the contrary red is used to indicate declines/deficits/negative values in the financial sector.
Should we mention the whole dick situation
Cirta National Museum
I think it's mostly a result of a cold-war-era type thinking (America is the opposite of Russia, and Russia is bad, so America must be good).
>USA has done 25M tests in total, which is around 77k tests/1M people
Usually I would use yellow for Czech, red for English, pink/orange for History and Art, brown or grey for PE, blue for Math, shades of green for Biology and Chemistry, and the rest was kinda random based on which colors I had on hand
Yeah, nice strawman you made out of me there, assholes
HA HA
It helps if the owner is a billionaire who is able to pay team of PR wizards and also he owns two big newspapers
I finished Control recently and it is awesome how it fits into the same universe as Alan Wake
Slovaks are our bros and we're kinda cool with all our neighbours, so Russia is the best pick, especially when it comes to sports
(Do you have a black man behind your butt
I remember being served this abomination in Austria
My flat is in a house built in '70.
holka modrooká nesedávej tam
We lost the republic to german nazis for 7 years of absolute terror because our allies france and britain betrayed us
Users should be allowed to upload and make available content generated by users for the specific purposes of quotation, criticism, review, caricature, parody or pastiche
Even if it was true, they had no way to help
Tři sta třicet tři stříbrných křepelek přeletělo přes tři sta třicet tři stříbrných střech
You have options in bigger cities, or people living close to borders shop in Germany.
A friend of mine told me that she forgot her phone in a bathroom in a club and when she came back looking for it about half an hour later, it was still there
Best was really in Czechia
Everytime I heard it, I just wanted an avalanche to come and bury us all under the snow, so that I would not have to listen to it anymore.
Houba = mushroom,fungus/sponge
Did anyone said Beer
Tallinn, the capital of Estonia where the guy you responded too is a wonderful city
Sure, I understand that
Eurostat seems to use outdated info
The last few times we got protected from ourselves didn't turn out so great.
It's ok mate
To make it a bit more clear, here are direct/literal translations:
French dinner at 9 or something), missing proper croissants or eclairs in Czechia, light-hearted stuff like that
I can’t decide between the liberation of Prague, February 1948, and 1968
And I said that France can do that if they so please since they have history there, but that other countries may have 0 things to do with Mali or other countries in Africa and may be reluctant to waste lives on it
>Cz
No, youd have to have it certified as a shooting range, it is possible, but not really worth it
Do you think they were angry and sad for losing
Read the article "Gun politics in the Czech Republic", before posting your apocalyptic prophecies.
*Afterwards*, Ariane 5 had that long string of successes, but that's not surprising since you have to work out the kinks first.
I guess it differs in each country, but at least here in Prague, there are quite a lot of non-EU expats, a lot of them teach English which can be done through a freelancer permit, which is easier to get than the normal working visa.
The only colour difference I can think of is that:
That's just done so modern audiences don't feel uncomfortable but it gives off a wrong image of 'normal'.
And what about Moravia and Silesia
It is a small boost for the exporters.
Maybe in border areas, but otherwise your chances would be fairly slim
I think here it's a big hit or miss
Yes really
If nothing above kills you, you die of amyloidosis some time after 100
Oh and he's still our prime minister, noone in this God forsaken country seems to care
Burning the witches on April 30th
They would probably stay in northern Bohemia, not go to Prague
I'm sorry but that's just laughable.
We've always got the V4 to unite us.
And many civilians too
Can you give an example of such a meme
You can criticize a lot of things about Babis, but being stupid is not one of them.
Besides learning new language is quite fun.
Jedině v AAAauto
You're right, but I'm quite opposite tho.
[People at the Wenceslas Square on 27 of October 1918]
I think at least you need to reach B1 to leave high school, but honestly I think lot of people barely reach that and even those who do usually never use it and quickly forget it
It was decided by few people in exile that Czechoslovakia would be a republic
There are very strict laws about that
In Prague, you can even find some plaques with names of fallen civilians, where they died
And I also prefer green olives over the black ones
The year 1968 is definitely described differently in Russia than in the rest of the eastern europe
I dont know man, I just go to some local roaster and buy whatever sounds good
We are really mixed, since we lived in one country
[Rear side]
Western Balkan is fractured and unstable.
Or Police "have to" means young police officers in civil clothing are going into bars knows by everyone is smoking there.
That was military, not police
> I see no reason for not bringing it back
* Vlk pln žbrnd zdrhl hrd z mlh Brd skrz vrch Smrk v čtvrť srn Krč.
Many poor muslims, often from conservative areas of their home countries, came as guest workers since 60s to the EU.
I really like that we don't have a pompous military "march" like most other countries
18 is on the low end of "room temperature", so probably not a good idea to leave them out if you don't have a chilly pantry or basement
how much does it cost for international student to study in europe?
PiSs on cancer I guess
Matka
I mean, its fine to be proud of something but you have to accept the bad things that might go with it, not ignore them or try to make them disappear
We celebrate it too in Czechia
Some of these "changes" sound pretty strange to me.
Disliked is IMHO a too strong word
I guess that's a question for the historians
Some Moravian and Silesian dialects keep i/í and y/ý distinct from each other
If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones
Our humour is one of the few reasons I’m proud to be Czech
All we knew about religion was what we've encountered in our normal daily lives, seeing churches everywhere , asking questions about them, etc.
I had never known I could fall in love with a city
People do not profit from the overall wealth of the society equally.
As a result of the Stalin-Tito split Yugoslavia was one of the founders of [the Non-Aligned Movement]
>tons of Swedes believe Sweden is the best country in the world and the Swedish way is the best, and they're not hesitant about pointing it out
Im not claiming otherwise, its just that trying that here would probably trigger a revolution
No, I don’t think so
You add Mélenchon (a huge Germanophobe) for France and it's like WWII all over again.
Constitutional court is in Brno, everything else is in Prague
totally agree about the negative connotation
I hope the camera was not damaged
How is banning immigrants from certain unstable countries religious persecution?
Cheers
Probably because a) you can't see shit at that depth and b) it's not a straight shaft to the bottom
If you're unemployed and not registered as seeking a job, you have to pay some minimal amount (I think around 80€) on your own
>  more desperate labour pool
And I'm pretty sure that it was in summer
It depends on what the deeper integration will mean.
Je vais te balayer à mort avec une précision des telles qui n'a jamais été observée sur cette Terre, souviens-toi bien de ça.
You will most likely live but there is a chance you catch salmonella
The national football was playing subpar for years.
I *sometimes* use at least 1 or 2 English words in a Czech sentence
[The current one (we also had it before WW2)]
That's what I meant by my previous comment
I've never climbed a mountain in flip-flops though
Also having to own clothing for all temperatures, both heating and AC/fans, etc
Multiple of them, not a single one is the same in one household
Not offending, you are actually right
According to this I look like Latvian jew
Didn't even know it was a sport until I saw it on the internet
I visited Pristina and Prizren and enjoyed both
we are very slow on policymaking in the area.
We're doing this kind of shit in many countries.
China was pissed and threatened entirity of my country, but when they tried to take away economical benefits from us, they discovered they could only cancel order on few hundred pianos
If tarrifs suddenly returned, this would collapse like a house of cards
Network providers are usually offering just full price or something like 5% off when you subscribe for most expensive plan
It was postwar propaganda, in line with the rest of anti-west communists focus
Even then, Trump is far more unpopular than Bush.
you dont have to go through all the stuff you mentioned when taking a train.
It's more of a philosophy or a way to live
Because Czechs *understand* Slovak, but can't *speak* it and definitely can't *write* it fluently, which is what I was hinting at
And onion
Wait, 40
Bleeding is very dangerous and its not that hard to cut a major blood vessel with a long slash
>UK's neighboring countries
Yeah, I feel like it's a conspiracy
There was even an idea, that many will return home.
Also its possible to transfer unused vacations to the next year, so this year i am able to use 37 vacation days
The road next to my grandparents was closed since WW2 till Schengen times
> stinky cheese
My second visit was two years ago, so I still remember the peaceful atmosphere inside
It would take ~120 days to watch the whole thing
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
I dig it
Italy: Sicily visit, staying there with relatives
As I said, I didn't even know that the UK was involved in the process.
> I do imagine a lot of Muslims are going to ignore all the nuance and rationale in this
So please don't defend Communism
Pure lard or oten it is mixed with pork rinds as a type of spread, and served with bread.
Russian ruling politics are very rational.
Before the WWII, the church was seen as enemy of the Republic by a lot of people
You did annex Zalozie without any issue when Hitler offered.
I have no clue why Wikipedia even refers to it as mountain.
I feel like our mentality is much more similar to Germans, we have over a thousand years of common history, we have a very similar beer culture xD
The pace with which Turkey turned into utter shit is quite shocking.
Moravskoslezký kraj — that one which is close to you
(probably WW2), from American, in Prague
I know I had RES literally blocking every mention of Trump during the height of the elections, but I guess I got rid of it eventually
you can fail to visit Estonia easily 5 more times
Do people really think it was not a great time for Slovakia as well
Apparently there has been a lawsuit about that in 2017
In this case invaders got assimilated
One stroke of a pen and they're not longer Dutch citizens...
Can't say the same for the others.
Also there is another view, that for material used (sawdust, shives, glue
Well done
\- and now newly Czechia
One Czech Journalist prove that out eight out of ten slices of bread fall to the grease sight
That would be a really great video game
Don't ever confess you are a Christian in a random Czech town/city (countryside is mostly OK in this regard).
Socialism is not communism
This was in international shipping as well, where a bit of basic geographical knowledge wouldnt go amiss
Maybe it's this entitled thinking
Ruling communist party scratched their heads because Soviet Union now wanted them to implement the same reforms they sent tanks to stop 17 year ago
> Closed
* if you invest too much into car infrastructure over public transport, walkability, bike infrastructure etc, you fuck over everyone who can't afford a car
"...je jiná, a každá věc..." - generally speaking, you shouldn't use comma before "a". There are some situation, when you should, but those are in minority so it is safer to not put a comma there
So potentially, it was to escape if there came to be an invasion by the enemy
The muslim population over here is tiny.
It was more progressive, than Christianity at the time and due to stagnation and rigit encapsulation, it failed to follow the needs of the society and it was the brake of the needed progression.
We put Czech republic as our shorthand name and said fuck it that will do, but our new politicians really wanted to help our branding by doing the great thing of adding another name to the list to add to the confusion, now you can call us any of these and are guaranteed to piss off someone
It's all about how much you take from it
I couldn't find a single positive thing about it.
Afaik, we don't bite into anything, instead we've got *"prdět do hlíny"* "to fart into the dirt".
Sestola IT
I wanted to add it to the top czech comment so I used ctrl+f
It infiltrates even the most innocent sites and subs like r/pics or r/murderedbywords or r/whitepeopletwitter
[Bilateral relations]
The prime minister said that this will result in beer being cheaper if the pubs are generous, but the real outcome is probably that everyone will just do it randomly, just like they did before and the accountants will have to deal with that shit
Googling didn’t really help, so I had to ask another (female) italian friend of mine
That said the dorms are nice and there's lots of them
It could be an urban legend, IDK
Go kiss his ass
Then there was the "toll gate controversy", revolving around the government singing very disadvantageous deals with the private company that was going to administer a new automated system of collecting highway tolls from trucks
Also, when I say "new" - I think people with "a new perspective" - some people could stay if they revoked their "wrong opinions" and accepted "new truth".
So I think dutch people also enjoy cannabis just  they don't want to admit it:D.
One or two quarters without growth is nothing.
First of, you can look up [patronymics] \- these occur in many European languages
Thanks to Macron and all the other ones who cried "islamophobia" when we (the V4) said migrants are bad
He actually used to be extremely smart and well educated man
Slow does not have to mean stupid, more like reconsidering everything in almost entish manner
It's just that the shortenings have trivialized these ancient beautiful names laden with symbolism, and it's difficult to translate this effect across a language barrier, so I have used a strong tool to break through :)
I would prefer to call it /r/Czechia but one can't have everything (the subreddit with this name exists but it's unnecessary since /r/czech is already established and the other is dead anyway).
Why
Phew, thanks for clearing that out.
, Havsburgs, Austria Hungary, neighbouring nation
Then there is the president, and Hamáchad and lately České dráhy (about the train crashes)
Referendum should be implemented when it concerns everybody, and not in a way that majority is going vote about the rights of minority.
These places seem like an absolute steal
do you live in Poland or why are you speaking up
NET] (sorry for the link, but that is the official name of the party) - Vote for the Right Block - party for REVOCABILITY of politicians, REFERENDUMS and DIRECT democracy (link to their website)
The sales tax not on price tags
England: Evening on old hillforts near Scottish border
countries that joined NATO after 89).
Жыве Беларусь! Stay strong, brothers
I, your czech neighbour, can absolutely say that I love the Tatras
I've been to Brno many times as I live pretty close but I've never heard of this
Re-clicked, got Israel, first paragraph is clear
Even low hanging fruit count
Also, I've never received a single parcel from them at our house, they always just leave a card saying nobody was home and that I have to come pick it up
I was showing around a friend from Japan recently and haven't been to the center myself, since like high school and I was flabbergasted
Halifax explosion is not that unknown, because of its scale you will surely find it in any "sensationalist educational" material, you know what I mean, "the biggest catastrophes", "the unwanted records", like this
It's good idea fo US
So simple, cheap yet so efficient
That was Glagolitic, not Cyrillic
In my country nobody gives a fuck
But I wanna
I like that if I want to ride a kangaroo it's just few hours away.
After that some of our politicians said that she could be a good choice for us.
Then we put them on the balcony to save space in the fridge
Afaik he lost his job for critique of the ocupation in 1970, which was time that did actually matter
a free-trade deal with Japan will be reached
-Kery (Comedy)
If you're gonna have a federation that only holds together until the first major crisis, then it's pointless
I never stopped reading English books, now I don't know which language was which book
I suspect this might be a Europe-wide thing, as in like 99% of cases when this happens the offenders are either drunk or American tourists.
[Mushroom picking
It’s wasn’t common name tho
Yes, due to Josef II action, the most spoken language there was German
We often forget, what we have achieved in Europe since the WWII.
I’m not sure if it’s just local or if other countries have it as well, but we have this “last ringing” tradition
You showed yourself as pretty strong anti-immigrant, follow local rules personalities in last events but majority of your emigrants are just ignorant dumbfucks not able to learn easiest language for you.
If I recall correctly he also caused his employer to go bankrupt because the damage(cca 8 mil €) was way higher than the insurance limit
The best speed at my location over cable is bumbumbum 6Mbit/s... I live about 20-30km from Prague
while being [larger] than whole central Europe
I took a bike ride from Liberec to the Baltic sea following the German-Polish border, or more like the Oder and Nisa rivers
The only difference is that nowadays there is one handle for everything; 30 years ago the windows had a handle for opening and a lever in the bottom corner to switch between horizontal/vertical
> No questions asked *from the employee*, asking why I need a shotgun
I could probably tell if someone is british but I might mistake for example germans for americans if they're really good
Germans-skopčáci
We would then need to use white fonts on the US map
Hurry up guys or you'll miss your chance
But software engineering is not about programming in the position of a code monkey.
Maybe you can overthrow him like we overthrew the commies
That's new freedom of speech
Despite Catholicism is a prevalent denomination in Czechia, we are rather re-catholicised Protestants than Catholics and most of us don't identify with any church anyway so I don't think it would be a thing.
His sentences often make no sense
My parents, my teachers, and basically everyone above 30 lived under a communist regime, and they described what was intrinsic to communism
* Entrance and exit are allowed through any doors
Not that much methinks
5 is allowed in special cases, but rare
I hate when people conflate faith and church (usually Catholic) dogmatism
Leave the refugee convention then.
I personally don't mind it, but I found out that even people who know little to no English don't like it
It might stop shit services like ulozto,hellshare and others
But I was carded during any subsequent order from same girl!
And German population is some 82 milion people
Scottish Gaelic
There is also the famous interview with our minister of finances Alena Schillerová, who couldn't even understand a simple question:
even though now it's kinda fashionable to give your kids rarely used names to make them more "unique"
And it is happening whole academic year
I did my exchange in Germany, but never had any local friends
and only then maybe as European to a small degree
How difficult was it in the 90s to speak with locals in German/English
>A few weeks back, an emu escaped its breeder in Brno (the second-largest city in Czechia), the emu was on the run (in a fucking city) for 10 days before it was caught
Do you have computers
We're just the big guy in the group.
Even if Czech wasn't required, why would Greeks or Spaniards move here when they can go to Germany instead where the salaries are higher and the unemployment is only slightly higher?
Yeah, but I meant if you like the names or not, or if you would change their name (in your native language and English too)
UDI is illegal according to the Spanish constitution
I don't see the Czech Republic topping a lot of charts either.
Happy birthday Poland
[^(Czech Wikipedia)]
> I don't know which thread you mean
I personally feel much closer to Austrians than Serbs.
Wait you guys are fully independent
On any larger level of similarity than any other country in the region
Heydrich called us "laughing beasts".
We're earlier gen Z, and my schoolmates get wasted weekly
It was done by Chechens
Shh, that's the planned sequel
Haha, you guys are in for a surprise
/r/trebuchetmemes
You basically interact with a smile or a chitchat only with people you know or you need something from what's not their regular job (like asking a person on a street for directions is on a good situation to smile, buying things in a supermarket not).
This gives "watching football from your own livingroom" a whole new context
Pretending porn doesn't exist and stop & search gonna save the UK fam
The war taught us two things:
They returned to church because of that.
Rieti IT
I am no expert on Balkan politics, though, so I don't know, if that's true
But in other things, we're indeed a conservative society (in European standards)
Řezno = Regensburg
Or so I heard
Article 1
Ok in terms of democracy
During this time, teachers would pull me out of classes to practise with me, which was frankly pointless even as a revision, and I missed on Math, Physics, Chemistry, and Biology (those I did need, hahah)
bilo je bice
At the end of the day it's a drug and should be treated as such
Noobs
And if it's information given to all public to find by simply putting your name into regular browser, it's not really private, everyone can see it
What else it could be
Search in Polish is Fuck in Czech
And onion
In general, you mean
This is just blatantly incorrect
not really
From your tulips to God's ears
Complex topic which I would like my country to stay the f away from
1) I despise hypocritical self-righteous *regressive left*
And because of that particular thought is creeping around
15 min walk
leden, únor, březen, duben, květen, červen, červenec, srpen, září, říjen, listopad, prosinec
We mostly use bricks and mortar, not stones
It was super fucking weird seeing all those Czechs being asspained about the "change", the most bizzare pearl-clutching I have seen, especially since in Czech we use the shortened Česko as much as Česká republika
Logic and facts are being buried deeper and deeper
Everything else is just pattern
Prague's official mottos had been the "head of the kingdom" and the "mother of cities", which gives you the idea of how self-important Praguers are
What's more badass than completely blind king of Bohemia charging on his horse against enemies in first line with two long swords tied to his hands
So I provided basic statistics for non-performing private loans, broken down by country.
Koblihu
>bake some koláče
It's kinda hard to describe it
He nearly threw up on our Crown Jewels, on the TV
With stop on average every two to three minutes, it makes bus 25% slower
Hannover, there was just nothing to do
There is literally a notable difference between how your body deals with alcohol consumption when you’re 16 and when you’re 21
Just change _tube_ to _pak_ in an youtube URL
I had just a few days
I'd assume it being a foreign word is an argument for a feminine noun, since -a is sort of an "international" feminine ending
I don't think most people are really salty about history anymore, but the Soviet occupation of 1968 is still a living memory for some
My girlfriend's uncle had about half a dozen shell casings from a PaK 38 - anti tank cannon he was using as candle holders, he gave me a couple before he died
sorry Parisians, but Paris is the capital city of disenchantment.
Well, the wine rednecks would live in the town of coal rednecks and vice versa
Did something change
No matter how well you speak English
Afwully underwhelming when compared to other German cities
Sounded like a modern version of the political processes
Not answering question
That's when Czechia plays against Russia
Ironically, the only time I had bad reaction to my Spanish was in Barcelona, where an old fellow demanded me to speak Catalan
Which was really expectable, but the Lockdown crowd just ignored the warnings
Always better to be armed than not.
I like this
The exchange rate and fees are terrible
Brno
In CZE:
If you're self employed you either pay the minimum amount of your income is lower than some threshold or based on your income if it's more (the minimum is slightly bigger than for the unemployed, around 100€)
Right
yikes
I'm the youngest sibling and youngest of all my cousins, so the most common game was "Ignore the little boy" where they were doing their own stuff and running away from me
I mean they are basically just northern Hungary
And for journalism, Martin Řezníček, no discussion
Austria, it's like us but better
If so, do they generally know that we are in terms of ethnicity, language and culture closest to Persians?
I wasn't sold on Scottish Independence being the best idea back then, but now I kinda can't blame the Scots if they decide to say "Well screw you too, then"
Hungary was never part of the USSR
It is necessary to concentrate expertise, experience, research and production capacity like France did it .
Insomnia
Hey, this reminds me of something
Just look at this [grap] which shows the GINI index in EU countries, which is most widely used for measuring income inequality.
Omg your user flair XD
Similar here in czech republic.
it's like if you said huh but without the uh, or like a minecraft villager noise but shorter
Has a long tradition, hopefully it won't start another 30 year conflict in Europe
Most of us still believe it was a good deed after all
Yeah, forgot that
There was a lot of foreign movies and tv shows filmed in Czech republic, but i don't think film tourism is a big thing here.
Yeah, those are rookie numbers
Everyone knows Reis was the first one
socialism ftw
That only limits functional cells, not those that replace them
Let the free market sort it out.
In a aquapark here, there is a Russian Sauna World, is it just a tourist ploy
What a terrible society we have, golden medieval times.
We need the US to deter Russia.
he has a thick skin, I have to say
Why do we need regulations for that kind of useless stuff
yes, I am surprise you don't have any deli counters in supermarkets at all
as a czech citizen the czech one czechs out
oh yeah, the hockey championship frenzy is definately bigger.
But maybe it's because of the language
all over Europe was apparently exaggerated
So for example CZ has a great biological warfare regimens, good specialists and some decent techs, but we have comparatively very small raw manpower and infrastructure
Canada is ok, Mexico will have gang wars for years to come, US has a lot of problems inside that they will not be safer.
*Mám to na salámu
I am more a cat person, but certainly can enjoy raw steak tartare or something similar
People also scan them and upload online.
Literally one google search away
School Principal Didn't Like the Depiction of Crimes Committed by Country’s World War II pro-Nazi regime.
Most of the times
Access to health system and fast track to permanent residency
I mean, it might damage your relationship with that person, so for you personally it is generally wiser to not talk about it
Not being Austrian, I'm still fine with calling it Austria
A lot of people here just think it sounds bad in English as opposed to Czech
See honest guide for more info if visiting Czech
That description fits us as well.
No, its pretty much slang
We also point Slovaks as Hungarians if we want to sound rude
Coincidence or inspiration by [Cuno Amiet's Schneelandschaft (1904)]
red notebook - lined paper
He already brought thousands jobs back and he isn't even inaugurated yet.
panický (paňický from panic vs panycký from panika) nebo proudit (pro-udit (about meat) vs prou-dit (about a river)) are one of the homographs in Czech
Nope, I think that you're mislead.
Cool, thx for letting us know
Also expensive to visit
I think the cartoon is at least one year old
We also have military police, but it has entirely different meaning
(70) The steps taken by online content-sharing service providers in cooperation with rightholders should be without prejudice to the application of exceptions or limitations to copyright, including, in particular, those which guarantee the freedom of expression of users
I guess almost whole central Europe thinks that suprisingly
There's the Black tower, dominant of the city with nice view
Unfortunately, I have broken a bone in my life already, but I try not to say that on /r/Neverbrokeabone so I don't get banned
Slovakia - learn the fucking language, due to almost no difference it can't be longer than weekend course.
**Slovak:** Basically everything
Most Germans freak out when you tell them people even carry guns here
One badly planned transition to Universal Basic Income and all cards will be reshuffled again.
by quick google it is episode 12 from season 3  but I don't remember anything from that so I am going to watch it again now
Just few individuals like you feel personally attacked anytime something unfavorable from history of his nation is said
after successful flight over the Burmuda triangle
20 prepaid SIM cards and they all are unregistered and anonymous.
Turkey: never sold whole, but parts are available in bigger supermarkets
It's mostly business, and banks are under no obligation to finance anyone and, as far as we know, this bank in particular is right to claim the moneys they are owed.
Sure, Elizabeth II=Alžběta II
we need to grow faster, if we want to ever get close to Germany
Lol and we were scared somebody will call the cops
If that photo included Charles Bridge, I would agree 100%
Only 2 Czech members vote for: **Šojdrová** and **Svoboda**. I'm kinda proud the rest voted against or abstained from voting
Honestly all follicles grow at a different pace
Peníze
Yeah, I think they were all removed because he wasnt exactly loved back then, for a good reason
Religion
Its archaic meaning (in Czech) is also tidying or going around the house
EDIT: Fixed the year
I'm looking for a good American pizza
Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Czechia, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Moldova all have some cheeses worth tasting
I'm not saying you're the bad guys, far from it
Fuck Russian occupants
Honestly, terrorism isn't the biggest issue.
(read it as: if there wasn't patent protection issues with HEVC algorithms)
Beer is the cause, beer is the solution, we are saying it all the time
In Czech - Štětín, Bydhošť.
Arabic
In the way that they saw all the details but were unable to identify the general idea
"To je mi platné jak mrtvému zimník" = "That is useful (lit
For example: Bohemian wars and 30-year war
Easy winter has to be the reason
And even if they did remember some Russian from school, I doubt that they would do that
It's not working great for us since the introduction of direct presidential elections
Hahaha I agree that Kofola is an acquired taste
You have started it
Germany- oh fuck
Even for 45° this would be true since we're living on the geoid.
It doesn't get simpler using czech, Lithuania is Litva and Latvia is Lotyšsko
I'd say that the First Republic is far more often used as the "goold old days".
Yeah
Western Europeans nowadays have serious issues with terrorism and radicalization of muslim youth in their countries and some see the US as partly responsible for this, because of the Iraq war which lead to the destabilization of Iraq and the rise of ISIS and also indirectly worsened the migrant crisis that Europe now has to deal with.
I'm not sure how unique it is to our langue, but we can make entire words with no vowels
Why to change something that works?
Because the regime had to approve every piece of art (music, movies, books), the dominant genre was pop - not many heavy themes, sometimes just songs from west translated to czech
I know one person who is truly bilingual in Czech and Slovak with native accents, but he spent his youth moving back and forth (preschool in one country, elementary school in the other, etc
Yeah, big surprise
No Southern Czechia or Western Hungary
In what situation
complaint and redress mechanisms allowing users to complain about the steps taken with regard
The urban lanscape of Paris
It's always funny to see just how butthurt nationalists can be over their tiny piece of the pond.
Why don't you link this  ?
with a huge lead
If you wanted to have "amateur garage" music band, you had to get permission from ideological commission
- jenž žádá o volební podporu VŠECHNY ČESKÉ OBČANY a daňové poplatníky, kteří chtějí změnit dnešní kriminální poměry, jejichž jsme všichni obětí, v jejich pravý opak
Many Hungarians were expelled as well, it's just not remembered much
Yes, I usually install everything in English.
If you are in a buffet then it’s probably smažák (fried cheese) served with fries and tartar sauce
We paint the floor in Union Jack colours after taking a header from one of your balconies
Israel because of a traditional friendship between our nations and Vietnam because of good relations with a significant Vietnamese diaspora here.
That's quite ironic coming from a communist dictator lmao
Contactless debit card is much faster most of the times.
Currently the most powerful army in the world, although it's only seems brutally effective when it's deployed in the sort of "get there, get rid of the enemy, get out" mission.
)**tires** are awful there
Make sure you watch [this movie] before you go.
I think middle America and the moderates saw that and switched over to Trump.
I dont want to discredit any inventor, but most modern inventions is not a job of a single person but rather improving, combining and expanding already known knowledge simultaneously
The Prague Castle
I'm 99.99% sure that you can get free refills in Ikea.
And most of them are former military guns too
I am pretty built and I still use tour guides when I can.
That sounds like something I'd be very uncomfortable with
So Czech keyboard has two variants - the common one qwertz and programmer one qwerty
this is sadly true, when you mention you will travel across Romania a lot of people will start making fun of how they will rob and kill you or something similar, same people will travel Egypt and don't think twice about safety
Also, lot of people want to move there
It is good to know the names of the other characters also
I also sometimes catch myself thinking in English, which is pretty weird
Agree to what we think is a shitty plan just so that we can say "HA, WE TOLD YOU SO!" later on?
What does he say
Some countries, Czech Republic included, have discounted fares for students and the elderly
00000001% chance I could ever get to have
what's up with all the "HEEEY HOW YOU DOIN'?" without people actually expecting answer
We learned about them in quite a lot of detail grammar school (high school).
I think it's an extreme even for en European
*Odejít po anglicku* (leave in English way) - leave without saying goodbye
In Czech it's sometimes 'soráč' (*so-raach*)
"Byl pozdní večer – první máj –
I agree with everyone here that it doesn't really make much sense for Europeans to take this test, but I did it anyway.
I feel like whenever I talked to an Irish, they understand us much more than any other Western Europeans
Without Czech you can survive in Prague and probably also Brno, but don't expect a lot of enthusiasm from the locals.
Actually yes :D
He needed a name for them and his brother delivered
Pretty much the same, except school usually started at 8:00, except for some special classes, and some years we had “lesson 0” which started at 7:10
If infrastructure would have been built, what takes 4 hours to Berlin and Vienna, could be easily managed in 2 hours.
New HDI report was realeased today
Damn that’s right
I wish nationalism was about becoming more powerful in the global sense, not just about upholding useless local traditions...
(Hence why SpaceX is creating its satellite constellation - they need high number of launches to make the whole system profitable, otherwise it makes no sense).
These are mainly former and existing military areas where  almost no one lives, some small parts of nature parks and some border areas where population was moved away after ww2
Eh I guess it depends, you said you were in Falun and it's not surprising that in such a small city and in common housing the Erasmus people stick together more, sometimes literally.
o - about
Roam freely in towns
Not again
(and have some beer and booze because it is in Prague after all
I don't actually believe it will happen anymore
Except for the hungarian language.
So proud to be Czech
Not officially, but Russia was involved, including anti-air, air and naval support
lul
I'll keep calling us by the longer name
The Russian thing was a bit of a backstab
It's only Poland's current retarded government which is willing to put their own internal disputes before Poland's national interest.
AFAIK the stance on privacy in Slovakia is that as long as it can be observed from a publicly accessible location, then it is not protected by privacy law.
Yes, but only because I've been C2 since 16 and spent a lot of time polishing my accent, so my ears are tuned to it well
I've tried Facebook groups, but didn't have much luck there.
Omg :D
What does that have to do with anything?
That's a lot
But I'm not quite sure what we have
In baby steps
It's mostly because Slovakia had it's own independent legislation for postwar retribution, so all that happened in nowadays Czechia between 1945 and 1948 cannot be applied there
Nobody never should not consider nothing to be definitive
Ginger is becoming quite popular, but I don't think it's used in the traditional cuisine.
There is no chance it would be cheaper than rice from Thailand or Vietnam who exports large amount of expensive rice to Japan already.
The latest sunset here in late June is around 21:15 already with summer time
The don't-know is put together because in my language, it's only one word - nevědět - ne means no; vědět means to know
And yet we are twice as bad as the US
Oh, that's it
Or do you think that when a political issue that has a middle ground, it's best to go fully with one side
But I'm so glad he did because it was a very unique experience
Name polka is not related to Poland.
We have the biggest beer consumption in the world (143 liters per capita)
Sometimes I feel like the Czech word I want to describe something with is lacking in context whereas there is an English word that fits perfectly
Of course anything is better than gifs these days, but BPG is a really nice format.
Masaryk University in Brno is also option plus lot of IT releated jobs there...
We remove a statue of a man of a foreign military, and they desecrate our soldiers
> Don't you hate Youtube auto title & description translations to your local language
Yeah, they are less understandable instinctively, but like with all Slavic languages, I think it's a matter of getting used to it
Vždyť sám moc dobře víš že to zní hodně podobné
They said couple of sentences in Czech about talking the photo before turning to us and asking us in English if we don't mind them joining us
> Bicycle plan
All videos with auto subs have them are off by default for me and I can switch them on and off as I please
I unsubscribed from virtually all default subreddits
Not all, but in my experience this generally applies
Nobody knows why it happens or how to prevent it
I was just 6 years old, but I remember my father watching TV and shouting: "Come here, look at this!" My reactions were something like: "How did this happen?
don't leave us hanging, we gotta know!
), they use the metric system for numbering the US quantities
Here and there some words are guesswork, but overall the number of unknown words is small
It really leaves a lot of options for growth
Hmmm
I get that muslims are not very popular in here, but the asian community here is pretty big and pretty much liked by everyone except a few bitter old ppl and outright nazis
At the time when people like Einstein, Mann or Feuchtwanger were leaving Germany, he went in
Also we did hold night watch where you could be tested in your vigilance
Not
Read on Masaryk's opinions on the church
Actually, it looks like the EU (as a whole) has significantly less inequality that the US.
Or technically you probably could but if you tried to use it for self-defence you might lose your licence (but it should technically not have any effect on the self-defence case)
Maybe her father had already some unclean thoughts about her.
Conquered the land, and won the western main,
Disclaimer: I don't speak either
from my atheist perspective pledge under god sounds for me same funny, silly and stupid as pledge under *enter your favorite Disney character* I can't imagine I would be forced to say this without any consequences
Well let's see
It depends on the person
and to gas millions of civilians is legal under the international law?
Of course guy named Mussolini voted Yes
The human lose in Eastern Europe and Russia was the biggest in human history in such short period of time.
But my german is very bad *shrugs*
It is highly regarded and most students will learn at least the first stanza
On top of that, he was obssessed with [insane] geometrical patterns and symmetries so all his buildings are filled with them
Boi you don't have to blame the entire right wing
In 1968, the communism here was fading with many freedoms regained, which Soviet didn't take kindly
I know plenty foreigners living here for years not even close to this level
and that's highschool, you have this also during elementary school
But that would be material for a book
Fuck nazis but like fuck stalin too
Why
Vů kérz
Thi is not a "local crime" this is pretty hot whole-European problem!
Martyrs Memorial and Mujahid Museum
ř, rž, žr all sound different to our ears)
But seriously, its been getting better, 90s were pretty damn wild though
Yummy
Unless something is done, we might start losing members
* propeller
It's insane
Yes, and they haven't reformed.
Yeah, if it only was that easy.
We have the same toasts here, but we make them in "toasters" which are not toasters but rather have the appearance of a small contact grill (contact as in the toast touches the iron grille of the toaster on both sides), the regular toasters we call "topinkovače" but translates as toaster to english, so I guess I can't really explain a czech toaster without showing you a picture (which I can't, because all search results for toaster show
This is not far off the reality
Or Serbia or Lithuania
Only during hot summer for eggs
Russians (just like any other person) are great, if you avoid certain topics
This referred to Gypsy "because Romani people were thought to come from Bohemia, or because they perhaps entered the West through Bohemia".*
It does, technically
Kinda feel like one country splitting into two is more of a "self destruct" moment than two countries merging into one, but hey ho
It's been the same fucking thing over and over the last two years.
Cz is thankfully safe from emigration we gain more than we lose only problem is brain drain.
seriously, it's gonna be like this here in few months :/
Kdy byste dostali 2 naprosto stejné krabičky, jednu z NDR a jednu z USA, kterou byste si vybraly
Yeah, sorry, Famas isn't going to happen.
How much of real manufacturing is still left in UK
Ida, Hermína, Apolena for females
Am I seeing _píča_ symbols formed with flower pots in the right bottom corner of the second picture?
To jsem si neuvědomil :D to je podstatně horší.
Pilsen: pils Pilsner Urquell
I know a lot of russians who live in Czech Republic, that have no problems
But guess what, allowing law-abiding citizens to own guns doesn't make guns easier to get for criminals or terrorists
Exactly
Cry more
I think that had we actually ignored Těšínsko for a while and allied with them instead we could definitely have a chance
- Like we all without specification or we if there's at least one man or only we men and it's clear from the text
I skimmed through it and I don’t feel it’s that bad
i - and also
I had complete no issues during winter even going before plowing because I stayed whole winter in one local abandoned shithole (for skiing) in my mid 90ies BMW which had If I remember correctly 51% on rear axle...yes with old Lada or something like this you need to fill the trunk with some ballast first.
Beer I know its not food but best beers came from Europe and you can drink it with a lot of classic European food
Vitus Cathedral in Prague - a part of the Prague Castle
It will be challenged, I have no doubt about it
Czech newspapers even do not try to hide their hatred toward the president
But considering they are like our brothers and it's closer to Bratislava than to Prague for me, I am surprised it's only been twice.
Am I only one who like REALLY doesn't like this
The sun was shining while it was raining from a giant grey cloud
Huge ants vs Crystal skull
[yup]
Ordinary Russians don't even realise, that they are taken advantage of by their corrupted elites.
If it wasn't specified with European, I would have quite a list, now I have to think, but I can't really think of any city without something to offer
No, we don't.
Praha (Prague) and Brno, our two largest cities always fight who is better and rest of the country is on one of the sides or doesn’t give a fuck about it, and as someone from Czech part of Czech Republic we always make fun of Brno and in Moravia it’s the other way around
I know its a bad mindset, but until your politics stabilize somewhat, i dont see that changing any time soon
Even after seeing the truth
This German policy endangers whole Europe.
In Karlovy Vary (North), it didn't snow at all, only frozen dew in the morning
The Russian man, Vladimir Poopin
Exactly it celebrates beauty of our nature
It's not hate, they are shocked by the election.
Edit: But yeah, if finding the bottom was of a really significant scientific importance, like if we knew there's answer to the life, the universe and everything hidden at the bottom, we sure would have already found it
We asked for special treatment regarding the EU gun ban, we were ignored, instead they gave a special exception that can only apply to Switzerland because my country hasnt even existed for 50 years
Belarus is a buffer state for Russia
It's both comedy and deama so there's everything in it.
While I agree with most of what you said, I think you are thinking of western Europe
You know what's better than two
Perhaps I'm giving too much importance to the similarity of our languages and parts of our culture.
hairy dumplings, made with grated potatoes)
Alternative facts
Pretty sure all my Amazon packages were delivered by PPL or PDP or someone like that
We take antibiotics for granted, but we don't have really any substitution at the moment.
It is costume of THE castle ghost and look at hat
Smart people, but the teachers were just awful
But you can't possibly blame any of these 20th century events on Masaryk
It's not working great for us since the introduction of direct presidential elections
"The Czech Republic
/r/The_LakeBled
depends on what region
This was a system so evil that a young student burnt himself alive in the capital city
[Ben Cristovao] is a famous singer here, [Yemi AD] worked for Kanye, [Dominik Feri] is a young politician etc.
I don't know
If the British didn't take over half the globe, someone else would do it instead.
You should go and visit once the pandemic is gone
Orthography is pretty simple though
Of course, I forgot to mention that, but people do make that difference
I should do something about that
Yeah
That's quite ironic coming from a communist dictator lmao
Jóžin z bážin
Been in Croatia, depends on which beach you're going to, usually the big beaches noone is but swim a few meters farther and basically every single one
* I didn't do _n o t h i n g_ — The concord breaks; you're a cheeky bastard
You invaded Poland
This shit kinda replaced the door-to-door salesmen my grandparents were buying vacuum cleaners from in the 90s. I feel like some people just never learn
I think
(google 'Visegrad group immigrants' for example) We don't have any mutual interests with Hungary.
We know for certain, that it's not going to be in the UK.
It's quite expansive but the quality varies **drastically** between topics
to je dost Dědku, žes nás zase jednou vyvez
In German it's called "Lokalbahn", but in Slovak it's "električka", ie "tram".
100% For new buildings these days
I'm not a local either, just really enjoyed the city when I was there around July iirc
implying you dont import nuclear energy from Czechia
What would your definition of Eastern Europe be?
Did it work
Prague is apparently a mountainhome
I took first classes in kindergarten when I was 5
In times when Horst Fuchs was the star
* Russia good
They are using (copyrighted) image to parody something else
I am always able to tell if someone's czech within 10 seconds of hearing them speak english, no matter how good they are
Unemployment rates in EU, ocotober 2016
This is very common especially in tourist destinations
We know
Do you
What the fuck
Every year I read or hear how it will be abolished "soon" and yet
The thing is, people were always a bunch of really stupid ignorant fucks
I wanted to add it to the top czech comment so I used ctrl+f
Is it actually used anywhere or is it artificially created to be the longest word without a vowel
I often think about the interaction between certain nationals on the opposite ends of the "temperament" spectrum.
Slovakia or Russia (before 1917)
Even German seemed more common than Czech, actually
In Germany you only have lights on during night /dark
What a surprise, it is a Skoda.
My colleagues from germany is saying that almost from 9am to 2pm
Historically already was the catholic capital a few times during the Hussite wars, and was the second royal town in the kingdom anyway
No surprise
Suomhihihi
Edit: I forgot Ó and Á as interjecton (surprise, aha moment, wonder or scream), it's counted among word class too
If you won't come up with a better idea, I think a bottle of a finer maple syrup could make a decent present.
I mean they are definitely racist people in the Czech Republic, but (at least I thought) they're not racist towards blacks.
It's like saying it's better to cook spaghetti for 30 minutes rather than 2 minutes.
Almost no gas station network on highways is also a thing for germans.
Im a teacher so I cant just be more productive and use that time to chill, I need to do my job
We don't speak african here
ATM fees and the DCC scam
Čeština is feminine, so you should say "čeština je jiná" (not jiný)
Mining is a huge industry in northern Scandinavia.
I look at you like I look at Philippines and their leader mr.
You are incredibly narrow minded.
So when they did become satellited by Germany, many viewed it as a win, considering catholics got into power, and you know, the first independent state kinda drives people
French, because omelette du fromage
Europe (barring France and the UK) mostly has no commitments outside its own borders.
Interesting, "černoch" is OK here
It's a thing in pretty much every country where people are allowed to protest
Another one:
I tend to be careful and slow on those roads, but I usually am more careful than the average joe here
There were indeed reactions like this for example in fb comments under news articles.
Although I am probably going to have the same issue anywhere
A little better was in US
Except for my husband's sister, who had a kid few months before our wedding
- There's the perception that the EU has grown into this huge beaurocracy that issues pointless, and Byzantine, regulations for no other apparent reason than keeping those bureaucrats busy; the fact that many of those regulations often seem to disregard local customs for the sake of uniformity, doesn't help either.
As a Czech I would agree with the first video.
Home grown to get rid of dirt and stor bought to get rid of whatever they sprayed it to keep it looking fresh.
* Karel Hynek Mácha
He executed and cut off ears of soldiers, and gets shown on national television like he is a hero.
Yeah, you're right, defenestration was in 1618
Stunning and brave
Most cities in Sudetland, like Ústí nad Labem, Nový borl, or Jablonec nad Nisou have a kind of run-down feel about them
I'm sorry to say so, but it looks like it
I was the same
Especially with 1500 engine as Skoda didn’t produce these
And the neighbouring city is in the dynasty name of our only elected, non dynastic, hussite king (often visible in the dynasty map mode of EU4)
It somewhat reminds me of 1984 by G. Orwell
Wait a minute
Like what on earth would you do with the
Charles IV, the holy roman emperor
Tree in your ass
There is nothing like that, everything is up to personal taste.
It's not hard to compare ourselves to ex-commie states, cos we almost always win.
Only restaurants, bars, schools and cultural events are closed
It’s ony Netflix btw
Have you attended the 2019 Intercamp in De Steeg
only if he become the first martian overlord
Romans were very good at assimilating
no, you make me curious, is there dickbutt or something rewarding at the end?
stupid lol
how it looked in the 19th century, it's from a website of a project that was restoring the facade
Here, almost all restaurants stayed open and switched to offering delivery, maybe there would have been a lot more chaos in the last 2 months if that had been forbidden
German, since it's a pretty useful language, same with Spanish and as a third choice I'd choose Japanese because why not
Ahh yes the "costumers", a dress up party is always nice
America has GOPniks, too
And then there's like 5 other supermarkets near my office, if I ever feel like trying something different.
> A normal republic with a good legal system, no corruption and people making a descent income
Máj is something I can appreciate now  for the language, but having this as a study material
You can have extra private insurance with the basic one (for example for dental medicine, which is not covered very well by the basic one), but it is not that common and very rarely provided by employers
The fact he could be described as, what I would describe as very tanned, made the sight ever weirder
Yes
Here in Czechia it’s one of the better one, while when I was in England everybody made jokes about how bad it is
The only time I saw that, I think, was after the terrorist attacks in France and now that I think about it more, it may have actually been the army
I love living here
If you have a full-time job and live at your parents, they would likely want you to pay at least your part of expenses
Next time I would recommend to switch the Wikipedia page of the given term into English
I remember seeing a documentary about Romanian orphanages when I was a kid
He's not though
I am pretty sure we have much more than ~750 pornstars
Think again, fucker
I force Youtube to use English locale, so that likely disables the feature
3 times average salary
ANO has the advantage of the image of fresh party with minimum of scandals and corrution cases.
verb: "hodit se"
Not speaking for me but in UK obviously Jim Hacker comes to mind.
Luxembourg - tax heaven and everybody’s very rich
It is shit and not even czech
Yeah, in the play they're used as slaves/cannon fodders that eventually revolt and kill all humans
Ah, nothing brings about a constitution faster and safer than hanging ministers from a lamp post
Řekly jsme
And, of course, most important is Jára Cimrman, inventor and writer, who I highly recommend people that don't know him to research
Also Finnish seitsemän looks very similar but once again, there is no proved relationship between those langauges
Well, the whole Czechoslovakia didn't really work out in the end and about 50 or 60 of those 100 years were kinda shit
People use public transportation to transport themselves.
If the name is very uncommon, you may need to prove that it's actually a real existing name and get an expert report that states that
The tanks won't do anything good against the cartel.
"Zpít se pod obraz" - to get drunk under the painting, derived from "obraz boží" = god's image
What
Nope, not a conspiracy, dual product quality is definetely real thing
And they are not used to it as wolves were basically extinct here for a century or more
The party is The communist party of Bohemia and Moravia and they are direct  successor of the Communist party which was in power from 1948-1989
This video doesn't address the question "Is Europe Doomed?".
Those are rookie numbers
So we've USB, USB-C and Lighting  ports and those clowns are thinking that's too much for normal people
I'd say zoophilia
Gatekeeping coldness like a pro
Im British originally, when I left ten years ago it just seemed to be young people, over forties and then pensioners
I have a Revolut card with a Brittish BIN, I have tried to withdraw money many times
Probably a good thing, not doing the two on the same day
The nature is spectacular
Oh, okay, thanks for the explanation
Does it have the opposite effect?
I guess we're a never-ending soap opera
In 1968, the communism here was fading with many freedoms regained, which Soviet didn't take kindly
Pavia FIN
I am pretty fine with it
It's on Jižní město
cz] (československá filmová databáze - czechoslovakina film database) and they translated "John Snow" to "Jon Sníh", literally Snow = Sníh
Italy is one big pile of chaos, the stereotypes are true
Technically Czechia is also a whatsapp country but I don't know anyone who uses it
2 months
But it always ends with greeting, any small talk is very uncommon
no opinion of czechs and slovaks, typical
It’s disgusting, I found it hard to believe coming from a small town
Rest of unused milk can go to fridge but that’s quite rare in our household
Wtf
Masaryk uni, olomouc, cvut, vscht all are better choices
you can always try but i wont garentee you will succeed
Before the Ausgleich nonsense, the whole country was called the Austrian Empire or just Austria
And language, obviously
didn't know, that the ability to use a pen and draw was strictly european feature
5/15 chilly
Cannot stop progress
As long as they are anti-putin, I am happy
I'm 13 so take this with a grain of salt I don't know shit about this stuff just saying what I think about it from what I know
So yeah, it is pretty germanised
If you don't mind me asking
Poles were the third most active party in Iraq for a reason
There are AZERTY keyboards at my workplace in Brussels (stands to reason as it's Belgium) and I don't actually need to use them very often and typically use a different one every time
I will say "What the fuck are you doing here, I have no kids, go away
Dont call them, I still live on the right side of the border now
That "the west" was organizing a revolution here to weaken the eastern bloc
It's so comfortable and convenient.
It's seafood so I'm fine with it
How many more times would it cost compared to [Helsinki -- Tallinn]
Yeah, and people did not believe he will be elected for the first time.
We might not be communist anymore, but I feel it needs more shades of orange.
Native speakers as teachers are somewhat rare.
I think most wildly spread is Prší. (raining)
Where at
Why didn't you people say anything sooner?
And they do have one, they often hold it upside down
Here, rarely maybe some private schools
Fines for having a damn VEGETABLE PATCH
I think I'll pass, thanks
In CZ, though, not in Germany
) - said when you don't close the door
That's the sad truth
If you ignore some of the key parts of your studies, then you don't study well.
From Lapland to Portugal without a single border stop
Is it not
**Left-wing** - **Social Democrats** and the **Communists** are the most traditionally left wing parties
The God died
But for fuck’s sake, we are the worst at covid right now and switching a health minister again, especially one who was avoiding all the real mistakes (communicating in a way that made people pissed and disobedient) is so infuriatingly dumb
Seems like Macedonia can into healthcare.
For example take this Apex Legends
Rats and mice
> This type of behavior should mean you risk being banned from copyrighting works
Snow isn't a myth, it's just surrounded by a lot of unscientific bullshit, like that it's made of water or other such nonsense
I am not talking about immigration of EU citizens to other EU countries.
I can barely remember my own phone number, so I'll jump straight to part 2.
We pronounce it almost exactly the same way as in English
Could make an interesting sidequest line
Realistically speaking, France is probably my best option because my partner being a French native makes things easier
I need to look for some Czech ones
I was in an elementary school at the turn of 1980s/1990s, high school until 1999, so there was some shift from pro-communist version of history towards a more balanced approach during my curriculum, but the old communist (or even Austro-Hungarian) approach to history as a sequence of important rulers and events that leads to social progress was still lingering around in the 1990
It's clumsy and stupid to refer to a coutry using a form of government.
in a country like Sweden with low amounts of poverty risk the gap will be wider than in the Czech republic for example, where poverty is more of a risk for everyone
I guess that time, when group of peasants led by a one eyed and later blind guy defeated several crussades and attacking knights and soldiers were even afraid of their singing
That's all that came to my mind now.
It will look like a hippie gathering rather than an assembly of normal people.
Why do you think Futurama had suicide booths?..
But that's life, people do die eventually.
North Korea picks a fight and starts losing badly, it looks like it'll stop being a buffer state for China (by being absorbed into the West-aligned South Korea)
I believe that the most notable holiday in Czechia is 17th of November, due to two events that happened on that day
If there is not, then they have to stay in the room with other patients for the entire required time
" said the UK, slamming the door to its room so hard the bottle model of the HMS Victory fell over
Make birth control and abortion 100% free and accessible in every corner of the country.
But I later learned that this isn't the norm in public schooling, my school was just an exception
Yet the healthy ratio varies a lot and that depends on both sides.
Good for those born in the time mantinels for the benefit claims, but it's more show off move from the government.
If they could keep the EU citizen status, they would still have these opportunities that they might miss otherwise.
looks like finland
* se: reflexive pronoun
I have already visited Japan once and would like to again
Even with /s it is unacceptable!
If there's one man in the group you are speaking of or if it's not specified at all, it's Řekli
(And personally I'm really grateful it's that way
Besides, wasn't it Chamberlain who was mainly for the appeasement policy
My maturita was in the only year when you could choose "higher level" language exams (B2), and of course that didn't stick either because nobody else wanted them
Honestly the entire
In your head
I blame Alan Moore for this
It's different
That really is kinda freaky
It is shit
It would not be an exaggeration to say that Polish was as foreign to me as Chinese."
American beer is sh*t
Full grammatical analysis:
France taking one for the team
They are only good at bitching and whining.
They still should throw it out.
Outside of what others said, how is 1,3 million people an average sized city?
But for the vast majority, it's a non-issue.
From: Czech Republic
I'm just saying you have to distinguish between specific missions
The 3% is still among the lowest, if not the lowest, in my country.
Did it work
The drag queen should apply to [RuPaul's Drag Race] She rocks.
Religion
Eventually - in the end in English
Everyone outside of Prague hates people from Prague and vice versa
Is this where the name from Legolas and Laura comes from
We have a party whose official name is
Just like the overwhelming majority of political leaders everywhere in the world
I haven't seen this dish offered to tourists though
Loving this thread already
University of Technology in Brno (VUT) would like to have a word
obligatory r/im14andthisisdeep
Nowadays just the idea that Germany would be starting another war in Europe seems completely far-fetched.
It should have been dealt with smugglers of the mediterranean time ago
Thank you very much Finland
Well I'm going to Creta in a few days
Free food in schools is a relatively cheap investment with huge returns in form of better population
* blood types
Here a link:
je český Karel II
I mean at least in our parliament, majority of those dudes never really had a real job, and they have no real field of expertise
Technicky jeho korunovace byla dost pochybná záležitost a Habsburkové ji samozřejmě neuznávali, ale král aspoň chvíli v Čechách byl
Don't forget that second foreign language is mandatory already in elementary school since 2013/2014.
I personally find Kladno really ugly (haven't yet had the pleasure of visiting Karviná) and some people say that they don't like Bruntál, Nymburk, Most, Rakovník and Hrubý Jeseník
they simply had to pay nearly double the legislated minimum wage.
Exactly, this is a way of fighting against ridiculous EU regulations pushed forward by ultra-leftist governments.
You're welcome guys
Also I'd say a good portion of people still use seznam as their email provider, gmail is not as ubiquitous as it might be elsewhere
Town police operates in their own town, or sometimes, when asked, can help a neighbouring town
Two men together break traditional "norms" in conservative countries, while in the west, there is no need to fit in such norms.
Ofcourse, employers could pay more, but why would they if there is no pressure.
Speaking about traditional crafts, Czechia is renowned for its [glassblowing] and in the past, there were a lot of [tinkers] who travelled over the Central Europe to repair crockery.
When I was 7, I knew the flags of all the countries in the world
I've been to the cathedral twice already and I definitely thought I would see it again one day
Five people
Instead of "The", many of us  say "D", instead of "with", many of us say "wif" and I have even heard "wis".
You also need to hit a critical area with a gun
I know you're gonna say "but Russia has no right to decide Ukrainian matters
They just blocked off the escape routes and, because the police didnt do anything, they had a very very long time to just walk around and kill everyone
Maybe some conservatories have some concerts but I never heard about that.
And German population is some 82 milion people
Bohemia/Czechoslovakia had a "National Socialist" party that was generally speaking a fairly progressive democratic centre-left party, in a cohort with the Social Democrats during the Interwar period after the communist wing split off in the 1920s.
First we need to find someone who knows what our country sent to Eurovision
You can believe in climate change without agreeing that it's caused by humans or that it can be reversed by our actions
I still get the water from the tap just because it is faster to fill a glass/jug due to faster flow
When I was a kid, I loved winter in Prague.
>USA has done 25M tests in total, which is around 77k tests/1M people
Even ancient societies like the Roman Empire were estimated to have an equivalent of ~500 dollars per capita
You should, the diagram doesn't look comfortably for you.
Yea, I've never had one in my life
I hope I didn't just offend anyone :D (Also my grandma comes from Ukraine and calls them pelmeni, so IDK
I would guess that the whole continent leans a bit more towards dogs, but not as much as most Czechs
I'm not expert on this, but couldn't there be a glottal stop instead of a schwa?
It was real physical object made out of iron
Everything is rubber
I always thought it was dumb enough how much we had to spend on very specific art class supplies in elementary that ended up being used like twice a year
At least neither of us is Fanatic Xenophobe and Spiritualist
I thought it was Slovak Oštiepok
Any central bank that is worth its salt is independent of the government and it is usually that the governments have to listen to the bank and not the other way around.
Could you not invade slavs
The ancient Slavic religion had a Sun god depicted as masculine (Dazhbog)
Who the fuck says that
I personally use American in spoken English, just because I feel it's easier for me to imitate, but I still sometimes mess up and mix the two when it comes to spelling.
I suppose "kurva" is the oldest of them, also most useful
Or an authoritarian regime that is opressing you?
Just like Jesus intended
But once you have a licence, you can buy as many as you have safe storage for (if you have more than 2 guns you need a safe)
Fuck, I read some of the books for our the Czech language Maturita exam in English
None
4) Brugges, Belgium
But I just think that those are the type of morally flexible shitstains that would flourish in any regime
Even after Communism made the country twice poorer than Germany
> "important" one
Have they seen the news this year
Edit: As a 'bonus'... We went a few decades back
Počítač simply doesn't mean counter
Do you like names of cities or towns in your country (in your country's language) and do you like it in English
Earthsea
For example, gold is zlato in Czech, but it's Au, but Wolfram is W, like in latin
Haha, no, they were not supposed to be related
Each evening you hit a different camp where you set up your tent and continue drinking.
Too bad it took them 23 years to send a letter to the UN to do so
Such a great response, I think many people really overthink in these issues.
We'll be fighting over every piece of pizza with Slovakia, then complaining about everything, pointing at Germany and Russia, gossiping about others, went over to table where Great Britain is sitting, scream at them they betrayed us, get's back, get's blackout drunk with Slovakia, went home, calling them "my brother" singing various traditional songs and state anthems
It seems to me that people are more angry at the UK and France for their betrayal in 1938
In lots of them the car crashes in the end though
Yeah
But I understand that you might feel pretty frustrated by that
Your friend is exactly the kind of person I wouldn't want to come to my country.
Same in Czechia -- they not only put the ribbons, but also blocked goods in the cash desk systems, so one can't buy them even at the automatic checkout machine
followers of Heimdallr or maybe of Loki :) but seriously first one looks to me as something with potatoes but nothing exact.
French is definitely worth knowing as well
I dunno what I'd do, let's hope it won't happen.
Molotov-Ribbentrop pact was a final piece of years-long cooperation
Sometimes I feel like Czechs are almost trying to foreigner-splain the German language to these people
What the hell, I didn't even know that Poland and Hungary had any plans for V4 TV.
I think the funny thing about this picture is that there is the same text covering both czechia and slovakia, while people still thinking of czechoslovakia as one country are another pet peeve of ours, hehe
Various groups want to push us into globalism (in the sense of caring for all of the world's citizens), but I believe our society is not ready for that in the next 100 years.
But according to my team’s observations, these are the MEPs who voted for restricting your freedoms online:
* **Southern Moravia:** Land of jolly wine drinkers
I see these 200 years old buildings and I am pretty sure this stuff should be preserved, then I see average building that been built in last fifty years and I feel like that shit has some expiration date and does not even look good today not even talking in next twenty years
Oh yeah, Easter (Velikonoce)
&#x200B;
Sort of a backwater wilderness with harsh weather conditions, lots of unemployed people and ruins, local pub brawls can be pretty brutal, everybody has a dead German buried under his cottage
Trump may be Russia-friendly, but not to Russian allies.
It totally is a matter of getting used to something "new" (this name is pretty old, actually)
In fact, as long as you meet the requirements (no mental issues, law-abiding, passing a test on the relevant laws and basic firearms safety) you have the RIGHT to own a gun for self-defense, something thats completely unheard of in most European countries
I'm half Algerian, and I know this is AskEurope, but I think any information is good
Interestingly, they are among the first ones to go for discounts in supermarkets no matter black, asian, alien model on the leaflet.
Maybe it's a bit different in older generations
But it's almost never an issue if you ask
Don't be too confident, we're in the race too
Fyi, our keyboards do support almost every special character that can be written in latin alphabet
I understood that they meant "clean up by natural means", not that it would take so long, if people attempted it
If you see something flying and thinking "omg, that's an alien drone" it's not UFO.
Trůnit - sitting on the throne, literally "throning".
I hate when they put that into the meat, I feel like it spoils the dish, although it's done in most places.
Same in Czechia
When the coronapanic hit, I started actively looking for smaller independent places to shop around, not only supporting the store but also the local producers
Now that a worthy ruler, not like the scum Czech prime minister
When I learned about Pornhub I had one question : Is Pornhub recommending me so much Czech porn because I'm Czech, or because it's really that common
I know
I red somewhere that left-wing people took part in it too to prvent Sarkozy return.
I can't tell you what the reasoning is, i guess fish are "normal" but the other animals just look creepy with their legs and tentacles and not having a skeleton
This is hideous
We have a party whose official name is
Not saying I like it
2 - we invented sugar cubes
They are not unfounded, but very well documented
they look like kriminalnici from Mechanical Orange
not technically a building but the "brněnský čurák"
Sexist
Pre-COVID restrictions, I travelled to another country at least once a year
we like being sarcastic and dark
Since, you know, why would you ever need to spell something, unless it is maybe a foreign name/place
Nothing stops Turkey from relinquishing its claim on Cyprus.
One of my familys friend is a very respected veterinarian and his wife, a medical nurse, does bioresonance for people and PETS and she firmly believes it
years ago
u wot
it's just a waste of time imo.
Oldřich Černík
That won't hurt you directly, but the ability to recover from brain damage is greatly reduced
But remember that KSČ won with a landslide, so a transition to a capitalist society was impossible with Gottwald in power.
Used to be massive reddit community, easily over 500k very active members, since they've been kicked out they have been completely eliminated
I think it is obvious why you think what you think since you live in a very specific type of a family
These places seem like an absolute steal
they are EVERYWHERE
Jan - Honza
Why has the Czech Republic become so irreligious?
So it's words like thorough, girlfriend, rural etc
Merkel had the right mind and intentions in helping the refugees, but to integrate them all is unsustainable.
Regular police officer have nothing to do with Babis
But this stereotype (dangerous drivers) is mostly directed to polish trucks, not cars
Not as scary because they did go down there, but still
Katakana writing is mostly used for foreign words, so after a bit of practice, i can read you signs like hotel (ホテル - hoteru), taxi, etc
It's all just a bunch of corrupt crooks in a very corrupt swampy mid-atlantic area
The biggest emission generators are companies: Třinecké železárny (steel), ArcelorMittal Ostrava (steel), ČEZ (power plants), Sokolovská uhelná (coal), Unipetrol (petrochemical), Elektrárna Počerady (power plant), Elektrárna Chvaletice (power plant) and others.
Hope I didn't sound too harsh :)
They only established diplomatic relations with us in 2009.
our is usually home made clear plum liquor around 50%.
Reddit popularity in EU countries, December 2016
For better understanding: We wouldn't produce that growth without Germany
In the Czech voiceover, they speak with a South Moravian accent (where I'm from), which is a bit mix of Czech and Slovak
They offer food, you came to eat that food, what's wrong with it
Is it ok, to speak Czech in Slovakia, or should I try my best to speak Slovak, or just avoid them and speak English
If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones
**Cycling infrastructure
Ey going to pubs with friends for beer is 11/10
BELIEVE YOURSELF !!! - but with many other reasons why we should go ALL of the elections this time, but - if we don't want to be deceived, deceived and robbed again - DO NOT SELECT ANY PARLIAMENTARY TUNNEL - THE PAGE OF THE Ruled (post) Communist RUSSIA Worse, the better !!! - who is asking for election support ALL CZECH CITIZENS and taxpayers who want to turn today's criminal situation, which we are all victims into, the very opposite
Here _pneumatika_ means both a tire and the branch of science
Castle Houska was built on crack in the mountain because they thought It's entrance to hell
need details on that cursed words (working with quite a lot with indian people, it would be fun :)
I wonder where does the second one is from, because it is known here in czechia as well
Has to be brutal technical death metal at least though
Si seulement tu avais pu savoir quel châtiment profane ton petit commentaire "malin" était sur le point de t'attirer, peut-être que tu aurais tenu ta langue.
Depends on how you look at it, most people I know drink coffee and cafes are frikkin everywhere.
Probably not
We already have it bad enough with the Danes that come to raid our capital every year
You know, different language families
Kazakhstan, prostitutes cleanest in the region, except of course for Turkmenistan's.
EDIT: sometimes it is called "Australia and Oceania"
I actually see **him** as a friend
edit: I can bet 500 dollars someone blamed refugees, somewhere, in a facebook comment or [Novinky
I don't have problem with that, but after that, KSČ did what Mother Russia said
As much as I want Qwant to succeed, the search results are absolute trash, even compared to DDG
Most Czech kids learn cycling before elementary school, typically using auxiliary side wheels
But pre 2010
If there ever will be /r/europe meeting, it has to be near Lake Bled
My motivation is actually my dentist being angry if i don't go twice a year
Expansion of mortgage interest deduction system
This could only possible change in the future if the increased spending was accompanied by some sudden aggresive rhetorics towards Germany's neighbours, but that is IMO very unlikely to happen.
Well we still need more skilled laborers with the uneployment swinging around 5%, we need more technicians or more automation, the production of the mechas for our rising conquering forces aint gonna build them self, yet.
My picks would be Emanuel Moravec, Zikmund Lucembursky, or just Habsburgs in general to name a few
No, problem :) I was just curious.
This has the potential to really change the whole internet
* William the Conqueror = Vilém Dobyvatel
I've also heard bad things about our mental health care, but I don't have any first hand experience so I don't want to really say much
Railways are as far I'm willing to go
**Germany**: economy (because politicians always use rhetoric "*we'll be Germany level economy by 20XX*")
I found out such contests exist from your post
Well of course
As I mentioned, German used to have a substantial, even dominant position in this country, so that's why it stuck
Socks in sandals
That being said, that does not apply for most other fields, so your spouse will indeed earn crappy salary.
never thought about it this way but it also makes a perfect sense
Not mine but my brother was nicknamed "Jája". Because one of the first words he knew was "já" (meaning "I") and he said it a lot
And also canadian with first 6 words
15 min walk
The main centers of the rebellion were in Bohemia (Prague, Tábor) and the Hussites were never able to capture a large city in Moravia, which was also more culturally influenced by Austria.
I have to dissapoint you, it wasn't
I saw "talking to real people" as the top skill level when I was in school, but it's actually much easier, because they can adapt to your level and re-phrase anything you didn't understand
Then we open the presents brought by Ježíšek (Baby Jesus) and spend the next two days digesting all the food, laying about, eating Christmas cookies, watching TV and eating more food
Friendly reminder for those, who have not already seen it:
Well, yes, Romanian protests were a different beasts.
The Democratic party also shot themselves in the foot with selecting Hillary Clinton over Sanders (the former who's campaign was clouded by the whole email scandal ordeal).
I remember ordering in Czech in Vienna, 'cause I've heard waiters to speak Slovak
> deal with two unspecified with one uspecified
> Los españoles son muy españoles y mucho españoles
the whole EU does w.r.t. themself
They know company now, they know when...
was the capital of the Muslim Spain
When I corrected her she asked if I mean by Gregorian or Julian calendar
Let me know which one are correct
coincidence
We had a subject called 'rodinná výchova' which in english would be something like family education, where we were sopussed to also have sexual education, but the teachers usually don't do it anyway because they feel too akward
Despite my efforts to normalize the phrase "natlačit do chobotu", people in my office still use "pušnout do trunku" :(
Another Israeli - Czech
I personally love hearing different dialects and learning the different words they use
I mean, the number of countries joining indicates that the initiative isn't very restrictive in accepting new members.
My parents often argued about this - dad didn't really care during the day but would lock it at night
I've been there at the end of June, amazing, a pity because of a fire during my stay, air was unbreathable
If there's one man in the group you are speaking of or if it's not specified at all, it's Řekli
I am sick for like 2 weeks now so it's going to be even worse :-(
Thought most Polish names have Czech equivalents, this one doesnt
You'd kill grandayy by erasing Malta, are you sure you wanna do that
We kind of hunted them down in 18.ct, I think, but I think some came over from poland in last years.
I think the actual answer OP is looking for is the year **1993**. That's the year Czech Republic was born
(plus some rumors says romans created wineyards at south Moravia but this was debunked both by historians and wine experts)
Well it's written down there (č is _**ch**ase_; and if you can say the trilled r, you'll just say all the letters in succession and that's it), basically if you have a lazy and/or untrained tongue and you make schwa vowels around some consonants, ~~you done fucked up~~we'll be able to tell
Then we have:
In general yes, but that's not what I'm arguing - that the "investing in space is a great R&D investment" argument doesn't sound convincing at all.
as usual same thing across the border.
Bullet holes, holes in the sidewalk from grenade launchers, huge number of cemeteries
Funny how people go full rage mode, yet this kind of law is quite normal in other countries.
RUR, Absolute at Large, War with the Newts, ...
and then after expectable backlash, lady Stokeworth once again - and every other name that means something ended up this way (except the main houses and names like Tarly etc that doesn't directly mean anything)
Kde domov můj should be either modified to have a better tempo/stronger dynamics or replaced, because currently it is just the definition of sub-average mediocrity
But still, he sucks
I should have though of trying it when I went there
EU nationals with permanent residence can vote in the local elections and EP elections, why shouldn't they be allowed to vote in the national elections
Just beep
If God exist that is completely different maybe he does or maybe he doesn't. But question about religion and God goes back into history my personal favorite is “Live a good life
* [Zimní královna]
We’re the laughing beasts
I was little surprised that reddit won the race with other media in this case (that someone didn't told me earlier for example)
Ancient, not antique, and Egypt really has nothing to do with this
It happens in Czechia as well
Man learns something new every day
it's all cool, my man
You cannot pay lower minimum wage legally, so I'm not sure how would the companies save money - by paying minimum wage to non-minimum wage jobs?
The Best reference in a while, take that upvotes in the name of Asterix, Obelix and Idefix
Germany has taken in more refugees and received more asylum applications (per 1,000 inhabitants) than Italy every single year apart from 2008 in the past two decades.
Wouldn't it be lethal trap
A few comments up, there is a dude whos fathers cousin served the woman seconds before her death
Nah just kidding
19 is usual
I stored even a long board in my previous school cuz I didn't have a mopedcar (I won't explain what it is, I am tired of it)
Algeria - colonised by France, lots of Algerians in France, biggest country in Africa, Atlas mountains
Anyway, technically this is a holiday celebrating Czechoslovakia, so greetings to our pals under the Tatras
Basically USSR and Nazi Germany started WW2
I would not say worse, just mixing English and German words to my native language
Should it be primarely eurozone countries that go ahead?
as far as I know civilization VI is able to declare war with your character to your nation (with side effect all allies will declare war to you automatically) so I am waiting for some major fix.
It’s funny because some countries receive a massive amount of funding from the EU (much more than they give back), yet some of its citizens still complain about the EU…..kind of hypocritical, eh?
What if they ran under a car and caused an accident
EDIT: Another example for specifically Austro-Bavarian word, but this time fully domesticated and entered literary language: žemle from Semmel
Felt such patriotism for my own country
Not at all, at least in my area
> "Das ist mir Wurst/wurscht
Edit: this got really much longer than I thought it would, so sorry for the wall of text :)
I see, thanks
That said the dorms are nice and there's lots of them
Right
Well it has to be hard for other groups then
Also, no shoes
Read Czech newspapers and talk to Czech people
), really baffling
We just call it drinking and we don’t really care what time it is
I hate when this happens, but I know they do even more
I have to admit, I knew very well what the link was going to even before I opened it.
I live in the capital and I've got school in the historical centre so I can see tourists who happen to be black quite often, about every other day.
There isn't consensus that guns are bad
Some other possible misunderstandings that came to my mind are *chudý* which means "slim" in Slovak but "poor" in Czech so when a Slovak wants to compliment a Czech that they look "slim", they might accidentally call them "poor". Or Czechs may get excited when a Slovak casually mentions they've got *pivnica* ("cellar") at their home because *pivnice* means "pub" in Czech
That is ODS
He failed to manage coronavirus (but I think that no president could manage coronavirus in America
6 upvotes -> complains about haters
Or are you communist
They made some progressive reforms and focused on international clients.
They did plenty of raiding and pillaging in Bohemia during the TYW.
EU is very close, so unskilled and poor muslim migrants, reach the shores very easily unlike USA.
Charles University in considered more prestigious because it is the oldest university in Central and Eastern Europe (it was founded in 1348)
In the last 20 or so odd years, liberal and  social democratic governments alike, the tax-burden has been lightened  for the richest, and spread to the broader population,  dis-proportionally affecting those already weakest in society
We are tackling the language barrier a little bit here
The Swedish invasions happened 300+ years ago.
Same name could be possible in Czech, but it would be spelled differently, as "Kovalský". Czech uses "v" but Polish uses "w", and the rules for using i/y are different
Asi jo
Sure most of our streets don't look totally derelict anymore, but the post-Communist mentality is ingrained much deeper
Also sucks majorly for wind power
Here its' ANO party (ANO means YES)
Yeah, both Metternich and Bach (Alexander, not Johan Sebastian) are big bad guys of our history
- No idea about Mexican
> I think that's a very individual thing
Where is 0-10% section
EU became something like punching bag.
Ask any kid or teenager if they watch regular TV stations
We have both, but just because I don't like the taste of tap water in Prague (we had well water back home, which wasn't chlorinated, or not as much) and the ice is just so convenient
They announce one day where the last ringing takes place
This is also very individual, my grandmother is Slovak and she's dropped basically everything Slovak about her and is a naturalized Czech at this point, and so is everyone from her family who moved here
I thought you guys were really into The Grand Duchy of Lithuania part of your history
Even at school, we had to take off shoes and wear slippers
Halušky thanks, Slovakia
Also you can find a lot of smaller deers outside in the middle of the field, but they are shy
I wasn't organized enough to have color-coded folders or notebooks, but I colored in my timetable with somewhat stable colors
In front of the pikola, behind of the pikola none cannot stay or i wont play
Czech person would be surprised rather in an opposite way as our gun owners are used to carry their guns everywhere
Otrok in Czech means slave too
Sweden is either cute, or threatening
Edit: But I didn't want to argue about which city is better, bigger (there's no argument there, obviously) or less boring
And while you're at it, I'd also recommend you to rethink immigration from MENA, that also doesn't seem to be a bastion of progressive values.
As for the February coup, [Moscow directly airlifted NKVD agents to help with the coup on February 15th, 1948
>The botched response to the coronavirus
I wasn't really thinking about it too much when I was writing that.
If you voluntarily move to a country with such misogynist culture, it is your free decision.
Basicaly Everything at anytime
In Anthropoid the actors spoke English, but they got the accent pretty spot on, I was afraid they were going to do some pseudorussian abomination
In long term, we tend to be among the best in ice hockey and floorball, we do well in various branches of cycling (MTB, fourcross, road, cyclocross), we usually have at least one player in top 10 in tennis (both ATP and WTA), and we continually do very well in canoeing and rowing.
ok but this is the last time"
We are changing our Health Minister once again
He sounded like the video triggered him, so I guessed he was probably a Trump supporter and I was right.
But then, laws often make no sense
[Hi ethreax.] Your [submission] was removed because it broke a rule.
It used to cover entire countries back in the industrial age
Also he complicates work of his security staff and actually needlessly endangers them too as they are obliged to protect him with their bodies
Istanbul one explained to me, that many european turks live in a bubble, they watch turkish propaganda on tv comfy in western societies while they don't have day-to-day experince from Turkey as turks living there.
I really enjoyed:
In czech grammar handbook there are several pages for it
He’s originally Slovak so would be great if they just took him back haha
Yeah, exactly
But as per usual it's not as simple as adding -je or -tje
Yeah, snowed yesterday in prague
This has been a classic German tactic "poolkrieg" for about thirty years mate
It's not really just a minor inconvenience, it can be very scary.
WHAT THE FUCK
The Hussites really werenn't.
Even more now without the international tourists
I wish we all passed on that
So I replied in Czech that there is no need for English and the delight in their faces was the best
Arrested till their parents picked them up.
+ French Guyana, Haiti, Martinique etc.).
No nation in the Isles is now ethnically purely Germanic or Celtic and so isn't English a purely Germanic language.
Interestingly (from what I heard) us Czechs are generally well liked in Poland, while we generally tend to really dislike Poles
Let's see the terms and conditions of this policy.
I'd like to remark that the history is also being written today.
When tf is this map from
u/vredditdownloader
I read that people did this normally, they believed in healing powers of blood of any executed person, of positive effect on pregnancy when hanged man touches your belly, I read they tried to steal parts of bodies of executed, that executioners sometiems even allowed sick people to take the blood etc
Like who speaks Irish
Is Lidl in your country considered a good market
Only got girl so far tho :D
It's weird
We probably need Denmark and Finland in this group, probably more :D
The same, or garbage man or "You'll be digging holes".
Yes, it's supposed to be like Switzerland and the Swiss Condederation.
that's what I get for replying before clicking the link :D)
The only place where snow is cute is on the roofs and maybe behind fences (but fences in Prague
But that would také some reading of materials written 10-20 years ago, before your easy-to-read media picked up the stories after shit hit the fan.
But it takes much more effort than communicating with Slovaks
Probably because some Slavic languages User it as a toast
I know the first song you linked from hearing it in the malls or something, but I don't think everyone should know who sings it.
Neither USSR/Czechoslovakia or USSR/Germany shared common border
His way of announcing more strict restrictions and kindly asking people to abide by them, explaining why are they neccessary, was stellar in my opinion
In the Czech Republic, definitely Trdlo/Trdelník. It’s just a trap for naive tourists, you can find it in literally every food stand in Prague for hilarious prices
Sounds similar to Czech _obutí_ (~ shodding)
But to answer the part about why Gorbachev didn't go full Brezhnev on the satellite states - I think this was really caused by the fact the USSR was broke.
He got a lot of hate for handling the mess we all helped to create
But as I said, probably not a norm, since I don't have a family, nor a girlfriend to pay attention to
Well the answer is obviously Czech
She was stopped on the street by old women eager to speak in Czech they still remembered because they learned it in childhood
way more than that probably, whenever i go outside there are tens of people smoking, in restaurants basically everyone is outside because smoking indoors was banned
You are forgetting that the state has created borders to prevent efficient allocation of labour and therefore it is correct for the government to try to fix this artificial issue at least partially.
Number one in beer consumption
Where are the motorcycles and rmpty streets
Sure, it's not a key market for you, but it's also not completely insignificant.
Latvia - Lotyšsko
A chinese female tourist taking a piss near the escalator leaving the Můstek metro station vestibul
I realize that the historic circumstances around the founding of Israel (and the time period shortly before that) were, to put it mildly, very complicated.
My grandma was putting it in canned food and she used to grow it on her garden also
Wow
A list of 2-4 simple traditional dishes they sell for low price between 11-13 o clock.
Yes, except we are not naming generations
They'll be tired and insufferable
They accused him of things left and right and gave him little place to talk
And I don’t know what to make of it
The difference, again, is night and day
Bohemian domestic dispute over catholics closing a few protestant churches boiled over to the Third defenestration of Prague, war against the king, and eventually, the Thirty Years War
Well, if you look at at the [actual score card]#economy=CZE), you will find that when it comes to health and education, we are doing fine.
More like better trade balance with Germany.
Hvala
Jarmilo
Exactly like [this] but with princess dress
I can also point out you're Romanian
We have a party called "ANO, vytrollíme europarlament" = "YES, we will troll the europarlament"
but that would lead to nuclear winter...
A lot awful stuff
I don't even remember ever drinking milk so it was surprising for me to give everyone such unusual product
For sure, to some extent
It usually depends on the number of people involved
That's not to say fun times weren't had (including me), but really with the stereotype of Erasmus as incessant fucking, it was far more tame than I expected.
But in my country it is very expensive
Again, pretty subjective, I am sure many will disagree with me
Also better gun laws, anti-imigration, ban on gay marriages and abortions, stop stupporting minorities and trans people.
Ok this is freaky to see on the front page because I was literally just here about an hour ago
Almost all articles about history are pretty garbage from my experience
In Czech grammar approximately 1/6 is germanisms
I'm not entirely sure about Sorbs, but we didn't really have any relations with the Slovaks before the early 20th century
Ústí nad Labem: Poor, Dirty, Industrial, Weird People
High speed trains should connect as many major cities as possible, both in new and old member states
” as if he was meeting there with Faltýnek to down a couple beers
At least a dozen
Unless there are some hardcore Salzburger separatists around that I haven't noticed.
Well from Russian point of view at least, because Russian is one of the languages where работа means regular work, so the word origin might seem kinda innocent for them
For my family, Christmas movie is also S čerty nejsou žerty, I wonder if it's usual or only my family thing
Nazi gold in Switzerland
Though I go into drunken ramblings about the unfair history we’ve had with out neighbours, I love y’all, even if you did my country wrong or if you’re passing some concerning laws
Slovakia, Germans, Soviet Russia, Austria and maybe France
Surprising to me it's more popular than lacrosse; we did lacrosse in school (heck, we did tchoukball) but we never did rugby
Ehhhh, I literally don't know what you're talking about
I am sorry but why can't those women just buy tampons
The dialogue is a bit cringy at times, too
He says one thing, but doesn't mean it.
**Basically anyone on the street knows at least 20+ quotes from the plays
I had to as it was a lost bet but the reaction was worth of it :)
[Icelandic]
Without fake snow, ski-resorts would bankrupt very fast
Prague always
Still, the second biggest country on the world with massive natural resources and ever growing population.
They are planning on cutting public holidays IIRC, and besides, you have the 1st of November as a national holiday while Czechs do not
Unhappy crowd will grow stronger and stronger
They just couldn't afford competing with the West anymore, they desperately needed cash and so they were willing to cooperate with the West in order to receive loans and financial help.
I wouldn't rely on something he said just once, especially with things about other politicians like Trump or Orbán. If you look at the record of what he said, you'll see exact opposites in his opinions - many more than the two I listed above
It wasn't for coffee tho
Kozodirky (Goat-holes)
There are maps, that are shown in certain areas which share same ideas about political borders
Making a mistake in relation to "vyjmenovaná slova" is considered to be severe and you can lose a lot of points for that
Let the poor souls leave the Euro already and go into bankruptcy.
* James I = Jakub I.
Now I'm starting to think that we're known for this in just about every country that we go to as tourists in significant numbers.
They're all still Turkish nationals.
years ago
some monthly contribution I can recall the number (about 40 EUR in local currency if I remember correctly) to pension funds/ some other non meal vouchers up to your decision
Because it damaged the Polish economy (reduced number of available employees) and damaged the poorest section of UK's society (their wages were lowered through competition with Poles).
I remember someone has said that "Czechs are the dwarfs of Europe". Gunsmiths, beer, mountains and now . . . underground tunnels
Ah, I’m sorry to hear that but I do believe Czech can be pretty hard to learn
I'd need more Czechs to confirm this, but I think it's Russia
> A normal republic with a good legal system, no corruption and people making a descent income
You can buy one, but using it is strictly forbidden in most places if you're on the public sewerage system
I think
Yeah we're beyond fucked
"  -CZ
Stará Boleslav: Stará-what
Among educated people, it is Andrej Babiš. On November 16, 2019, around 300,000 people demonstrated against him in Prague
Now let’s have a look at regional trains
While I still love Italian cuisine, I've become a bit sceptical about every Italian claiming to be a cook
it's not a custom, it's spontaneous human behavior :)
Also that dark humour should be mentioned in brochures about our country
The nicest city in our country
Yeah, it's pretty bad
* Phone: one of the stock Android dark backgrounds
Jist curious
But Slovak language is still pretty understandable as there just couple of different words and minor grammar change.
I can go on with another examples but i can't procrastinate any longer :D if you wish to know more than you can go to wiki: [ where is way more info and better described than what i can give you here
Because I'm pretty sure I see padrones
some tiny shit apartment in Dublin.
I live in Prague though so I might be biased
nominative | voda | vody| woda | wody
So whats the point then
and they stayed
Tbh it may be a bit controversial job, but there are much worse and more controversial jobs you can end up with and as long as you "follow your passion" and do it from your own will, I mean, why the fuck not, we're living in a free country
People from the West just don't like the call themselves immigrants, even when they're staying in a foreign country for years.
KURVA In Czech and Slovak and KURWA in Polish and Sorb means bitch
Beautiful place
> They really do a great job of promoting local commerce
> thinking how horrible it is
I have long hair myself, and nobody really minds it
They are, and they do
Step: 3 do the images look like a bunch of field with fuck all
It was real physical object made out of iron
For example TadyGavin and DreamPrague- both Americans
That applies to most of our unfinished highways, a new train station for Brno, any high speed railways, P+R systems, metro/railway connection to the Prague airport (currently, your only options are buses and taxis, and that's a pretty big airport),... We always have something like this going on
No and I thought that americans must be really stupid, because they have spelling bees when I saw them in cartoon
Calling them by their surname would be considered as quite rude
Before the Ausgleich nonsense, the whole country was called the Austrian Empire or just Austria
Beowulf is impossible for me
Religion is simply not part of Czech national identity.
Ve této situaci moc ne
I, your czech neighbour, can absolutely say that I love the Tatras
If it makes you feel any better, I think Romania is a great and beautiful country.
because it's extremly hard to supress your identity for your entire life and be happy.
The property of Liechtensteins is still not returned though
Instead of continuing to poison our air with obsolete coal powerplants and even giving them fucking _exceptions_ from emission limits just to sell a surplus of electricity for profit
> Have you ever saw non-homemade sekaná as good as they sell in Austria
I am not saying it was ethically OK, but it certainly wasn't a "systemic extermination".
Depends on the exact place, north of Prague could be also on best Czech soil (for agriculture) in Polabí and it shell be prvented if it is intact piece of land.
* German, which I'm very shitty at and going nowhere
Sort of a backwater wilderness with harsh weather conditions, lots of unemployed people and ruins, local pub brawls can be pretty brutal, everybody has a dead German buried under his cottage
we're all lucky this forum is for Europeans, otherwise any Chinese would have you all shut up with their "shi shi shi shi shi"...
Mea culpa
To illustrate the actual disconnection, I live right next to one of the largest remnants of an Celtic oppidum here in Czechia (edge of Prague) and there are very few people who actually know or care about it now.
Aw fuck, I can't believe they've done this
Personally it sounds a little too close to "Чехия" which is the Russian name for Czech Republic, and this brings up rather unfortunate associations
We did well in Germany, Japan, and South Korea for instance.
Ludvík Doležal - "dirtiest European" has died
Let's say channels under 100k subs
As for someone from the Czech Republic the most pleasant sounding language is Slovak
He grew tall fairly quickly, in a year, he already was this tall, but then it took some 1-2 years to accumulate all the body mass and actually get this large.
No, nothing that could be called a reform.
These aren't standardized on the national level either :( Two different platform heights in Germany, 2 (+2 more unique single line each) electrification systems in Czechia
Also ban lottery
I'm sorry, what the fuck
I mean our curent prime minister, our current president and our previous president
Potato
Problem is we humans will never understand God or how he thinks
Europe now relies on two American mobile operating systems and mostly Chinese-made hardware, when it could have had both natively
Who just happens to have jews in the family too.
or did they just appear suddenly on the sea like aliens?
Kinda sad tbh
You've served in Iraq
50ml of beer with the 1/10 of a bottle deposit
Tunnels in my city are also connected, although I doubt they were used for storage, since everyone has a basement
Karel Lucemburský, Karel Habsburský - poslední Habsburk, Karel Bavorský, tenhle Karel
who insures the hamsters and why?
I think that if anyone did, they would get some funny looks from fellow diners as well
*Chlastat jako Dan* (drink like a Dane): drink like you want to forget why you're even alive.
In our leanguage it's "Česká repulika" (- means Czech republic) and "Česko" - (means Czechia)
Not really, because it's not allowed to give kids names with "incorrect" spelling
Then we should bill the Serbian government for all expenses they cost us.
Aw, glad to hear
I didn't like when English speakers would shorten the name to just "Czech". And I kinda like annoying other Czechs by saying Czechia/Česko all the time, TBH
Meanwhile Žižkov tower has been built and people just got used to it
Just the shorts, for now
Not really, actually German tourists are usually very polite and the give much bigger tips, plus we hate the Russians more
It was done in a retaliation for the assasination of the third highest ranked Nazi Reinhard Heydrich, who was also in charge of the Protektorat
Oh I remember this one time I got invited to a "Russia-themed" party by a girl from Scotland
Why is there like hundreds of religions
The main guy is actually slovak, but the rest of the team is czech and their studio is in Prague
There's [an iconic rendition] from a 90's satirical show.
But what is the most expensive part of carbonara
The ending left me absolutely speechless
Again, you have done amazing job, keep it up and good luck
It's not as if membership in the EU entails automatic subscription to ideological multiculturalism or whatever
Always have Pilsner for Christmas dinner though
A lot of people I know however seem to visit a dentist only when they have got a problem and often haven't even got their own dentist which then causes troubles because there's a scarcity of them and many don't accept new patients
Maybe you're nickname is so literal people assume it's ironical.
>How are Atheists viewed as in your country
But in Polish, it is a mandatory part of a sentence, at least for some
NATO being obsolete doesn't mean it should be dismantled, just reformed with more fair share from partners.
[Battle of Lake Baikal] August 1918
Many ancestors fought in various wars (earliest one I definititely know about being Seven Years War)
Tesco is pretty consistently huge though.
We do have them too
Also remember Austrian shops with signs "Czechs, do not steal!" and yes, we deserve it.
It is fast, comfortable, and environmentally friendly mean of transport, and it will increase quality of travel for both locals and visiting people
Then there is the thing with Common Czech: you learn the language (Standard Czech) and then you realize people around you speak what sounds like a different language
Right, cause the ideological inconsistency has always stopped high ranking communist officials from enriching themselves through political power in the past
We've got "plněné knedlíky", different doughs with different savory and sweet fillings
Romania, absolutely
and coal companies here and some politicians want to still raze villages in Northern Bohemia because of coal
USA has deployed thousands of men to free France and other countries, many died there, obviously it was not for free.
Yes, most of Vietnamese have got permanent residence here (39 out of 57 thousand in 2011) or eventually a long-term stay.
Whenever it is shown he/she fully gave up the culture of his/her homeland.
The names of the children were mentioned on the old version of the identity cards
They plan summer camps for children, educate people about woodcraft and they lead people to live a good life
Beer&porn, Czech biggest contributes to world
EU is an institution and has almost nothing to do with our culture and heritage
Austrian problems require Austrian solutions
Defenestration is not of those
Neither has dumplings, so I guess the picture with the proper guláš is missing.
bread part of the bread
It might help
Czechs and Slovaks finally started working together after WWII, apart from that probably nothing
About Syria; i am not sure about Serbia, but here in Czech Rebublic (and almost every western country) we have media based against Bashar al-Assad's regime, so most of people, influenced by media, are pro-regime change
Heard it is more about the temperature and waves then the distance.
Silesia, no one would be able to stop them since no one knows what they are saying half the time also the dust and fumes from Ostrava would cover any tracks of an uprising rather quickly
The softening can be solved by making it explicit - e.g. writing *-ňí* instead of *-ní*.
The cycle of cars
Other countries are rather pro-Russia but do not have nationalistic or illiberal tendencies.
* they take away so much space from people in cities
Your supply of words is much more suited for this than mine
And it's basically impossible to find a new GP, especially for children
I'd assume it being a foreign word is an argument for a feminine noun, since -a is sort of an "international" feminine ending
We had a *great* series of historical books on ancient civilizations
I like our anthem
Nor a political party I can pronounce haha
> I am trying to understand what their fucking problem is
I kid you not, I read the post title and I immediately knew that OP was /u/YeShitpostAccount
Lots of smaller settlements around the area, but nothing too big.
We've got "plněné knedlíky", different doughs with different savory and sweet fillings
My English isn't the best, does that mean that they would or wouldn't?
I don't trust it (there are still some channels doing it but not much and it looks even less trustworthy than before), but we loved to watch it as a funny show with my brother as kids
I'd say it's also known for being a student city, even more than Brno
Munich Conference probably
Generations passed since your family had a European custom, tradition, language - pretty much anything.
Because he has wood all the time
Anything from Karel Čapek
Now things that were badly executed: the introduction of electronic public transport passes in Prague ("Opencard") was known as a giant overpriced scam, they have since been replaced by a different provider
>zona vigilada
It seems rather dumb and dangerous to encourage this behavior, even when is the green light up, you should look around.
50 - 8, except my high school didn't - some days started at 7
Some parts are more beautiful than the others
"hey we bring you some kolaches so you don't feel alone here.
Can confirm, easiest trigger for Slovaks, tried it many times
He did the same thing with Italy and prosciutto.
And again if it's clear from the text)
Please OP, explain poverty to me.
To me it seems like Czechia but better in every way
no difference
I don't really like beer very much
Says that we can not pick only good achievements when thinking about our cultural identity, but have to be aware that there bad things that share roots with the good ones
That's correct
That's because 1) it's just a bunch of random people talking on the internet, not an academic discussion, so duh, people don't come armed with all the knowledge, and 2) you only narrowed it down to linguistics to make your point
We stronker, of many relevance and can into space for starters.
Well neither I nor other Czechs I know do that...
cibulka
I've seen foxes and deers sniffing in the trash on the edges of villages though
I'd argue that Poland was never our friend
And even nowadays I have to stop and think when encountering large numbers in English, like billion or trillion etc
Brno is a joke itself
It's a system that has some positives, but it also reproduces social hierarchy either way
There is no geopolitical Central Europe now
> Everything has an end, only the sausage has two
I am really allergic to the "why are whites wealthier than blacks, dont mean to be racist sorry" - how the fuck is that racist, its a fact.
History, dislike towards institutions, church is not seen as relevant in the society but rather as backward, young people are ultra irreligious and older people are not that obsessed by church neither.
They took the necessary steps to build the state in a viable form and even though we took big hits in the 20th century, we are still here - as an independent nation, in charge of our own destiny - thanks to Masaryk
That's why Western powers didn't get involved, there wasn't anyone allied to them
For example the Swiss city of St
>I'd choose Zuzana Čaputová
Absolutely not, at least in my city
- [
I know, I'm looking it up right now
OP wrote Western Europe, so unfortunately we'll have to host one group of drunk tourists less.
Y'all acting like Germany is some third world country whose economy relies on US soldiers spending during their down time
What people in r/de think so far
And of course Czech related stuff
Miro sounds like the Slovak form though, was he Czech
Another "independent" search engine is Mojeek, also in trash phase currently
I recommend renting a cottage in [Russian taiga] no PC, no phone and no TV.
It feels like Czech republic spanning over a greater area and with generational wealth, meaning a larger number of gorgeous castles and fancy governmental buildings
If you find yourself in a built-up are you really shouldn't urinate anywhere outside toilets
I like them, because I live in a dry region of Czech Republic (South Moravia) and we don't get a lot of rain or water here, in summer most of our streams go dry and our crops die because of the dry summers
Iași. I really should visit Romania, because this "test" revelated that my knowledge of the country is shockingly lacking - I knew all the non-Romanian cities after Iași but not the Romanian ones
all Czech gems
I think It's a shame we eat these super inteligent creatures
Zhubni = lose some weight
Edit: Cool
You could also say political correctness isnt well received here
Hello, I named John, like to you knowing
We have Kofola which is little better
Oh, I totally forgot about E. M., agree, this fucker is the worst (as most traitors (not Snowden and others alike tho))
Build up the ecosystems so that users are encouraged not to switch and you're all set
Some of them are still dual citizens so there's hope for future deportations.
Maybe because schools are for teaching, and not for brainwashing
Euro is accepted in big chain stores, border areas, big cities.
But also used for propaganda purposes, children/citizen indoctrination etc.
I really like the German name Bohemia, but technically it's just the western of three regions.
No safe spaces - fighting keeps us fit.
They are not plowing deep enough because it cost diesel - better to get subisidies and throw poison around
There's even a short story without vowels:
I loved that because I was introduced to it during vacation in Itally when I was stuck the whole day indoors one day and this was the only thing I could watch
From what I heard it's common, but not always the case.
"has Schengen altered your life in any way?"
Good urban planning is intuitive and doesn't require being on high alert 100% of the time when moving around in a street
Maybe one day, they tell you they need a third one for a game of mariáš (a card game for three players) if you wanna join or if you've got a skill to offer or an interesting story to share etc
Sorry no ř means you are no competition :p
Do you really ? I never heard of that
don't you think we might as well stop messing around with Kelvin and have [everyone use Celsius instead]
Eating and hotell/room are the big costs while travelling, and also transportation to/from the areas.
Kurva is the superior swear word
I really hoped we were past this stage.
It is a bitch to read tho, háček ftw
Which is exactly how I'm proposing Catalonia to gain independence.
All of them (with the exception of 2015-2019 they weren't that terrible), since nobody really cares about Eurovision (except me, but I'm weird AF)
Ah yes, the good old days
Lesser evil
quite often as I am using an airport located right next to military airport.
"Hodit ručník do ringu" - to throw a towel in the (boxing) ring, meaning to give up
Someone actualy thought that
You can call him Bohemian but not Czech
And I wear old t shirts and hoodies so they get some use and the newer ones don't wear out that quickly
We have the same story
Or good ol' Gaddafi's Libya which used to be the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya.
Historically already was the catholic capital a few times during the Hussite wars, and was the second royal town in the kingdom anyway
In 1897, there was an ethnic unrest between Czechs and Germans in Prague which led to imposing martial law.
...from his book "On the Nature of Things".
But technically he's not a foreigner as he holds citizenship by birth
Wait, that's OUR thing
Czech language has highly phonemic orthography, meaning almost everything is written as it sounds
In your own words:
It could potentially stay almost intact (just frozen, slightly burned and dried up) for billions of years.
I wish they were European military bases but I don't really mind them, certainly better than Soviet military bases
Everyone here knows the poem Máj (May) by Karel Hynek Mácha, but it isn't as widely known outside the czech republic as the examples OP listed
The 2013 [Nagyová case] A managing director in the prime minister Nečas' cabinet (later revealed to be his lover, and is his current wife) was found to have abused her position for unauthorized use of intelligence services to spy on the prime minister's wife (now ex-wife)
Small facial piercings are considered normal for women regardless of age, in their case they are seen simply as contemporary fashion elements
With him I would probably place there Dvořák a Tyl
8-1 euro in stores and up to 2 euros in restaurants
He is a snake oils salesmen
Yes you can, since the human brain is not infinite and our capabilities for transferring knowledge to our children are also quite limited.
Chileans said after this, that it was not planned for him to take it, but had he asked, he'd had been welcome to keep it (diplomacy)
I've learnt mostly from playing videogames and watching series, school wasn't that ifluential even though I learnt a lot there
In the end it's about being content with what you have and improving what is within your power to improve
If you gonna throw around these serious accusations like confetti, they will eventually become meaningless
I am sorry polish brothers, but putting together most atheist nation with most religious one would be just insane idea
Agreed, also Johannes is really nice
I think you are wastly overestimating that percentage.
I struggle with the English th, or the French r, or the German ü.
Flaktürme are absolutely breathtaking constructions
and once Christmas ends, Easter stuff just immediately appears in stores, like what the hell
As someone who knows three+ slavic languages, i absolutely HATE english pronounciation
I wonder which of you two has a better grasp of what is and isn't important to Russia
You could probably cluster the songs by this metric, each cluster would have popular songs and less popular songs
I may be wrong, but I think he spoke some Moravian too (but only a few words)
I didn't even dare to enter a restaurant.
I'd argue our oldest friend would be Poland, or even more specifically Silesia( + Klodzko, I'm not sure if they count as Silesia or not)
He is legitimizing their actions through his own action
3-6 usually green apples, golden delicious, Spartan, gala, jonagold
Even if it's just Biden's skeleton sitting in the Oval Office, it's better than Trump
Hopefully not, I would like to continue having friendly relations with the US, but it depends on how he would act when in office.
You mean people put pasta in the cold water
Tollerance and open borders are a hell of a drug for a nation
To be precise, it is inconsistent
Critique of the ocupation now is useless and cheap since it's 51 years old event
That's why you shouldn't call us Eastern Europe
> Apparently you can't disable it
Currently Miroslav Kalousek
If I learned one thing in my (not so many) years, it's that every country has something interesting going for it
Like the Roman author Ovidius Naso
While in Czechia, they are either totaled and sold to Poland, where they are used to legalize cars stolen from Germany, or stolen to Poland for spare parts used to repair totaled cars
You have to teach children money discipline
It'd be a much safer method than trying to devise your own surname based on some rules you can only guess at
Škodolibost - enjoyment of someone else's misery
Modern artillery should be enough to destroy the entire city.
How often do you eat baked beans
It's not appropriate use of force to shoot someone who is threatening you with a wooden stick.
5 minutes drive with my car to the train staion, 25 minute long train ride, few minutes to walk to the bus stop, 10 minutes long bus ride, 5 minutes walk to school and you are done or just take the car and be there after 25 minutes
are u okay
It’s close to perfect
As somebody who's never smoked a cigarette in his life and has actually worked in a restaurant, I think it's bullshit
Warms ma heart
You can get it at almost any food stall on the street
No One Does
It's like going back to the dark ages
Noped out it very quickly
Press "G" to gentrify
Elementary school starts by only having morning classes (approximately 8 - 12), in later grades you start having afternoon classes first once a week and then 2-3 days a week
Or tornadoes
National Gallery
Our favorite King Charles IV was also a Roman Emperor and he was not the only one
Our economy stands and fall with Germany and EU in general.
We have this thing called "poslední zvonění" (last ringing) where you wear costumes (soldier, worker, witch, whatever
Yes, but only on dividends
looting in 3, 2
The Czech part is also so on-rails (or atleast that's what it felt like to me) that it's impossible to go very deep into the subject, so rudimental Czech will probably do lol
I can so-so tolerate shrimp but the idea of crabs, lobster, mussels etc and food makes my stomach turn
that name or "hobo park"
Actually the Turkish independence war is an unknown fact itself, you don't even need to go into details
Sounds like what's going in a lot of countries, ours included
They should be able to file, sort etc.
We are a small country with egalitarian society, we have low inequality just like Scandinavia.
I am in if we get Arnold Schwarzernegger to return to his drowning homeland, shooting the water with a giant automatic from a helicopter and shouting at the drowning Austrians "Get to the choppa
Heck, he kinda despise Trump as incompetent failed businessman
Now it looks like Polish, not Czech or English
), we say "Jsi Maďar
Top 10 practical jokes that went too far
Also there is another view, that for material used (sawdust, shives, glue
Prime minister later resigned, still defends his (current) wife
A few years later someone mentioned "kids table" when talking about their Thanksgiving family gathering, so I remembered Florence's song, googled "kids and adults tables" and found out that families actually do have kids dining at a different table or even in a different room
At least neither of us is Fanatic Xenophobe and Spiritualist
I love Spanish cuisine more than most others
But in such case, it would be rather unnecessary, since NATO already has many EU members in it and it has a common defence clause which is (externally) more valuable than EU alone since it has American military weight behind it
Scottish Gaelic
Apple's home territory would be the US, Nokia would be leader in Europe and Android would dominate in developing countries
He wasn't elected because of his pro-Russian views though.
When interacting with real people in Warsaw or Krakow I could also understand most of the times, although I had a feeling I can understand Poles better than they can understand me
Where the hole is supposed to be, there is now small church
And most of them are former military guns too
Baggins is "Pytlík" in Czech
Occasionally when I need a lot of stuff or something heavy I bring a backpack, but that's quite rare.
The true is there is really no socialist country in Europe
Is that similar to slivovice that we have
Czechoslovakia split into two separate countries in January 1993 - the Czech Republic and Slovakia
Absolute motherfuckin retard
We won't be blamed for you angering Russia.
They're fucking imbeciles whose demagoguery could cause the greatest economic and geopolitical disaster this country has experienced since 1989
I’m from the Walachia region and there plums are often referred to as slivky
You have source for this statistic of yours or did you just pull it out of your ass?
The whole world is basically laughing at how soft they are with their illegal immigrants and welfare abusers.
I once had to run back home across the street because I forgot my keys and some unfortunate woman happened to be in front of me
> sare = "salt", but also "he/she jumps"
We "haven't decided" because there is a difference between "patro" and "podlaží". When using patro, it should be 0/P 1 2 3 4 5
The Polish [National anthem]
general rule of university in Europe - there are much fewer Bachelor's programs in English than Master's, so your possibilities will be limited in that regard.
This kind of pre-emptively defensive nationalism unfortunately gets misapplied to things like the EU as the knee-jerk emotional response to EU politics isn't "hey, a group we voluntarily joined as an active member is doing something", rather "great, how are the foreigners trying to fuck us now
Czech Technical University > Charles University when it comes to IT imho
tap watter all the way
Of course, you can alter it
And he was "only" prime minister, not member of the  Central Committee of the Party
It serves exactly the same purpose as our permanent military force (help during any environmental or other crisis and obviously to help defend the country), with the exception that it doesn't take part in any foreign military affairs.
Roma - yes (they're not East Asians though).
Background of the reign of the most successful ruler of the Bohemia - Charles the IV
As long as they were operated from USA, it was underground and dangerous
Everytime a tourist has an accident anywhere in Slovakia, people joke that it must have been a Czech.
Your example happens more regularly, but it really works both ways
And Jewish people are pretty much not known here
I love languages and I’m currently trying to learn Norwegian
He will turn 180° once the referendum is over.
I see, thanks
I don't understand that statistic at all, they aren't a much visible part of out society here, so there's no reason to hate on them imo
Excuse you
Nuremberg and Regensburg are a good choice.
No, seriously, tell me one interesting thing
Yes, Liechtenstein
So yeah, I was right about the subtitles.
So I simplifed the letters to the point, that most of my handwriting is basically a print with some cursive influence
I mean at least in our parliament, majority of those dudes never really had a real job, and they have no real field of expertise
It's used when someone reports something totally not harmful to anyone
I think Germany is exporting weapons to so many countries all around the world and I mean to countries that really just want them for protection
- až na to, že se nikdy nenechal korunovat
Every insurance has a limit
We generally say *"Na zdraví!"* which means something like "For health" and it is also the same phrase we use for toasting as "Cheers!".
And considering they already were fished out the ponds long ago and sold in huge cisterns, starving for who knows how long, packed with all the other carps and then taken home most times in plastic bag and in the end, they are lucky if the person is actually able to kill them quickly and on the first try
1939-1945
Never been in Brno's tunnels, but you are completely right
I don't see how Metro D, rail line to Vaclav Havel airport or trams on Václavské náměstí are badly executed projects, since the construction works on them didn't even properly start
every two or three weeks we can hear "Last hospital in Aleppo was bombed" and this goes over two years.
The purpose is to be able to conjugate the word in a sentence
You can usually recover from the former but you can't recover from the latter
Most Germans freak out when you tell them people even carry guns here
More info about gun categories here:  [
From one countryman to another, I just have to ask: do you actively dislike our country as a whole, or do you just have a feeling of not belonging (being apathetic, I guess)
(Added the last two in an edit)
Plus we are not really keen on weak forms of vowels
Every ideology wants to spread, that's hardly unique to alt-right/religion.
10 minutes to go in UK
Sometimes it’s stuff like olives, but sometimes it can be a health hazard - like cube of yeast
I'm personally ok with the English name Czech
It was ruled as clear self-defense because he had no other option to save his life
Read [this collum]
That implies removing Assad from power and replacing him with someone acceptable enough for most.
Fun fact: a full day ticket for ČD trains costs 599 Kč (22,88€)
And I'm not even a full-time worker, since I'm also still studying.
Ex post "scientific" theories about inevitability of WWI.
or go a little further and show how we only went from one totaliarian regime to another
Aye, that's true, my dislike for learning french was probably caused by my teacher who didn't bother to explain the things we didn't understand, when you're falling behind for 2 years, it's hard to catch up
You have it wrong
tunisian looking dude had to show them his bagpack.
While we were talking pictures, some guy about out age and his mum stopped to take a photo as well
We build huge walls to keep it out.
Old city, great atmosphere, great bars, pubs and restaurants, and it is cheap for tourists.
if I didn't stalk /r/de, I wouldn't know it exists.
You guys are disciplined
Many Czechs incorrectly say "actually" when they want to say aktuálně in English
Liberec
It's harder for them to escape the low class circle since many live in poverty and they lack role models.
Some cuts should be done though.
Was
And for other Czechs who live outside of Prague
It's more difficult to learn grammatical gender when both your mother tongue and the foreign one have them and they're clashing.
Czechia +-10 years ago scrapped destníky, dvacetníky (0,1 and 0,2 CZK coins) Few year ago we cancelled even padesátníky (0,5 CZK coins) All price are rounded up or down in shop when paying with cash
Actually the Turkish independence war is an unknown fact itself, you don't even need to go into details
The top 5 you typed is maybe during the WWII, but the medieval history is mostly about Austria and Germany
Only partially
Contact lenses, sugar cubes, propeller
Fuck these people
It comes from the word *němý* which today means **mute**.
Problem is we humans will never understand God or how he thinks
Remember that some doors are just painted
Famous cathedrals are definitely visited by many more tourists than actual churchgoers, that's true, but lots of the tourists also come there _because_ they're Catholics/Christians themselves
as Slusny_Cizinec wrote in his comment earlier
I've only been to Devon when it comes to the British Isles and I have no problem understanding Scouse
* Jan Ámos Komenský
Everywhere I ordered the same Caramel Macchiato and personally the worst was in Spain
Weren't they Kings in Prussia instead of "of"?
We also had euro qualifier against Kosovo last year and both away and at home we had regular people cheer that kosovo is serbia
Because Slovak nationalists would never ever buy Czechia Chips
A month later thousands of muslims march the street of London to protest against the caricatures
I'd say it's the other way around, Brno doesn't have inferiority complex, Prague has superiority complex
Why on Earth would China want to conquer Europe?
He is the one that officially names the generals or professors into office
Yeah, there are a lot of American companies that have this mentality
Frequent responses when abroad.
He only took the post because he was needed, knowing it would be a shitshow
Ours wasn't a famous dictatorship, just a regular run-of-the-mill communist dictatorship, but making fun of it, not to mention talking about it, is pretty commonplace and not taboo at all
Czech President congratulates Biden and invites him to visit Prague (Trump never did and never invited Zeman to USA either)
You're right, I still think the data for Czech Republic is wrong as my experience with people living outside of Prague is, that they are barely able to pay bills and have any money to spare
What a barbaric crime to put sauce on perfectly fine, crispy schnitzel
Seriously, this feature is attiributed in late Latin writings from Africa
Czechia was accepted as an official shorter version a few years ago, since a lot of the countries around us are also republics but have other, more convenient names (e.g. people call it Slovakia and not the Slovak Republic)
Although it doesn't have the same ring to it
It causes a lot confusion in english lessons
There are about 300 000 such permits and under some estimates, even up to 7% of households have a self defence gun permit
Same here
But that’s what they wanted
same plus playing on playground with other kids
Water scouts are quite popular here too, they do a lot of canoying and river tourism, which is very popular vacation in Czechia
Still a thing here
The maximum price of COVID test is currently set by the government so no company can charge more
Fried cheese in a roll
It's not like anyone is actually patrolling Pripyat during the day.
Here is mine theory: It seems, that more traditional and macho countries find transgender people less controversial than gay people.
If the current one will fail, the new one would continue in these shits and no one would actually notice except people with hobbies like memorizing names of heads of ministry of agriculture...
That isn't really better is it
But I really couldn't think of anyone else who would be hated by the most Czechs
indefinite and definite articles as we don't have them and it looks to us as complete useless.
Maybe it is hidden underground with its grand forges, where we search for the heart of the mountains
15-20 is denim jacket weather
So no, Babiš doesn't support further European integration per se, just because of some ideological setting, however he does support some forms of further integration because he thinks that those particular forms could be profitable.
don't get me wrong, sure it sucks that some celebrities died.
It's the default position
rank among countries with low obesity/overweight index while Hungary, UK, Malta have high percentage of obese/overweight people.
Don't eat out at the city center, it's all extremely overpriced
10 CZK can get you a croissant or 0,5 liters of juice
I have heard “jdu do kelu” only in Moravia, especially in Ostrava
It starts with the bartender recognising you were there before, he may ask "As usual
I begged my brain not to convert it to CZK
Can also attach a trailer to our car or there is a friend with pickup car but some friend with van is always available so most comfortable way always win
Hodí se ti ten čas
This was 20 years ago which was much different.
Or watching grandsons digging in the mud
Avoid Euronet, Moneta and Česká spořitelna ATMs
Sadly, the poeple you want in politics mostly dont want to be there and vice versa
Great stuff
Pistol rounds are mostly too slow to really cause hydrostatic shock
Lovely part of the world
Ah ok sorry
While I agree with most of what you said, I think you are thinking of western Europe
I mean your expectation of Czechs not understanding it wasn't exactly unfounded - we have jokes about how is Hungarian language completely uncomprehensible compared to basically any other language :D
Sorry, I think I watched too much US politics, that I even thought of this question
So i assume if we don't sound like Russians then Germans is the next easiest answer
Hans Solo
I've never played it and I don't think I ever saw the figures IRL.
Good luck with that
Slackers
Pheasants: only frozen ones and quite rarely
It is a police force inside the army (although still part of the police force)
Nice post, but as far as i know Czech Republic still has about 10,5+ million people.
Slavador Dali leved there for 50 years.
However, nobody was in fact killed and the student was actually a Secret Police agent Ludvík Zifčák.
FOR FIVE MINUTES
Pít
it makes me feel good and bad at same time.
It is a popular misconception
Paris wasn’t even that bad compared to the piles of garbage on every street in Rome
The baltics are cut off from any major army.
Just for non-czech redditors
The Czech service BIS practically sent anyone who was active before the democratic transition packing and then built a completely new agency with the help of the British intelligence.
So it doesnt matter as much, even if hes their man
Uff, sorry, I confused you guys with Předlice
Its most basic and cheapest furniture you can buy NEW for that price
Vysočina - Alabama of Czech republic
We do have snow, but it's laughably small amount
can confirm, based on my experience polish priests are pretty decent
It's not that you can really "not know how to iron", but it's fucking pointless for most people
"Are you hungry
* Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk
I also watched the other German stuff available on Netflix, like How to sell drugs online or Issi und Ossy and loved all of it
You know you are also encouraging Le Pen voters by this, right
Poland I would say from Czech republic, due to bad trading reputation, source of bad food, reckless drivers doing u-turns on highways and ignoring train crossing signals etc...
It protects property operated by the Ministry of Defence
In Slavic mythology, vodyanoy, vodyanoi, vodník, wodnik, hastrman or Wassermann is a male water spirit often depicted as a frog man or a little green man in green suit
it's International Students' Day today)] Nov.
There is always going to be some level of disagreement between countries
I've grown up in peaceful Europe, so I wouldn't say it feels strange
I would say majority of the people around me feel the same way.
Diffferent maps have different borders
You have started it
In this sense i thing we would be one of the least impacted countries in Europe
Same here
We have it that the one at street level is called "přízemí", which would be translated to something like "near ground". The next floors are called 1st, 2nd, etc
The jokes have been flying here for several months
flaška-Flasche (bottle)
Most of them belonging to the elderly
*Miroslav* sounds like a king, *Mirek* just like a regular guy
How do you measure that
well, Remek was a member of the European Parliament between 2004 and 2013
And you basically said you used only them which alone doesn't determine a total ordering, that's way I couldn't find the sorting key I was finding key for a total order.^*
I would like to know how many people here thinks Panzani pasta is an Italian brand...
once you post from Portugal you are not safe
The whole reason why it is today neutral and not part of NATO was because they took advantage of the Soviet Union's instability after Stalin's death and negotiated the Soviet withdrawal for perpetual neutrality in 1955
>Walking sticks and hiking boots for a trail which locals do on flip flops and Moretti
In casual setting, usually no
The most iconic is certainly "vole" (=castrated bull)
Yes
Older generation would have no idea what it is and the younger generation if they use e-mail say just mail
No, I'm not saying that, I'm basically saying that Max Martin achieved a great feat, but it's short of godlike
We do lock at night
* rád: adverb "gladly"
And the "beasts"? Well Heydrich was killed by the Anthropoid group and was the highest ranking Nazi assasinated during WW2
Wow, TIL that our neighbors have almost no KFC’s whereas we have a ton of them
John didn't speak Czech
So a pareto improvement would mean to allocate more state support to those who were economically and socially disadvantaged by neoliberal policies after 1980?
Thank you
Aren't these both things common in whole Europe
[The old ones] were a piece of laminated paper and a bit too large but we recently (a few years back) switched to [plastic ones] in a size of a standard credit card.
So, this is a long video, a big part of it is in Czech, but basically, she doesn't speak english that well
I suspect it could have something to do with the older generations (and Czechs in general) relying so much on lunches in school and workplace cafeterias - you could basically go your whole life from preschool to retirement home eating in cafeterias, and for dinner, you could survive on some bread and butter every night until you got a wife to cook for you
It's mainly Praha vs Brno but it applies to the the whole country
I haven't really seen them depicted as significantly gendered entities, like in kids' books they mostly had generic smiley faces or something like that
Salaries are low for students and rents are high, so you won't be able to afford a car until you're in mid twenties.
Now, I don't believe Ubi could do the story justice
Sounds like something a formal language theory student would come up with
You know what would be the best thing to do?
At least in Czechoslovakia, there were a dozen for each finger.
But he asked eastern Europeans...
We don't have modern laws regarding LGBT.
There are some people who did actually get the offices not to add the suffixes to their surname
Charles himself was a very cosmopolitan person, and spoke French, German, Latin ad Czech
I think rightfully so too
You're the EU as well, just like Benelux or Visegrad countries, so naturelly you should voice your opinion instead of just accepting whatever someone else decides.
While automation has created new jobs in the past and will create jobs in the future, we are automating more jobs than we create and the jobs we create need more skill and knowledge than ever before.
I actually used to care about the US politics way more than my country's. Now I mostly care about domestic politics, but I'm also interested in Poland's and Slovak politics and vaguely of most other countries, even those outside Europe or North America
Stuttgart - crowdy af, not nice
Even shady looking neighborhoods where the protagonist can have his 1st safehouse
If so, are all eurozone countries fine with a fiscal union?
Everybody keeps saying how insane the drinking age is, but they don’t actually know shit about the reason
Yeah, that sounds about right
Iran is now Iraq's largest trading partner
But there's one period that doesn't get much attention, unlike other long periods of warfare (Dutch war of independence, Thirty-years-war etc
Also, "kolej" means both a rail and student dormitory, I don't know why
I’ve only heard of (and participated in) the national conversational competition
Der frenc, áj grýd jú on behalf of d soušl demokratyk of d ček rypablik, áftr sevn jírs in d opozišn, vy hev von d elekšn lást jír. Vyár trrning aur kántry tuvorc juropjien integrejšn. Vynýd e juropijen junión vič vil help as modernájs aur ekonomy en krejt džops
Is the English any good or is it just basic sayings?
They president can veto a law, but the parliament can just approve it again and he cant veto it again
No, not really
Here's a list of the big official meetings and co-ops between our two countries, politically and business-wise
about 8 times since fall of AH empire
Given how often I see Lauterbrunnen on Reddit, I'm surprised it's not overcrowded with Redditors
People like to forget that Albanians and Bosniaks exist.
k - to
Also Honor makes more sense now because Rex is king
Used cars
Here in Prague you can hear classic music sometimes from churches or on squares - through Christmas, Easter or on Day of families that was recently played by Czech army band.
"If you can't handle me at my Brexit, you don't deserve me at my Remain
Like half of the pictures are some weird rolls filled with sausages/ham/meat/pepperoni and so on.
It confused me, that Bohemia is in the same colour as Kingdom of Germany and not differentiated like Kingdom of Italy (also HRE part).
It’s a bit of a loop logic, but through declension is how we find the category the noun falls in
And if I needed alcohol to bring with me to party I just grabbed a bottle of moonshine that I could get for free from one of my neighbours, haha
Its building was recently renovated, too
Czech language is actually translated quite often, but I don’t mind having it in english
I'm sure there are plenty subjects in school I would normally really enjoy, but the environment and the fact that it's forced takes away the joy in it and makes it kind of annoying
If the load is so big so even 2 Fabias or Octavia can’t haul it, renting a van is always great cheap option
> I don't understand how you can be a manager in a company and *not* realize this
Specifically, it was talking about Sweden's covid strategy and how it still had a lot of support despite the fact that it wasn't working
tbh I eat it like a few times a a year in the winter, cause there's a stand near my house that's selling them for like 40Kč for a big one
I mean part of the problem is them being expats and not just immigrants as anyone else
Generally, piercings and tattoos are so common nowadays, walking on the streets it's pretty common to see someone with piercing/tattoos/tunnels in the ears etc
Yes, we are civilized place like THE REST OF THE FUCKING WORLD FUCKING AMERICANS
Also it looks to me any spaghetti with minced meat, tomato sauce and cheese are bolognese.
Apparently it's supposed to get lot colder later on during the year due to ice bergs melting in South Pole
25€ deposits on cans and plastic bottles like they have in germany
Just because we have relatively lenient gun laws does not mean that it's completely normal to carry weapons, the vast majority of people don't carry any guns, people who do carry guns are like 3% of the overall population
> The telephone (screw you Bell, it was our guy alright)
Brno just doesn't have a good location - from my home town, it is like 5
Then I will also add shocking fact about Czechia
Federalisation is the only viable future
In hockey when we're knocked out, I usually cheer for US since I got friends there
I was born across the street from that church
Western Ukraine makes some amount of sense
Slovenian in general is somewhat harder to make out for us compared to Croatian for example
But anyway its not that other countries dont allow certain guns, but the Czech Republic allows people to actually carry guns for self-defence
I'm just too poor
We don't speak our neighboring languages on daily basis
Who decides which of these 2 options is European
Yes, there was a fairly strong anti-immigration consensus, but that doesn't automatically right-wing sub.
I already did move, so it's a little bit of cheating.
There’s a lot of universities you can choose from
You know, looking at Italian banks, the next crisis might be nearer than we think.
It's still in the range of hundreds of thousands per year + many governments allow for family reunification which adds many thousands more.
Or Russia
so the period before a is wrong in this case "že čeština je úplně jiný, a každá věc, kterou se dozvím, mi dělá radost"     (and for the same reason there should not have to be peridod before mi)
k = toward
I kinda-learned Spanish because I spend more than a month there yearly for the last 10 years
My words exactly
As with every sport, it is only popular when our countrymen are doing well.
I think some schools have it as a choose able subject in the 7th grade
While I still love Italian cuisine, I've become a bit sceptical about every Italian claiming to be a cook
Never gotten to this point but I'm literally bilingual now
Same - model making, manga, Japanese music - Japanese everywhere
I knew it must exist outside as well, but had no idea how to find what it's call in english
I remember that there was only a yearly one and that my colleagues planned crazy routes to circumvent it
Next to ankle
is also a national holiday
Warcraft 3
Because the law doesn't include any provisions how to unname a chancellor
Maybe Germany is the winner in production but Czech Republic is more than winner in consumption of beer per capita
The system of verbal description is fixed and constructed to descript coats of arms very exactly.
ATMS - just dont withdraw, you can pay with card pretty much everywhere
I don't see how
" so they went on to salt the streets in September
He is the one that officially names the generals or professors into office
I read an interesting article on this a couple of days ago
heh
I go over there every year for a vacation
we have nothing like that, and thanks God for that.
Czech women are in fact not the sexiest on earth.
(Do you have a black man behind your butt
You don't do reflexive pronouns
MR308 is pretty sweet, I just wish it wasnt that damn expensive
Owning a gun to protect yourself from criminal having a gun, in EU, is pure paranoia.
Danes are so generous, we would arrest them at the airport and they would never see sunlight.
The beautiful irony of Austria complaining about the Evil Hungarian Fence and then building their own...eh...'totallynotfence' corridor.
Europe has no need for Aircraft carrier
But I guess it's not stereotype because there are actual cases when children were take away from foreign parents for no reason
The fuck does India have to do with Tibet
In Czech it's veverka, i wonder what the origin is
If Russia was normal, it would have been even more benefitial position.
It comes from "Schreibtafel", a small writing table that was used by shop/pub-owners to write down debts
Well, four pirates actually sit in that room
Also under National Museum, due to leaking water, there is small cave with stalactites and stalagmites
There is an entrance in most of my towns basements including mine
&#x200B;
This whole poem is linguistically interesting, because Czech language by default stresses the first sillable in every word, but reading this poem makes you always stress every other sillable (it's called jamb), very unnatural way of speaking in Czech, but at the same time it sounds good
Forced and coerced sterilizations of Romani women were happening from the 1970s until 1990s, with at least one known case as recent as 2007
What people need is education and conversation!
Probably Slovakia
awesome, these guys working at support role, thanks a lot.
Engineering degree in what exactly?
Our 19th cenutry writer and revivalist Karel Havlíček Borovský was an ethusiastic panslavist in his youth, then he travelled to Russia to finally meet the great and free Slavic nation and after that, he became the strongest opponent of panslavism here
EU as a whole, with comparable population to the US, has on average 260,000 new daily cases the past few days compared to US's 120,000 cases yesterday
Anybody been there before
I'm not sure I ever was at the train station he's talking about, but I seriously doubt it's as bad as he's making it out to be (or maybe I just walk around the pretty parts of Prague).
Looks like a great place to get lost.
Shame though, it's such a cool rifle if you don't mind the design.
Really
They do a lot of investigating stuff and exposed some political scandals
Alps are huge so there can be cheapest place but from my experience Andorra costs about 10-20% less than alps.
Guess who is he meeting today
I personally like Brighton and Hastings
Idea of getting of paying full rent is crazy
The only reason they are now celebrated is because communist regime glorified them a lot (because they fought against catholics) and used them for propaganda
We say often, vulgary, "v nějaký prdeli" which translates to "In some asshole"
Its original inspiration are [dolan comics] and "dolan" upside down looks like "polan(d)".
That's very easy in our case - Slovakia - both in terms of culture, shared history, language similarities and social connections.
Sauna is basically finnish exposure therapy for warmer climate
An organised German substate was something fiercely fought against during Austria-Hungary, and by extension, federation was not on the list
I like it, because it just makes writing quicker
I'm afraid eventually the Chinese will just copy all of Germany's innovations and stop buying their products.
Never been in Brno's tunnels, but you are completely right
oPpOrTuNitY, sTaBiLiTy
And I don't think I've ever seen a unisex facilities here either.
As for languages, I can understand Slovak and speak a bit and I tried to learn at least some basic phrases in Romanian when I was younger
There are literally thousands of ways Czech-out would completely crush us, and this needs to be explained in simple terms to the voters before they get totally brainwashed by the Russian age-- err, I mean "Czech patriots".
Well if there's some central agency taking care of the funding, then I'm also fine with that.
Some guys from Chile was doing their world wide trip and lived in hotel next doors during their Prague stay
What is your guyses opinion on what is currently happening in Macedonia?
did you read my comment till the end?
I'm certain we would like it
* RU: Спасибо
I lived there, and learned the language, so I am very aware of that
But I personally bet on Russia too.
This is way worse in its nature than the retributions after the war
Definitely considering moving there in the future, though your dialect makes my German feel a tad useless sometimes
Best beer in the world, And all those sausages
Juncker drunk as usual, nothing to see here.
They need to ensure that it's possible to dispute those automatic claims and they have to reviewed in a timely manner by a human
Like in English, you don't think it's weird that Jack can be a diminutive of Jonathan and Jacob and James
Pirate Party has 17 percents in polls here
It seems these words will have similar origin in central European countries (or maybe originally catholic countries), because in Czech the word is "andělíčkářka", which could also be translated as "someone who makes angels" (which by itself is strange, because these fetuses would not be baptized and as such should not be able to get to heaven)
I am sure it is going you well :) Do you have a Czech heritage or are you just interested in Czech culture
Well, my comment was entirely based on my personal experince from my visits of Africa and China
Goose = lumbago
Not exactly, it's made from that word which is robota (and it's still used as synonymum for hard work in Czech and for work in Slovak), so he made robot from that, as robota is femininum and robot masculinum
Most of the time they need German language tho, as they mainly export to three of our neighbors (the exception is Poland for some reason, dunno why) but sometimes Swedes order stuff, so that's where I come into play
Serbia doesn’t I agree
Some lines are for other actors
Yes of course, universal healthcare is something all countries should have
But
You know, sharing the burden and the responsibility.
I think thats a bad thing
I don't know about you personally, perhaps you're far better, but I am speaking from experience
Yeah these type of people can spend their whole day in a truck and when they come home, they play ETS on their triple monitor setup with direct drive steering wheel and a racing chair and what not
or formal)
Love how you can always tell where the Czech borders are on these maps
Man, that was a royal PITA
I personally buy products with original label i.e.
They are very comfortable
I have Gmail is for spam and other bs and my Seznam account for serious emails
It was illegal to protest in the USSR as well but it still collapsed.
Basicaly it means a candidate for membership must be a stable democratic state with rule of law and functional market economy.
In movies and TV shows everyone addressed each other comrade, but in normal life and in normal situations it wasn't common, at least in 80s.
Here in the Czech Republic some people are married or have families in Slovakia so people visit them regulary
If there's a table dedicated to the pub regulars and you're not one, you don't sit there even if it's empty
The school curriculum is to my best knowledge everywhere the same
When you are the 30
[This] is what the Czech one looks like.
Burning witches
You might want to see a psychologist, Compulsive User Page Stalking (CUPS) is a real problem these days, affects 1 out of 3 redditors.
For me it's more of urban design and the roads
It’s allright many people do that (about half of ústí does it) so i don’t take it badly
most of my colleages and other people in /r/czech think similarily
The problem is, that in this case there was nothing at the supermarket.
Otherwise we'll be hitting the limits of our current economic model pretty soon.
But yes, modern age inventions like newspapers, radio,TV or internet has bring us closer together since our language is so similar
Perhaps if that's even possible
Dobře ty
Romania also has interests in Moldova which Russia currently occupies in the form of Transnistria.
I don't know about food in general, but your beans (e.g. Heinz baked beans) are insanely cheap
used to live on opposite side of border, just want to add, not all roads or streets had border posts, some of them were simple blocked and closed (as border post was somewhere in vicinity) and it was just reopened after CZ joined Schengen.
If they manage to change the direction and establish "new normal" they may become successful or even great, otherwise not.
I kinda lost the drive to travel TBH, I'm not sure if I'll be in the mood to go abroad any time soon even with no restrictions
Why do you even comment on this thread
I think the cartoon is at least one year old
I don't usually go for the brooding type, but Estonia is kinda doing it for me ngl
> That's right, Norway gets 99% of our energy from renewable(hydropower)
We have one in the kitchen because there was nowhere else to put it.
Do not eat during meals on the stage
What is wrong with í,ý? Or ě,š,č,ř,ž,á,é,ó,ú,ů,ň,ť ? :D
And I don't like how "Czechia" sounds It is like Slovakia
I am saying that Obama right now is pretty popular, as he was after his inauguration while Trump is historically and unprecedantally unpopular.
To be honest, I have no problem pronoucning Zbigniew or Zdislaw, but Arkadisz is harder
It was ruled as clear self-defense because he had no other option to save his life
I like "die Nutella" more for some reason but it may be just that I don't like Nutella
Also you are denied some service that you finance cause reasons
It's not rare, that Czechs and Slovaks have different view on the historical events.
I find it hilarious that the Finnish have a sauna code of ethics
Many people were just catholic on the paper, because it was kind of expected from you during A-H monarchy.
It seems, that Germany is one of the biggest candidates.
2 is such an insane nonsense
* Chrt pln skvrn zhltl hrst zrn
Are you challenging us
In Czech--Drug
Don’t buy trdelnik
I should also mention that nearly the entire Europe has masks required indoors
There is this nice movie:
You mean why wasn't USSR sanctioned for redrawing internal borders between two regions of their country?
See the black "ghosts" around the top of the poles for example
Germans let nature to take care of it.
No, that's just your own prejudice
And most countries are not even ruled by parties one would consider nationalist
This sub wants more European integration,
Not that many young people use the slangs today, but it can be still challenging even with basic words that we use
Austria as it seems to be the closest to us
And Jáchymov used to be the second biggest city
Even ceremonial president can be very dangerous
Speaking is easier, writing at least half-decently is way, way harder
If you want, reply with a sentence I should write next
The sound of wood cracking in fire
And German economy is fully depending on fossil car production
But high schools already train you a in some field (usually the stuff you don't need university for - cooking, some basic tech stuff, services,..).
1948: victory February (communism in power in Czechoslovakia)
That one is a proper hinterland nowadays
As of present, the cars and the company are at its peak and growing
Well then obviously she won't be as big as a male.
And rn the president is kinda pushing our country towards more of a presidential country, rather than the parliamentary one
It's only allowed to give a child up to two first names
When in 1618 a group of townspeople in Prague decided to show their displeasure with the newly appointed government by simply throwing the governors out of the windows of the city hall into a pile of dung below
If you count all edits then this number is way too low
No offense, but people often get terrified once they see a car on a road that has "PL" on its license plate, especially when it comes to truck drivers
Sometimes I add a spoon of honey or cacao
I wish we had politicians as classy as he is in my country as well.
EU membership has solved / calmed down entirely the immense animosity between Hungarian minority and Slovakian state/majority.
After 200 years, 30 or so amendments are probably not enough
And in Czech, it's manure
At we can agree on that brother
It's not that he had a chance in the first place.
But it looks like it will get buried again now that the Slovak presidency ended and Maltese presidency might try to bring up quotas again.
He's calling me like every day
Statistics show correlation with dairy consumption, but that may be a coincidence, it actually seems to have something to do with collagen metabolism
After all Prague has always been the capital city
It seems that americans think that there can't be civilization anywhere in the world excecpt the USA lol
Prague's centre along with Charles Bridge is probably the most crowded area with all the infamous tourist traps
Thank god
I personally dislike it
Like for example **Read** does and doesn't ryme with **Lead** and can read like **Red**, but also doesn't have to and only way to know how to read it is from context
Sharing this experience
Some Czech here said expressing empathy and emotions in Czech is cringy
Poland what the fuck is wrong with you
not at all, why would you stay next hotdog stand when that thing is designed to be eaten during walking without problems
We would have teached those catholic Bavarians the beauty of glorious atheism.
Thank you very much for the recommendations, I appreciate it
Percentage of religious people in Czech Republic (1991-2011)
Every other country is from 2018 data
The closest words we've got which we would probably use in this situation is *fakan* or *spratek* which mean a bratty child in general
Policy wise, trump is a disaster
As an artsy person, i sometimes just go and have a nice weekend in museums in Vienna, Berlin or Munich
Although now I'm looking and you have "der Gorilla", "der Mozarella", and "das Straciatella". Dear god
August 1968 the game was about minimizig impact of the catastrophe caused by idiots like Dubček was, preventing bloodshed, deportations or executions (what all had happened in Hungary)
In English, Jonathan is shortened to John, James to Jim, Benedict to Ben, Timothy to Tim, Thomas to Tom
We use 1 234,56 in Czechia
For some reason, the taste is just strange and I generally prefer regular pasteurized milk
I also leave the keys in the lock
I think I have already seen this map months or even years ago
Considering reality, I take that as a win :D
Sector 5 Church
We had the biggers area expanse, all the way to adriatic sea, foreign masters came and taught us various crafts and also started mining of silver
Traditional Czech [*chlebíček*] (open sandwich):
I see that drawing brexit cartoons has become an industry of its own
So we are talking about 7-11% European population.
Česká republika dodržuje závazky, které pro ni vyplývají z mezinárodního práva
We had many small gold glitters rather than 1 long golden era
It was a bit embarassing honestly
this was worst possible way how to sell milk.
People tell me I look 24 at the most, though, and that's when I'm not wearing a mask
He is already dead, isn't he
you kiss your mother with that mouth, young man?
Would you want Europe to contribute more to space exploration?
We mostly use bricks and mortar, not stones
Last time in Taxi Taxi
Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg
I don't think it's very popular here, feel like only hardcore series fans know it but those who do love it
Pila in czech =saw (the tool)
Here in Sudetenland they suffer too, they need to join Reich.
Looks like you are getting sandwiched
We have the same thing but with Oklahoma
not only soviet army
That usually doesn't end well
Similarly the l-ł contrast (two l sounds) might be still retained
EU seems incapable of doing that.
And if someone is, then it is likely very personal and you will not even find out (people usually don't want to stand out)
Now if Britain, with its centuries of history as a global trading power is in such a mess, what do people think would happen in Czechia
The news article about him I read mentioned that the camel violated road laws, as it did not have anything reflective on itself
It's very easy, compared to the alternatives
There is beer company in the town named Budweiser Budvar, that is really Czech
Sort of
AKP is into conspiracy theories.
I have friends all over Europe and besides language I don't see much difference
Why would especially young people want to live in countries where they have to face enormous obstacles, when they can freely move elsewhere?
Challenging doesn't even begin to describe it.
Pretty abysmal but not all that surprising #AgentBureš
What doesn't help is the fact, that Roma often don't trust institutons and the majority, so they don't seek help or assistance.
But you can never tell after like 2 or 3 weeks
you are topping us by salary quite a lot
You know: Ordnung muss sein
I should also mention that nearly the entire Europe has masks required indoors
Ostrava
Not sure how exactly it spread here, but it did
Of course, Slovakia is not annexing Austrian territory; legally it remains Austria and Austrian laws and taxes apply
We use rock paper scissors as well but in different order, rock scissors paper (kámen nůžky papír)
The vast majority of rapes happen inside a family/friends circle.
But I mean, if they enjoy it, good for them
I like "die Nutella" more for some reason but it may be just that I don't like Nutella
His sentences often make no sense
No idea why, but even here, in a country next door, one can't get good halušky
Ok, so, in the 21st century you must kill and die to get independence.
I'd say it depends on the job/school we're talking about
They often won't be particularly nice to you and you often wait for a long time in a waiting room
The more refugees from their community come, the richer they get.
They don´t want to be registered in CZ, since we don´t pay in euros.
China still has a lot of extremly poor regions and uneducated people.
Here in Prague, I see most of them working though (low skilled jobs in construction, food industry, city services etc.).
But we still managed
It'd just be a waste of money and it could easily succumb to being a propaganda.
And would you consider it immoral to use a free service and block ads
Grown men of all ages smiled at me and tried to approach me, to the extent that my parents would not let me go anywhere without my dad's or older brother's escort.
Těší- oh
They translated bible into slavic language and they introduced slavic alphabet using modified greek letters.
Really
Docks, ships and James Bond films
>(or true intelligence equivalence, to avoid inevitable 'IQ doesn't mean shit' reply)
Pilsen is the home of Pilsner urquell, so it's a great place for a beer tour.
It all comes down to the way the question was asked
I mean, that is the correct transliteration
The closest thing to chavs here are probably gypsies or the people in cities that stick around them
But it is a tragedy of German politics, because to let one person run four terms as a chancellor contradict democratic exchange in leadership.
‘February’ in European languages
Gosh it is hard, when we have ,,words reffering to people" build in pronouns
Me, abstinent Czech person who doesn't like the taste of beer, wine or any other alcohol really
But the schools hard
Yeah, we have "učit/učit se" and "půjčit/půjčit si" (i.e. pożyczać sobie)
My girlfriend loves birds, so she's paying for my (and her parents' and sister's) membership in the Czech Ornitological Society
Basically, someone said that "Czech Republic" is hard to use on marketing materials and that we should get a shorter one.
Kámo - mate
>I wouldn’t visit it unless you’re going somewhere like Kruger National Park and nowhere else
Nürmberg laws come to mind
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet
Yeah
org
Most Slavic female names are just weird
Yes, you can have towel around if you are shy
Absolutely not
Nothing special
Unfortunately, my friend put it on and did the Heil
You can even carry a sword, if you want
It is
* Rudolf II (We were under Austria)
is considered the real "hero" here in Czechia, often called "Father of the country". (Pater patriae)
But because he wrote in German, he's part of "Prague German literature" group of authors writing in German
I didn't know that abortion laws are stricter in Austria and Germany
Venice Beach, Hollywood, drive down PCH, eat In-N-Out, etc.
a = and
Yes sometimes it looks strange, but most of the time it makes sense and it is shown like that from a reason
or probably something from Lucie
Nivala FIN
Pokud se nepočítá Karel Bavorský, tak jo
But don't except anything luxurious.
Betraying an ally in this manner is really really shitty and terrible PR
People would be extremely offeded by it while when it's Poland people are mostly annoyed and simply distrustful
Heydrich called us "laughing beasts".
Do you mean like [a hydraulic press]
The country has a very rich history
I don't think this applies to unique artefacts
Well
* Ukrainians
People like you are really obnoxious
It's not about whether the state protects you or who protects you, it's that most people don't exactly feel the need for protection
accuse anyone not participating in the witch hunt to be a witch
I am sick for like 2 weeks now so it's going to be even worse :-(
25 and some at 9
Beer is the cause, beer is the solution, we are saying it all the time
Thankfully it seems like most have gotten over it
Computer- Počítač which means counter (as in one who counts)
And I’d rather pay for the highway, these people don’t value their time (or you’re really expensive)
How far in are you
Can't speak for Ze Germans, but I imagine theirs is different still.
Sure most of our streets don't look totally derelict anymore, but the post-Communist mentality is ingrained much deeper
It's also rather interesting that you claim this is a matter of geography while dragging political history and culture into it and preventing "technicalities" (?) from having a role, despite Central Europe being an officially recognized concept, historically, politically, and culturally
My father has almost like a phobia of even trying it - he was a stay at home parent for some time when I was a kid, he'd do all the cleaning and everything else around the house, but cooking was still up to my mom
Here the forests are destroyed by blueberry pickers, and overpopulated, unregulated, tasty when roasted, hogs.
I'd argue that Poland was never our friend
Also worth noting that having long hair was somewhat seen as being counter-culture under communism, which might be one of the reasons why it's so accepted
> and consider that their real home
We have classical dance lessons
I wonder what the Estonian jews would have thought of this statement
So yeah, it is pretty germanised
It's if there's no crossing within 50m
"I have it on a hook"
= It will be useful sometimes
It's the old Czech spelling, not Polish
Originally, there would have been buildings inside the ringfort.
Started as Czech Protestants were fighting against Catholics and ended as Czech Protestants were defending Prague against Sweedish Protestants
Nicholas also on the 5th and so on
I didn't sleep for a week
People will generally treat you 1000x better if you try to speak the local language and they will try to be pretty helpful
5 minute walk to bus, 5 minute bus ride, 15 to 20 minute tram ride
Yes, there are separate identities.
-Michal Orsava (High quality shitposts)
It used to house the Czechoslovak trading fleet
>You’re telling me a German will have svíčková for Sunday lunch
Most people know Pat & Mat
And where is that
A several children below 16 were send to German families, the rest were gassed
Prague became the capital of the HRE during the reign of Charles IV
If I wanna read political bullshit I would go to r/politics ot r/The_Donald
TFW you have to justify wasting thousands of dollars on a fancy 'exchange' trip to a shitty university, by patting yourself on the back for being so mindful of small details that are different from your home country.
they should put the second line of the MRZ if they want to be taken seriously by clients
My bad visited a long time ago and brought back a shirt that is still stuck in my memory.
Yeah
Yeah there are several versions for many names
This is probably necessary for the brain to mature
We pronounce it almost exactly the same way as in English
Czech:
century
(not kidding)
I bet you say klobaskas instead of klobáska
- The politicians BEAT protesters
The one exception would be the wild expulsion of German speaking people after WW2.
A Czechperson who is a vegetarian
Peklo (Hell)
Whats the cause
Interesting
Thanks for your insightful comment.
yes, this is what I found strange, because it is usual to use that scale which avoids unnecessary leading or trailing zeroes, exactly I would not order meat by hectograms, I bet you would not declare your weight in grams either  (last but not least, saying twenty five is shorter than two hundreds fifty, shop clerk is not a person for a quick chat, stop blocking queue :)
That's what got Cheeto into White House.
I mean, I can get on a plane and be in Rome in 2 hours.
Personaly should be
"No
Laugh and downvote all you want, but it actually helps.
Bohemian nobility electing Ferdinand I. of the Habsburgs to be the king of Bohemia (1526)
So basically to prevent a future Syria or Iraq, the Brits just have to say no and we probably won't go.
Bohemia "Čechy" is land in Czechia "Česko"
Which European countries have overqualification problem?
But it would have to be figured out about economy of this and I'm not qualified to talk about this aspect
