I don't experience this in Denmark
As such, I think Deco was just the latest in a line of opulent styles of construction, which was what modernism rebelled against
How about *ja* or *wohl*? Here are [a few examples] from a non-native German speaker
The queen and her sons have ceremonial roles though, and they also function as kind of ambassadors for my country when they visit other countries.
I'm not one who believes there's some amazing "Eurodentity" that means we're all ready to unite as "United States of Europe" or whatever anytime soon.
Now this is the perspective from someone in their final year of high school
Oh and en/et is also the word for then number one
Beautiful
Cash tends to get lost, I forget it at home, change is bulky
The "DR" stands for "Danmarks Radio", since the company was orginally created as a public radio broadcasting company
There is just absolutely nothing to even remotely suggest that it does in this instance.
Half of my class is 20
Grew up in Saeby, live in Aarhus
Not to mention that they only get fined for the tax evasion that gets caught
I stand by my comment
It is inevitable
>The Schleswig-Holstein question is so complicated, only three men in Europe have ever understood it
look just like they do in Denmark
Just here to add
But don't you want more Russians emigrating to Latvia?
His vocal performance was terrible
The border control is meant to keep refugees from entering not Danes from escaping.
Hvad filen sagde du lige til mig, din lille gnalling
For more "grown-up" parties I think it's expected that the host provide most but guests will bring a bottle or two which will more likely be shared
Several of the northern rebellious provinces have vast areas of wilderness
The goal to make as much as possible actual forests
Wouldn’t that make Copenhagen the odd one out
Copenhagen and before that Århus several times
Don´t forget the western coast of Jutland where Danes, Germans and Norwegians vacate in droves
Yea
She was the one who discovered the wolf story by trespassing on a farmer's land while checking out the old castle ruins (the french revolution wasn't kind to them)
But we like it here, to a degree anyway, its better than outside.
I would have been surprised if it hadn't.
Moscow = Moskva
Did you learn to cook in school
I honestly feel no close to a guy from Portugal than to a guy from Canada for example.
What are you on about
We've hung strings of lights from the gutters, on the garage, on the flagpole, and on top of the hedges surrounding the house
There's no documentation for the people on Iceland being heavily taxed, and the tithe to the Church was not transferred from Iceland to Copenhagen
Lolland/Falster is not *that* different from rural parts of, say, Jutland
That is the whole point of this model
Oh they are here, sadly
They work differently in different countries, but anyway:
I bet the wind adds -5 degrees at least tho, my ears nearly froze off today :O
If people A begin ruling people B, A cannot impose their values and rules upon B without conflicting with people B's own culture
It’s not as extreme as memes make it out to be, a study actually found we are less socially isolated than Southern and Eastern Europe, but it is a tendency
It's more about them moving out when it makes sense
Soon, soon
Penzion also sounds very close to pension so I imagened it was also a kind of hotel.
Interview with Marion le Pen from Front National.
A great military leader - and his image (hat and hand under vest) is used as a caricature for a megalomaniac.
I can assure you it's enforced in other places in the country
I must have a very different taste than the judges.
Some things like having a significant amount of EU customers would suffice as proof of being under GDPR
The more the merrier, yes
that depends on how the eggs are manufactured/treated in the packaging factory, some eggs are left "natural" they are less likely ro go bad outside the fridge, while those that are treated should be kept in the fridge
[This one is a bit blury] though
Queen Margrethe II or Margrethe Alexandrine Þórhildur Ingrid
German could also use *doch* a lot
Maybe if Denmark got 4% (3.2% after contribution) of its GNI worth of EU-spending it could field a few hundred extra soldiers sure.
Postnord charges 150kr for their toll "service", so you're paying VAT on the value of what you ordered, then VAT for the shipping, then tax on the combined amount if you're ordering something that's worth more than 900-1000kr
I think it's the flag of Norway with the symbol of Sweden-Norway in the corner, like [this]
I can't say much that hasn't already been said by other comments, but I can add that a good idea is to research the countries you'll be visiting - especially in regards to social expectations
As I had understood it, Norway has two languages, Bokmål and Nynorsk, both spoken and written
That being said, people tend to congregate where it's easy to get to and where everybody else is
[Brandon Beal - Twerk It Like Miley feat
If I had to go on I’d say it’s possible to make out some of the words reading Dutch or German, even if you don’t know the languages
Needs more dovetail
dane here
Time helps a lot, too
Jeg bruger "lort" ofte omkring ting
Denmark has it as well - there used to be two different rates, one for radio only, and one for radio and tv
Christmas rice porridge
Edit: I was wrong about something, I have corrected my comment
I love my second name
They are in general nice people, even though they need to practice their Danish skills more
I am quite sure the redneck kind of country loving is even bigger in rural Sweden.
That was my opinion until I got a garden
Climate change is not regional.
You're our most important and strategic ally, and a richer Turkey is good for the economy since the Turkish market is so huge.
(One lunch I had from a Pastizzeria:  Pasta and veggies in a creamy sauce with a dash of cinnamon, covered with a lid of pastry)
Dude, speaking with the queen is a whole mini-course upon itself
We don't have an ID card in Denmark like e.g.
So now we have 82 = 2 and 4x20 - but we don't stop there, time to fuck up the pronunciation and spelling as well so that what we actually say and write is something like "2 and 4s". And when the French say 4x20 12 for 92, we looked at that, and, having admired the sheer disregard for intuitive simplicity, decided to one-up the French again by saying 2 and ½5s (two and half(way from four to) five times twenty)
- Greenland
I now understand why it’s associated with vampires, I don’t find this view pleasant at all lol
They didn't haha, Danish people in general just do not care anymore
Yeees
I mean this is the kind of thing my grandpa experienced as a child
However this is our worldview and our mentality on healthcare
People with very little knowledge of countries and cultures see us as "basically the same" as Swedes
What
But you know what they say, prepare for the worst.
Even at our worst, we did not treat them *that* poorly, and today our greatest sins are if anything neglectance, not domination
You sing to much when you talk, also you use more wrong words compared to the Norweigians
Yeah and quite openly
Ofcourse all of this was a very minor issue for Denmark, as we could easily ignore the Virgin Islands forever, but with larger and more important countries it's a real dilemma if you should admit responsibility
This
Getting closer to the Soviets every year.
And Italians just taking pictures of it and chilling
he mostly cooked classic danish food
In Denmark many people use the [høvding] bike helmet which wraps around the neck like a collar
Dus all the way around
- Congratulations on your independence day :)
The F?
Map 4.4 tells the story of the EU divide.
Times of Israel is therefore trying to justify Israel, with an issue that would not exist without Israel, which isn't logical, constructive or useful in any way.
In a (strong) Copenhagen dialect you'd end up as well
All the other Saxonies are named *after* that Saxony, so if "the original Saxony" would have pleased you more, then let's go with that
Most people here in Scandinavia don't really think about Eesti
" (the Danish variant) sounds sort of dismissive and sarcastic, and it'd likely be used in situations like someone bragging, or someone being upset with you
When you turn up at a customer with 30+ years of legacy code you risk seeing things that is baaaad
It's a class struggle really
Not Brandend Zand
I suppose our pickeld and marinated herrings are somewhat uncommon
You seem fun
Anyone who thinks a socialist country exists, let alone in the Western world, has not even bothered to learn the most basic definition of socialism
That should be taught a lot more in primary school as soon as computers becomes mandatory in class
Victims of Stalinism and Hitlerism
So overall it's better for the climate
That year in 1982, the contest was held in Harrogate in the United Kingdom
We should all elect leaders that read 'Free to choose' by Milton Friedman, like Estonians did.
I love how every active GenZedong user follows pretty much the exact same script
Petersborg
We aren't sweeping them under the rug.
I've no idea what "the European dream" is.
By the by, there's concentration camps in the US and in China, and the Danish government has not denounced either
I guess were screwed over here then
The increase in EU money spending could be solved simply by a hard cap of maximum 200 euro per capita in net contribution
I live in Denmark
Delays infection speed, which can spread people who needs to be hospitalized over a longer period causing less strain on the healthcare system
Found the rules for it
That being said, I think this paragraph seems positive:
Royal authority shall be inherited by men and women in accordance with the provisions of the Act of Succession to the Throne of March 27, 1953
Orthodox attitudes in U.K was too strict if we compare that with Islamic attitudes in Ottomans
Why the heck did they do that
yeah screw democracy and public votes right?
When did this list get introduced
Rules from the Danish Ministry of Food and Environment states that eggs have to be stored and transported at 12 degrees C or below
What about Odense
[Koldskål med kammerjunker] is a very popular Danish summer desert.
Oddly enough that character is called the Danish Chef in the German version of The Muppet Show
Right now Poland and Hungary uses EU subsidies to bribe voters
I think the biggest change would obviously be cultural
Denmark was 100% made of off germanic tribes, so no actual ruins, but there has been found some ancient roman potter (especially interesting to find some terra sigillata, as it was very precious)
It can be quite heavy, but after a long day of hiking in the highlands a solid meal is exactly what my body needs
), but no one talks that cleanly
[Sanna Marin] from Finland or [Zuzana Čaputová] from Slovakia
Greater Copenhagen is turning into a metropolitan region with 4
But i guess the genocidal maniacs don't get asylum up here
The Opium Wars are part of this narrative that the CCP is building that the West wants to subjugate and control them (again) and that they must rejuvenate in order to survive this
Fake, this video clearly shows more than four meters of road without roadwork
I'm against punishing the guy for something he has no control over
In the 80s there were more pop music, and artists like [Lis Sørensen] [Anne Linnet] and the pop bands [Gnags] and [TV2] were very popular
If you want to get someone's attention and you don't know their name, you just say, "Undskyld" (sorry/excuse me) or "Hallo
Every man, woman and child would fight in the streets and we would win
All you need to do is photoshop Nirvana in there and it's the nineties indeed!
How do you think Estonia was trying to join
I know it's a very small minority, but they are prevalent
We got a place called "sæd"
For instance about rats on the polluted beach where children were playing half naked
These days you can use parallel sequencing techniques and fancy statistical methods to reconstruct a complete genome from a large sample of smaller pieces of DNA.
I don't think the Danish dark comedy movies would survive a transformation to Hollywood.
All other languages are optional
Being Christian is not enough to be an European
He is to much of a federalist to my taste.
i see a lot of broken bikes that are never moved
How is it shaky
I know, still wrong
I can understand going to war with Isis and such because they want to kill us, but fighting our neighbours
I know there are other things going on, but I am genuinely shocked that a party calling themselves the Conservative Party and ostensibly representing the gentry would even consider letting such a buffoon even join - let alone elect him leader
We rely on the civil servents act (funktionærloven), which is also really good, giving us at least 5 weeks vacation and so on
Often we would research a little but on a 2-3 weeks vacation we only plan the first days and then with a broad idea after that (and a departure day and place)
As a radar engineer I can tell you, that USSR-made radar sets from the fifties and sixties are absolutely outstanding quality.
On the non-cake or food side, I have yet to see anyone bring in a card for everyone to sign, but one colleague got a small flowering plant for her office when she came back from maternity leave
The Julekalender
No, a vildsvin is a warthog or a type of swine where a boar as I think would be a more apt translation is a male swine
And alternatively, but not less stereotypically, we count potatoes
Some people will fly trough the small roads at 60 km/h (legal limit btw) especially in areas with blind corners or hills
Was I the only one to see an old woman holding back a laugh with a gloved hand in the thumbnail
In 1931 the Danish rail road system had 2509 km of private operated tracks and 2781 km state operated rails (5290 km).
> Even USA is multiethnic
I have only heard of David Crockett, never about the others.
No one agrees what it should change into
And it gets really really weird as a Dane when I realized holland was a region or place
Right in the head and anschluss
when in Rome do as the romans
oh, men så hold dog kæft, din fjeldabe
One of the first time I was in the Netherlands I could never tell Dutch and Danish speech apart on distance
Well, if we include the whole Kingdom of Denmark, there is Gunnbjørn Fjeld in Greenland
Looking up the etymology for "dejligt," it looks like it comes from an old Germanic word - "degelik" meaning "good" as in skilled - which seems to have otherwise been forgotten
Doesn't surprise me it's (mostly) foreign though
etc
Østrig-Ungarn
Although the lead singer is Norwegian, the band itself is Danish
"Skidesprællere" is tougher, though
AFAIK they just have to sign a paper saying that they have "republican values" and give three euros, so really, anyone can do it.
Denmark has very little corruption, possibly the least corrupt country in the world, it is difficult to relate.
That should be taught a lot more in primary school as soon as computers becomes mandatory in class
Also I knew Žižkov is an old worker area, but does it really have a rough reputation
"du skal ikke råbe i min bus
It can be a good thing, but it can also be a negative.
While the transatlantic relation is strained missions are still pretty much carried out as usual
Thanks, I'll definitely check it out!
It is a discriminatory way of acting, no doubt 'bout that.
I was there last summer, gorgeous city
Really long words
It was recently ruled in the European Court of Justice that bulk data collection is illegal (And that is not counting all the other times it has done so).
all your armies are at best mediocre and at worst non combat functioning
This area is called “ny havn” (pronounced nu hawn, means new harbor) I pass by it everyday on my bike going to work
Except they really want to play a similar game together, just with special rules for them.
It's 16 degrees in Denmark ...
Moves on TV are in English (or in the original language), with Danish subtitles.
> And every time anyone or anything questions the current system, they are thrown in with Stalin and Pol Pot and demand excuse for all the myriad deaths under those regimes
You actually have "nemas problemas" in the Swedish language
Foreign activities stopped, were taken by others or neglected.
A cloister is a korsgang (cross hallway) in Danish  and korsgång in Swedish :)
China does though, so your argument falls short
No, but by not deporting foreign rapists etc.
Alright my bad
While it may have taken him a few years to get over some anti-german sentiment, he still took in German children and housed them at his farm following the 2
Lidl does the same thing in Denmark, proudly explaining how most of their goods are actually Danish and not German
That's a bit of an exaggeration, but there's a strong awareness that the US did not "win the war for us".
We either
I had an apartment I put up for sale just at the time were everything collapsed.
I could be snarky and say that the history of Europe is basically the history of cultural appropriation.
Usually, before Covid, you could just drive past the border without even realizing if it wasn't for the sign
>  rather that they are probably still in the testing phase and they will only become bike lanes in the future
For some reason I Founder it hilarious with the norwegian flag on crimea
I understood it that Switzerland imports energy from neighboring countries during their nightly off-peak hours for their hydro-storage
Seeing fat where you live
Those are some impressively obscure languages
Our most infamous gangs related to drug trade are all imported, like biker gangs literally just local versions the American ones
That's Jutlandish, not Danish
Only long, thin bread in French is baguette and not flûte
Oh Montenegro
On the other hand the """""health"""""" stuff seems to be from (relatively) far left types
I think it's only fair that danes have the most influence in the future of Denmar
>There is a source, but according to this source, the story is only half-true
In Denmark you havde food for your guests, unless you explicitly tell them, that they bring their own
"It wasn't about slavery it was about money
Norway gets all the attention internationally though
Well, I think we all know Germany isn't going for the cultural victory..
And Carpark North are also great
Well the lines are mostly just guidelines, id choose the most comfortable path as i get to them.
Other examples include: flag (flay) flagstang (flaostang)
Not very lol
Now don’t go buying prostitutes again
A proud tradition
> zwakkeling
I believe in human rights, yes.
It’s the same in Danish and I’d imagine Norwegian too
Iceland was hit by one disaster after the other in those times, and the population on Iceland was decimated and very poor
I can think of several countries who would love to do so, to which I say: *rend og hop*
The North Atlantic is important and will only become more so in the coming decades
Sadly I am at 4, maybe 5 (if a quick childhood visit at Christiansfeld counts - basically I only remember the honeycake)
Just listen to a lot of Niels Hausgaard, you'll pick it up eventually ;)
Of course, but I don't think he knows about them yet
Thank you for sharing
What do you think will happen to the group if Russia gets banned on Dec 9th
It comes from Norse "aukanafn", i.e. "ickname"
It's been 3 years, they have had plenty of time to figure something out, but when they leave there will be chaos, as they have not spent the time preparing
I know some people who put jelly in them as well when they bake them themselves
They threw some stones
Like all the other best moments
To be fair, drunk Danish teens in Prague are the worst
Denmark: "Der er ikke fejet noget ind under gulvtæppet".
It is (or at least it was when I was a kid and for my social circle, I can't speak for the entire country or different generations) common enough for parents to allow children 8-10 to have a taste of alcohol (beer or cider, not vodka and stuff), but in most cases you wouldn't be allowed to just take a beer and down it
Right now there is not an upper limit to how much countries have to pay
Congrats
Soldiers
Damn, why don't we have that
No our country is not "pretty much Sweden"...
These groups often have an economical status, primarily ownership or other form of control of productive assets that aid the optimisation of the described exploitation
I'd say in Denmark it depends on the city
I struggle with learning languages and generally learning due to a bad ADHD
We could have joined the Allies before Germany invaded and allowed them to set up defenses in our country
Same in Danish except the second one
For the same reason, Denmark also has the 4th longest coastline in the world
I think Donald Trump is very opposed to supranational organisations, he believes in nation states, in bilateral relations and I think that he thinks the EU has overshot its mark.
Glædelig jul til jer alle
A lot of passengers where on it when it crashed and tipped to the side
O's are tied together with other letters at the top in Danish cursive
Overall, that is a sensible system.
And real life
&nbsp;
I saw it as /u/coolanteater trying to find something positive in her.
if it lasts a week or two of constant on, then I'll be quite i terested
My grandmother was the one exception though because she doesn't speak english
Probably a really stupid thing to do in general though, and I don't recommend it to anyone
Gorm, Harald, Svend, Knud, Hardeknud, Magnus, Oluf, Erik, Niels, Valdemar, Abel, Christoffer, Margrethe, Hans, Christian, Frederik
It's the same on r/etymologymaps \- what's the word for cheese
Belgium is not even a real country anyway.
The pitch in Danish depend on the diealect
The question asked was: "Do you feel safe in Germany?"
Pictures you can hear
If not, they are simply expected to appear on your own
> If you looked as of right now to the cultures of those countries you will notice that there are many many similarities both genetic and cultural, although the latter is more common
Would you prefer if America was not the largest economy, the strongest military force, the top culture exporter, and some language other than English was the global lingua franca?
There is so much shitty stuff around østerport now and it sucks
And I don't mean libertarian faux-conservatives, I mean people like the types you described in Urk
Lago di Garda is absolutely lovely, *especially* outside the summer-season
Are the whole US vaccinated
- Have a head-start on German grammar what with their own grammatical complexity, while indirectly absorbing much of the vocabulary through English and the Scandinavian languages
Edit: You can even Take a train all the way from Copenhagen to Hamburg
There are many [memes] about the best brand of koldskål, as well as whether you crush your kammerjunker or leave them in whole
And maybe it's because the lobbies, have completely destroyed what constitutes healthy
I guess you're right on this
Det Hellige Tysk-romerske rige (Holy German-romam empire)
Most stores close either around 19, or even 20 or 21 (grocery stores even later), I honestly don't think that's too late
On the party's website you can read "we support Danish membership of EU, FN, NATO and WTO" and "we stand for a pragmatic and solution based foreign policy"
This means that names like Thyra (wife of Gorm the old), Ingrid, Caroline Mathilde, Dagmar and in the future the name Mary could be added to the list
That left the court to be dominated by power struggles between the councillors who wanted to rule instead of the king
Edit:
I write  Ƶ  in lower case, but it comes from working with math
I remember a lot about vikings,  the middle ages, a lot of reformation stuff, serfdom and the absolute monarchy and later industrialization and democracy, and Slevig/Holsten and modern history
Yeah, I think our northern pride is gone..
Ole Christensen (Socialdemokratiet) (NO/YES)
* Christina Hoff Sommers (An egalitarian, who is critical of contemporary western feminism
But this is my opinion
I started watching for the historical fashion, but the arc about Churchill's portrait was amazing
A letter by the South African Medical Association said this:
Especially in Asia
The Nordic countries are not socialist
Strangers spoke to me
Yea, someone here did note to the U.S that if Denmark contributed as much to foreign aid as the United States we could easily afford the military spending required by NATO and still have money left to spend.
.......how
He apparently found it very inspirational
OP was asking Croatians and surrounding nations of their experiences from the earthquake this morning
Dammit, comrade, we have the most cupcake cafes and the best cupcake cafes
I've been only been able to find him either to be described wearing clothes made of fish:
Thereby the health provider's system will register that the patient has shown up for an appointment or maybe without an appointment in the "open hours".
Lolland is part of region Sjælland and calling the regions provinces is a pretty minor mistake, so claiming that the bridge connects with region(or province) is completely true
And "Røved" which means "ass oath"
Well its brought up from time to time actually, but its been a while since it was governmental, remember the bloody Jesus Sandal?
The people doing fine aren't enough to make up for the cost of the rest..
I think an over the top background would hurt polling
Of course I have heard of the concept of smuggling something into an exam, but I don't think we have an well established name for a piece of paper smuggled in
You will end up with comparatively less money, because the economy can't support the changes.
They have actually kept quite a bit of kebab they just refuse to call it that and instead refer to it as "Greek muslims".
Back in the 90s when a lot of IT related words were new or only recently widely used, there should have been an official effort to provide well thought out Danish alternatives, instead it was a jungle where competing Danish versions were more often than not rather awkward and lengthy, which only assured we would generally just go with the English words
You good
In Danish, "øgenavn" is the word for a nickname or derisive name
Sometimes the staff will use it to signal "Last round
Why is he standing up when there are clearly free seats
If I had to choose between which two of them should be illegal I would definitely choose the one for females, but since we have no such constraints in real life we should aim to make both of them illegal
*There is whiteøl in the tønde*
Even though Trump isn't the most likable guy, seizing foreign investors property because you don't like them, would definitely have a negative effect on future foreign investments.
Tordenskjold
My High School had Erasmus students come and visit before Covid
That was the strategy for the first few days indeed, but ever since, trains have been running less often than they did before the crisis, with the explanation given being illness levels among staff;
So at 14% it's the highest it's been in over 200 years
There were also Lego briks involved.
Ja ich glaube das dänische Wort kommt aus dem (Nord-)Deutschen, so ist es jedenfalls oft
The migrant crisis was that reason
Greenland only borders your hat.
Oh, yeah, nothing against it at all, it's just odd/unusual when you stop and consider it
I can decide, that I no longer like Huawei, Samsung or LG and just buy a phone from another company without losing my apps
You made me nose exhale, thank you, good sir
The same probably applies to Denmark.
at least, in public
In Copenhagen I would say Nyhavn
If they met the requirements they would be able to join.
I would probably consider a Nordic Union as a replacement for the EU, fulfilling some of its current functions while (hopefully) freeing us from the bureaucracy of the current system.
Upon waking the bewildered Jeppe asks himself (contemporarily rephrased):
people can enter and exit from any door they want (having a ticket is their own responsibility, the driver doesn't sell them - they gotta use an app or the machine next to the middle door)
The rapefugee thing on Sweden is not really a joke, as much as it is a extremist talking point based on misinformation
if I could give money in order to never hear that name again, I would
In primary school I've been to England.
like everything is more rooted in reality
Holy shit no, its not even close of being the same thing lol.
The Netherlands Association of Plastic Surgeons,
Have you seen how we do foreign policy in Denmark?
Ah yes, it's not a christian holiday, it's a Pågen holiday
Everyone uses the word "apartment".
Practisch*
"Are you coming to the party
And we're still predominantly male, *though noticeably less so
(I think that would be 10 or 11 years old)
I wouldn't move there, but I love visiting
Many years ago I worked together with German developers
Some are different in Danish - but other forms are also used
Pilsner Urquell on tap is my favorite summer beer :)
Ever heard of MÆRSK, Ikea, Spotify, Lego, Nokia
Let's not forget the other vital bridge Denmark needs, Bornholm to Christiansø!
HVOR ER SVENSKEN
Wao that's soo cool
ABBA
Why not have a flag, they’re beautiful and I can show of my patriotism with it
Oh I thought you were too lazy to dry your dishes manually, and then moved the dishes from the drying cabinet to the dish cabinet once they had air dried
Darkness
We are no better than our ~~african~~ viking ancestors
Not forcing some random guy who got tricked to pay for *her* "mistake".
" when May comes back thinking she for some unknown reason has new leverage
Get documentation of my degree by mail.
When we build this dam the ecosystem will be destroyed anyhoo
I like the idea of cafés, but they're, as you mentioned, obscenely expensive here, so I just don't go to any
It wasn't *that* long ago that all of Europe was at war and there were millions of people starving and forced to leave their homes.
I hear it thrown around a lot but lots of bullshit is regularly thrown around by all sorts of things, I wanna know if its a thing that could happen, a likely thing that could happen as a result of them rejecting this thing again.
>>We hate Sweden, the violent and arrogant country
H.C. Andersen
There's quite the difference between Soviet expansionism and EU expansionism.
This gave way to a rampage of sexual harassment accusations from journalists and politicians especially, essentially revealing/shedding light on the rotten culture and structural issues that “allow” powerful men to abuse their position to harass mostly younger female colleagues
Most other embassies are in old buildings with charm and details and colour
Edit: I forgot, we also fight each other with shaving foam when we graduate 9th grade (around 15-16 years old)
Russian = Spasiba
Those are rookie numbers
Nobody believes the Earth is 6000 years old, and nobody believes in Adam and Eve etc.
I've most trouble understanding the, Jamaican and London City accents, it all comes down how much you've been exposed to the accents through media, or you know, actual people.
Then countries like Denmark and Netherlands will not be hit harder than we already are
They may buy som paper-ones at birthdays, yes
Danish would not work because people say it’s like talking with a potato in your mouth
Very insulting that when you try and help people and give them free food, free clothes and a place to stay safe from the supposed war they're fleeing from, they just run off to a country with more money.
That must be a swedish thing
From Denmark where “frokost” is lunch
The only subs where I can relate to are subs that are inherently international, and in many of those there are many posts I still can't relate to because they focus on an American perspective
>Bulgaria is 10% comprised of gypsies who will steal your TV
Don't remember how to do it on pc
Few years later shes back in the public eye being all “i was so young and dumb”
Ofc that's not true, but if I told that to a fellow Dane, there would be good chance of them believing it
Basically almost half the energy used to create power goes to waste normally as excess heat.
Swedish - 100%
Why should anyone care about countries breaking up
Sweden obviously
Okay so it is the Cantonese spelling Ruidan which is pronounced Suidan.
This constitution holds for all parts of the Danish realm
I guess they don’t think about how often we must hear it
But if you meet in a park, in a library, in the workplace or whatever and you both have an American accent, why on earth would you assume it meant they didn't think you were American?
School trips are amazing
I shall tell my grandchildren of my brave service in the Shit Wars
That's true
It discourages hierarchy and being a smug asshole
Edit: Or at least just fully decriminalise it
> Look at how completely dominant EU imports and exports to the EU are in our trade
That's why many people fled to r/europes.
The warning pertains to the risk that there is not enough skilled workers for the vacant jobs.
No issue understanding swedish tbh
YouTube also does a surprisingly good job with the subtitles.
You really need cheap student housing to make it work.
Apparently those were built in 1965]
My favourite, but I have never seen it outside Denmark.
They could do a Crimea on you
They can only be used in school.
In the later periods of trade monopolies, when the existence of people living in remote places like Iceland was no longer threatened, it also became clear that a more free economy was a better way to develop the societies and enable growth
* Helved (Means Hell)
You can also buy a ticket for cash on the bus/train station, or via app
A change has happened here within the last 10-20 years
- but when I found out what these activities would've actually cost me if I had to pay myself, I would never have gone there
It's possible to speak Danish without ditching letters like crazy; most of us just don't think to do so.
On any sub that's dominated by Americans you'll feel "alienated" quite often from my experience
Yes, I am honestly wondering why anyone will voluntarily pay 8 - 16 % interest on a Master Card when the same bank that hands out the credit card will ask for an interest typically around the 5 % for a credit on a normal account with a debet card attached to it.
Denmark will side with Germany, to defeat Sweden.
Usually after 18 or 19 but most people take a year or more off (sabbatår) before startining university to travel or work or both
He’s been hosting “demonstrations” where he goes around Copenhagen and burns the Quran
Foreign state flags on flag poles in front of houses
and preventing them from leaving turkey has meant that they now get shot trying to enter turkey from syria.
The exchange of energy between the Nordic countries and with Germany is complicated stuff in general though, while looking up statistics I saw that during today alone Denmark has both imported from and exported energy to Germany
The cost of living is skyrocketing
The majority though is pretty normal in the weight category.
Leave it to German "police" to fuck up something that doesn't involve arresting spergs on Facebook.
Support Danish Arctic ambitions!
That massacre like many others was carried out by your state and people not some unspecified group
probably directly face first into the  dirt but who cares lmao
What makes Scandinavian law different, is the weight of ancient customary law compared with roman and canonic law.
It's just that no one bothers/wants to protests for it.
Also, it stays warmer for more of the year
Formalitet
and the fact that DK and norway was one country for a few hundred years.
The only thing wrong with Sweden is that it's full of swedes
The entire neighborhood
I kinda forgive the voice acting just for the fact that they actually went with a new voice actor, instead of the same, you can't hit gold every time.
So let's say there's about 4 cubic metres of snow on the car, that's about one 1000 kg of snow
etc
So prestige in admittance or curiculum varies
If they want cheap wine, they make it themselves
It's expensive and you can easily find better not that far away
000 so you still got us beat
I mean, I dont mind it
isn't it kinda convoluted to divide the different aspects of mathematics
But all you say is just "Hov
* Danish: 100 %
Here's your money back." doesn't make the issue go away.
That the people of the world should unite across nationalist boundaries to advance their common interests
The cities are much older, and the first skyscraper you build will look really out of place
"Trump believes rakeing leaves will put out all forest fires" "Fires are inevitable and no amount of forest ordinance and maintenance could minimize them". It always has to be the most uninformed and extreme person
A link will be posted on Twitch as well.
Looking at the history of humanity, it seems like not killing people one of the most difficult things we've ever tried to do.
Some Belgian exchange students :)
Years ago because Æ, Ø and Å in the code used to break something somewhere
Lets not forget that the poorest regions in Western Europe are still in Eastern Germany...
Edit: Towns, not tows
The viking era is pretty blurry because Vikings fucking sucked at writing anything down
Must've been horrible living under DDR regime
Ever since 2008 Denmark have had to defend the currency against investors mass buying DKK, this has meant releasing tons of extra DKK to keep the currency value down and it has meant an opportunity to change loans in foreign currency into loans in DKK.
a couple of times a year maybe
It's not too uncommon and isn't viewed negatively (I hope lol)
For international students there are some extra rules to be able to get the 800€ a month, like you have to work 10-12 hours a week
If a relative is dying in a hospital bed you might also say it suppose, and it wouldn't really be weird but that's obviously also a *very* serious situation and you may never see the person again
No Danes here
the swedes try to banter a bit but all they can say is "dansk jävler" or whatever, and it's getting kind of old - and it's got nothing to do with stereotypes
as they should be ;) must have been awkward for everybody, though
In the word "hvis" we don't pronounce the "h". There are several other examples of this occurrence
Which are obviously a far more impartial source than the Danish books
Where is this taken from
Danish people don't want to leave the EU either, we just don't want the EU to evolve into a superstate.
You should come visit socialist utopia Denmark :D
Det fimsede cykelstyroverskæg emperium
A single day's parking costs about €15
kurwa
Hvor er du fra
In this sense unions in France might be more powerful, but not necessarily as influential as unions in Denmark
While we're not know for cheese, that was my first thought as well.
To the pagan vikings Jesus and God was just one more deity.
TIL "Au" means different things in different parts of Germany… In North Germany it' a very small river
I know mild part compatibility and some different things regarding files, but mostly modding and playing games
Mixed feelings, but on a European level, overall hopeful.
When the US sneeze, Europe catch a cold".
At least we're getting addicted to something which doesn't directly cause cancer now lol
That should also be out of the parents' hands
Don't give them any good ideas
Not even the ones that have been soaking in rum for a few months before they're added to the glögg
[That’s exactly the same pattern as here
Don’t wait too long
**From Danish to English, version 2 (every word translated directly, but in a more confusing and comical way):**
My sister dated a Dane from an Iranian background at one point, and when he talked about his parents it was very much about a "When in Rome
Yes we have, here are some of the transitions:
Just some size adjustments would do the trick;)
If they pass a plan they leave May 22nd
The name of our supreme court is "Højesteret" literally meaning "the highest court".
WE are lovin' it
That they do it in such a horrible, dumb way might be news
POlak (stressed First syllable) is by some people percieved(?) as derogatory, while poLAK is okay
Talk about demonizing
There's a national program in gymnasium here despite this, gathering gifted "kids"; but with close to no difference towards actual academic level (The academy for gifted kids)
I wanna do this for denmark
During the unofficial poll in 2015 80% voted for independence from Spain and the Catalan nationalists parties won all the seats in the regional assembly during the following election.
Latvia - Letland
Facebook post by the newly appointed Senior Director of Strategic Communications in the american National Security Council, Monica Crowley
I'll happily shop in a Danish Lidl when I come across one
This was quickly followed by talks of reparations, some whining about their financial situation and random accusations of racism
The badger is normally regarded as the biggest Danish land-predator (even though it mostly just eats worms, grubs and insects)
Try it, I've been to Austria to go skiing for the last 15 years and it's awesome put on Disco Poco and drink that Jägerbomb haha.
No suggesting you could, I am just saying that because of its unique circumstances, the New Zealand government can be more vanilla, get things done without fuss etc.
I know, I’ve watched SKAM
I did have one funny incident
Edit: Saw another alresdy posted exactly this
The new parliament need a majority vote for the change
Both the sexism of this Polish politician and the sexism of modern day feminists...
So would that be before or after the snaps
Because of my knowledge og Danish, English and German, I am actually able to understand a lot of Dutch (written, not spoken - do all dutch have a soar throat or something?).
What about the people that have a legitimate phobia of plants though
Its fine
In this kind of context it means that he's not being serious or that he's kidding.
They just looked at me funny
I have a bed time
I am not sure if it is because of this small linguistic difference, that I find it really strange that people confuses the two animals
[And here's (imo) the most powerful picture
that everyone just completely close up after finding their group of friends during education
Denmark: 1864
Denmark is a country that prides itself on having over 90% turnout when we have elections.
Free up time for the police to focus on solving crimes that have actual victims
At least you will always have sun and olives, we usually only have a couple of days of summer, the rest is different degrees of winter.
I take it you mean if we use the informal pronouns
The Torys have left their base and have become The Centre-Right.
Basically the same situation in Denmark outside the areas with district heating coverage
We expose our children to a lot of stuff that would horrify some other countries
It took me a few tries (or around 40), but ultimately I got it
We don't have dialects that are outright incomprehensible to outsiders (except maybe Southern Jute
You can see the little bit thats our mountain
Egern - ˈeˀjʌn
Yeah ... For a week in February if we're lucky
^^^^^^^Sorry ^^^^^^^you ^^^^^^^sucked ^^^^^^^so ^^^^^^^much
Please stop using this logic, nobody wants terror attacks to happen in Sweden, at least nobody good, but the fact that it hasn't happened before is no true argument.
The amount of cultural uniformity in the US is almost unbelievable, considering how massive an area it is
>Hitler was German
Class felt empty that year
Pretty sure i just popped a vain.
Rona
Ahh, yes
It affects people very differently
My girlfriend is a foreign student attending CBS
I think he just looked towards an aide or something
But we really like rolls and buns here, and they will get stuck inside the foreign type of toaster
No poor Jews because almost all made it across.
Climate change probably isn't the one with the biggest potential for harm *in the next 15 years*, but it is absolutely the biggest threat that, within the next 15 years, will have to be dealt with.
Sibling hate ya know
For instance, most people would say that it is free to drive on public (non-toll) roads
You can get VERY heavy fines for heiling or being loud about the war.
I love the setup
However on a more local level areas seems to have more interesting  names such as Crown Jutland, Vendsyssel, Djurs and Hanherred
Perhaps because I'm in Western Europe, the distinction wasn't really that *important*, and to the extent that it was discussed at all, the answer was kind of just "it's sorta fuzzy, but it's somewhere in this general area, depending on who you ask".
So we fund their economies and provide them with defense, while gaining nothing save the geopolitical influence
For a country that is part of the same continent, that is pretty poor.
” and she understandably answered “you don’t HAVE to pay”.
I'm pretty sure that for science reasons it has to be winter time, but I'd prefer summer time because it means that I can bike home from school or work without having to bring my lights all the time
We mostly learned and heard about what happened during our occupation
no clothes' gonna help ya
Aren't all the student loans in the US federally backed
I like the spanish colonial architecture of California
Is the raisin vs chocolate buns really a debate
If you do not understand portuguese it is not nearly enough
This is too true, especially the last one
The only downside to making them yourself is the time it takes + realizing how much butter you're eating
Can confirm
So by your logic H.C. Andersen was a product of motorway toilet sex
We don't have lockers in Denmark
But we are very hard to become friends with and we talk about the weather all the time
Democracy is the base of western society, disliking it just makes you seem like huge idiot.
Also, Herning, Aalborg and Esbjerg did used to have the same stereotypes about them, the Randers ones just became persistent due to a meriad of things, like comedians mostly using Randers as the basis for their "stupid/violent/poor people" jokes, the meme page, that video that became popular in early the noughties, and so on
Why on earth would a Dane speak English with a Norwegian
Yeah, while we have people like Hans Christian Andersen, Karen Blixen, Søren Kierkegaard etc.
Every time I've been to Scotland I've had haggis at least once
Denmark reach the target before the negotiations even started
Furthermore there are no Central European countries.
I envy your gun laws
I am not where real estate is affordable yet, at least not in my city, but i do have plenty for savings and investments
Impossibly beautiful:(
Estonia is the preeminent power in Europe after all.
I have had a few bikes stolen and was shot in the head with an airgun
Not really
So like it or not, the trade monopoly was a necessity, or at least viewed as such at the time, to ensure people could continue their existence on Iceland
It's illegal not to wear a seatbelt in Denmark
"Tømme ryggen" = "Empty the back"
i saw a store that sold rabbits for
It's an odd situation where, in principle, they have no autonomy whatsoever, whereas in reality, they are more independent than, say, Scotland in the UK
As a Jutlander I made a roadtrip in Sjælland, Lolland and Falster minus Copenhagen this summer and I tell you there are a lot of ghosttowns compared to Vestjylland imo
I really like the party that comes up with this stuff.
Obviously because it makes no sense before article 50 is triggered, and because making a ton of small side deals is silly.
Sorry about that
Maybe its about getting one bill with a higher amount for the customer and one with a lower for accounting
> "they banned guns and freedom of speech, thus they were left"
Yeah, English is real fast an loose with compound words
It has always been the wall
Dane here
(I was in the last girl scouts group in Denmark, and I believe it closed down around this time), but ever since then, it's been mixed and it's like the scouts described above
that camera angle/framing is all wrong
As long as you promise that your vanguard will consist of legions of bier mädchen, I can live with our usual "minimal resistance" policy.
It's a bit as if we looked at what Europe was doing and decided to take the worst ideas available and add some of our own bullshit on top
On the other hand Turkey is legally on track to joining the EU, and I don't think that this is a good situation.
Speaking depends on what area you are in or who you speak to
Such one good and funny idea you have received OP
It’s a whole crisis in my country
I feel sorry for the Copenhagen area, because they are so close to Sweden
Early Viking raids is by many historians linked to the Catholic church battling for dominance over the North.
When the Syrian refugees were walking through Europe, a lot of focus was on the Danish "jewelry law" regarding when refugees apply for asylum
This is mostly in regards to Greenland, but by owning it, we have *significantly* more to say than if we were just a small nation at the edge of the Baltic
If so, which one, and what do we do if that needs to change?
Card use is ubiquitous in Denmark.
Return of Skåne/Scania and Schlewswig-Holstein when
Australia threatens Denmark with diplomatic consequences, if they reveal their refugee policy.
people dying in an apartment, all lonely, and then the corpse rots and it basically ruins the apartment, and the neighbours call the building attendant because of the smell
I know
Glædelig jul og godt nytår
In my town in Denmark we have paper, metal, plastic, glass, cardboard, organic and other
That's... what i'm doing
or kinda Danish
I can a few words
I hate that you can't turn it off
What is "the culture of the host country"?
It obviously varies with the age of the building, with the price of the building etc
This is the coolest thing I have ever seen!
That's kind of what we're seeing already, in that every country must follow Germany's fiscal policies, not because they're necessarily better, or better for every country, but because *that is what the EU has agreed on*.
It would have been equally stupid for Sweden to go down that route with us
In Denmark it’s a major meme how we always go “try to say rød grød med fløde
Just to be clear the "hate" here is mostly a running joke
The city is devided on two sides of a strait, and if you live on  the same side as the place you're late to you of course say it anyways
Often farmers who don't sterilise their cats and then dump them in town, creating problems
Pretty common here in Denmark
Not really
Pick a style for a neighbourhood and stick with it.
(they don't pay more than a dollar)
THey need to be spread out and incooperate the local surroundings
Maybe we'll do as you want and simply do as Norway, that pays much less than Denmark and still get to sell their stuff and study and live in EU
They stayed with us for a week, and then we stayed with them for a week
And it certainly wasn't helped by the fact that I never seemed to ever get rid of my accent (thankfully, tbh)
sounds like pascal's wager to me
Most of it is just fields, and flat areas
You won't be the only overweight person in Europe or anything like that.
Not to be rude but what's the relevance
To measure it you apply values to certain things and estimate their growth rates, but in order to make the calculations manageable you need to minimize the variables.
it's very unlike Trump to take the inferior position
honestly nobody gives a shit about russia.
Most of Europe isn't "new" to the bachelor/master system at all, but across a lot of Europe, it is much more common to have a Masters degree than it is in the US.
But I don't think we place the same importance on them as americans place on their great American Novels.
the trade surplus is irrelevant to this.
This by no means mean that all those people voted for that candidate
It doesn't really make much sense currently.
They plan on making the education to a 40% loan system, 60% monthly scholarship grant.
In Copenhagen
Norway was neutral during World War I, so no trench warfare atrocities for Olaf
Norway - I love some Norwegian names because they sound like they came straight out of a fairy tale
I honestly don't think it's fair that Erdogan threatens to stop patrolling their border.
IMO we're more like "The most contented country in the world
Like yeah, it’s expensive here when you compare to other countries, but our salaries are also higher
Twenty is metric, so sorry guys you are still in the dog house
(Aarhus-området)
I don't think many people outside knows about the huge difference in dialects, nor about minority languages such as Kven and Sami.
The only reason Post Denmark didn't go bankrupt bankrupt was probably because it couldn't be allowed to stop functioning
That's kinda like taking a selfie in front of the pyramids
[Radio 24/7]
I remember "Paraste ennen" ... :)
The Danish flag flies above Stockholm, as it should be
To think that in the future even on Easter Sunday my church probably won’t fill up or that maintenance of old churches won’t be prioritised makes sad
Fortunately, the dialect is one that the native speakers don't really pull out except among themselves
Most accounts that are less than a month old and have very little karma are usually assumed to be alts, but if you are genuinely new to Reddit then welcome, also flair up.
The further south you get, the more fun people have
Isn't that how all sockets are built
We like our privacy
Macron should win in the end, assuming no Wikileaks saying he's a demonic child rapist
As we're rounding off this year, and readying ourselves for the future, I want to, on behalf of all the moderators, just once more wish you a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year
Edit: i know Ardern is not european, but saw others mention outside of Europe too :)
Nope
Because unfortunately some people don't believe cats should be considered pets
in all earnest i'd think it comes down to emigration, EU tries to impose quota
I think Hadrian was heavily involved in this, but it might have been sooner
Rolled over
We all know Swedish is elf language
Are American women allowed to marry non-Christian men?
those kinda guys
As was already said, it's not always clear when a person travels abroad to fight for groups like ISIS.
I suppose it might be fun trying to live somewhere else (at least for a while) if I won some big lottery, inherited a fortune or whatever so I didn't have to worry about finding a job etc
How does mainland Europe feel about it?
Maybe you are right
We do the same in Danish
Their goal is to spread their insane views and take over as much of the world as possible.
I can't really put it in short
Both of those species are more numerous than they have ever been before.
"Båtnakker" - "båt" is more of a sound than an actual word
Bad tech companies as in how they exploit Europeans personal information and don't pay tax of their profits
Huh, same thing here, in regards to Die Hard
In your options menu (where the My Channel, Switch Account, Sign Out buttons etc are) there's a Language menu, change it to English and it won't auto-translate anymore
Especially in Asia
They either came from Lombardy to Denmark or vice versa
I know very little about any of them, but I get the impression that most of them work as tax havens for the 1% of Europe
From google: “someone newly educated with a bachelor in software development can except to earn 30
Danes are a tough group of people, to get to learn
When I backpacked in Australia I really wanted to go to Aernem Land to see the aboriginal stuff and tracks of the Macassan sailors, but since I couldnt rent a car it just wasnt feasible
Whatever you say or do, you can’t change the fact that Armenia is in Asia just like Anatolia lol
Yeah, I've visited multiple windmills.
That depends on where you are coming from.
They produce egg trays from recycled paper
I love how taunting the Swedes is the great Nordic pastime that unites us all
That actually prevents us here in Denmark from using optimal equipment in some competitions, and prevents us entirely to compete in other competitions, and that's frustrating as hell.
Your first source defines mass-shootings as four or more dead, however they exclude "*robbery, gang violence or domestic abuse in private homes.*", which I find to be a bit dishonest, when comparing with other countries.
We have Middelfart
Beautiful city, good beers and it is old.
This is, I presume, the same way I am opposed to the ideological direction of Socialism
I am a member of "ateistisk selskab" which you can probably guess what means ;-)
I thought too when I was a kid
) use a "traffic light" system that determines how often you need a checkup
I recently spoke with a girl from Portugal about this
Indeed lol
The part in the “()” was left out over time, but I remember my grand father still using it
I'd love to have such a smooth ride, but I'm too cheap so I'll get by with a manual.
Danes tend to overuse "that" in sentences
I know it's a very small minority, but they are prevalent
The old cities of Europe also have smaller roads
Looks fine to me
Dont you have an election next year
Comparing exports between a small country of 5 mill, and an economy that is very heavily dependent on and based on foreign trade, with a 50 times more populous region that spans more than the entire European continent and could easily be completely self sustained, but just happens to be one nation, doesn't make the slightest bit of Geo-economic sense.
Sadly I am at 4, maybe 5 (if a quick childhood visit at Christiansfeld counts - basically I only remember the honeycake)
rabbits are quite pricey compared to other white meats like chicken
Far from "really annoying" me, this is actually an incredibly tiny thing, but I hear it so persistently that it has started grating on me
If the EU wants to help that region, there are be better ways to spend the money
my parents used to speak german to my
It’s been 15 degrees here in Denmark for the last two weeks
This is not what EU is for; stay away
So they know how to feed a man, and I always have to get a schnietzel or currywurst when I’m in Germany
What is not important is preaching religion in school - that should be avoided
No-go zones are places where the fire department or the police are afraid to go in a single car, which there are plenty of in Sweden (some in Denmark as well)
Well we fiscally strict
Both are big, new and fancy, but don't let being "new and fancy" compromise too much with being interesting and informative
I've been to the London Eye
WAKE UP PEOPLE
Det vil jeg i hvert fald give dig ret i. Det er nok de to jeg bruger mest i hvert fald
Nothing about Denmark
It is the reason why Denmark, which is a very small country, has (or at least had until recently) a vast number of very different dialects
send help
Haha i don't think the Prime Minister ever told Australians to buy video games.
So it's probably something we have to get used to in the future
I have visited most, and while there aren't any that I wouldn't visit, some of those that I haven't yet visited seem far out into the future considering the other countries that I also want to visit
cupcake cafés. I have never seen one in my entire life
We still read them for kids though - it's a common baptism gift to give the 'child' the completed set of the stories
We stopped prosecuting people long before that.
They're polite, patient and considerate - FAR better than most other tourists
Hey fellow northerner
**Danish:** Trillebøren
As an avid Victoria 2 player I quite like the [Imperial Spanish Flag] Carlos true monarch of Spain Isabella you are just a silly imposter.
It really depends on the neoghbourhood bit I would say in general neighbours know each other better in the towns and less so in the cities
etc
Those were my thoughts as well.
The EU is not capable of doing such tough, the commision is.
I remember several local white christmasses in the 2000s
DTU
I wouldn’t want anything to do with such an institution if it were me
I generally drink black drip coffee but it's really more like a drug for me tbh.
Danish women don't have to change their surname when they marry (my mom didn't).
My grandfather used to answer the phone with his full name and jobtitle
\*shudders*
The kartoffel mad (potatoes) is the tastiest piece on the picture and quite the place to start if you want to taunt a dane.
Well that can be mended
At least from an outside perspective, I have no professional insight into screenwriting specifically
118 = one hundred and eight ten = et hundrede atten
Lets make a deal: You stay away from the sidewalk, we stay away from the bike paths
Alle de artikler man ser med xenofobiske englændere tror jeg også er noget overdrevet, så længe man arbejder og bidrager til samfundet tror jeg det er de færreste der har noget i mod at man bor der.
put mayo on it and il
I wouldn't say it's frowned upon - personally I doubt I would do it
I know that is very true in Denmark.
I will be going to France and Italy as always :(
Not in Denmark we still have nearly 18000 thousand Bosnians here, out of 20 something thousands we received during the war in Bosnia.
They'll do an hour about a suburb in Spain, about a cultural event, about Balkan or whatever they find interesting.
Wouldn’t that make Copenhagen the odd one out
Langt-bort-istan in danish
They focus a lot on mythical creatures and folklore in the earlier seasons, and even though the show is pretty cheesy at times, it leans into it and becomes pretty meta which is great imo - if you don’t mind a bit if cheese it’s great
I've heard more than once that "Its poison is powerful enough to kill you but it can't penetrate your skin"
Not sure
With the flags
Simply because there is a fully fledged dialect continuum within the upper German languages/variations/dialects that connects all the variations
However, the theme-parks aren’t really the place to go to when raining
Iran should start drawing manga
Autonomic cars might make that a reality
The misunderstanding was that “må” means “may” in Danish but “have to” in Norwegian
Those are very serious issues stemming from systematic issues with their society which we, as the more economically and socially advantaged part of the country, ought to help fix
You seem fun
I haven't heard about that, do you mean that Sakozy thought that Fillion was too extreme in the laws he proposed?
Georgia on my Mind
I believe the fact that they have no innovation of their own is pretty definite proof that their Chinese capitalism wouldn't function in a world where all governments adopted it.
It's only Sweden that has a different alphabet
Very Harry Potter
Was amazed by the CGI in that intro, but then I saw what the show was about holy shit
Good job <3
Everyone should give Trump a chance, he won't work alone anyway.
* Has your view of Sweden changed during the Corona virus crisis
Ohmy, i have been at cafe jens otto with my sister
Snow is also rare in Copenhagen these latter years
So you can’t be that unimportant
Have a boyfriend/girlfriend and having sex with them at around 15 to 16 is more normal than not
Must suck to have to deal with those assholes
I'll admit I don't get the Danish one
We are one single point behind Sweden
Women must feel safe everywhere.
(Uncertain of how much of GDP goes to foreign AID via the EU as the above is what we personally give)
i really dont like the danish accent
This is just a very bad imitation of Danish
Besides the (already mentioned..) thing about them being two different types of coffee, people also tend to drink them for different reasons I think.
Being fluent in Kamelåså, I didnt understand a thing either.
The donald isnt as bad as you make it
I've only heard that they colour a river green in a city in the US
Seven
and my gf and kid likes certain brands of bread
Australian    Federation of Aids  organizations They state that circumcision has  "no   role" in the HIV  epidemic
How dare you
I think it's good to be mindful of stuff like this
Statistics has a lot of interpretation involved.
In Denmark there are two that comes to my mind, The National Museum in Copenhagen or Moesgård outside of Århus
Happened again
Both my and my roommates books are all in English.
Which is mildly annoying, so I guess it checks out
Get back in /r/Denmark
Roliganism mate
Same in Denmark
Denmark
I'm not happy about it either, but I don't think it was that bad all things considered.
Without nations you would be more like a globalist or regionalist
I meant no offence, i was just trying to illistrate that AKP have problems with most major powers.
It's basically just a few national stereotypes and some kind of united 'African culture'.
I’ve been skiing in mürren a couple of times and I’ve had to wait several hours just to get to the cable car because of all the tourists
As someone who's still learning German, I would root for "das Nutella". Maybe because it is neuter gender in Danish, which can be interpreted as neutral gender
Hey can I do that too
Yeah, but in the south good food is life or death
I went to boarding school in Sønderjylland with people from all over the country including Bornholm and never had a single problem, I noticed very few pronunciation differences
We have at least 7 blades of grass you dehydrated cabbage
This has been the rule since Denmark entered the EU years ago.
Close enough
That's a green vest
Just don’t have a land war in Asia
You can either vote for a party or a specific person, the party votes are counted first
and was just generally a really cool guy
I want to compare numbers with Fyn
If you're really curious, I'd say your first past the post system is the root of all my issues with your politics.
It’s like a Phoenix
Because not everybody is part of the "we", who invites to this bastardization of European culture.
Yeah I think it's time Gibraltar stops being just Schengen area and starts being Spain area
Well there are on the Danish side as well but the Øresund link is under water when driving past that so what are you gonna do
In Danish (and I am pretty sure its the case in German too) we have a rule "if you can make it plural, then it's a compound word".
Do you mean geographically or socially?
Copenhagen - typical capital stereotypes, elitist, ignorant, snobbish
Jungledyret Hugo 1 & 2 are pretty nostalgic to me
I get almost angry every time I'm there (also the worst stretch of the Copenhagen Half Marathon)
Well yes
Само жеговамсе, българиа е хобово.
This ofc
Well if you don't count the fact that the European Parliament represents 510 million people, then yes.
Just in-case someone where wondering where Norwegian were on the map.
And German - like in Angels and Demons there's two Danes, one playing a German and one playing
You'd be mad not to be a member with those prices, but it's not a public company.
ANSI is preferred because it's better for programming and in general symbols are easy to type (imo)
>If there was no law in the country, he had the most who could take the most
The tradition of the candles on the evening of the 4th is that the BBC broadcast to Denmark in the evening of 4 may 1945 revealed that Germany had surrendered
I actually wouldn't mind that we also paid for lots of other things.
- We have a tendency to “settle” socially speaking, especially after a certain age
Even in the eastern part where I live now, there’s quite the difference between Randers, Mols and Aarhus
What exactly do you think more funding for scientist would have done to stop this outbreak
The Danish Unions oppose minimum wages Danish article.
Like in all big cities
I don't think the average American university student is respected higher than any EU student
* Norway: I really wanna visit Oslo and it´s a really beautiful country
Restore the Austro-Hungarian empire
etc
Keep your evil colonial mouth shut!
I hate those fuckers for being so damn cheap, that I cannot *not* fly with them ...
It's not a matter of whether or not you *like* the monarchy, but on paper they have a lot of power, even if they sensibly choose not to use it.
Pretty fucking amazing
He wrote more than 1500 psalms, 253 if which is in the standard book of psalms in the Danish church today, and religious or not - I don't think it is possible to grow up in Denmark without ever having heard some of them
I then found out that he knew multiple of my friends, and even went to a school nearby
Are you saying it was always like this:
A true symbol of equality
It's kinda funny
I now several people who contributes 1% of their taxes because it is tradition/culture/desire to maintain old buildings/what their parents thinks they should/Never bothered to actually visit the priest and declare your non membership.
as well.) it's usually meant in some pretentious way (That's how it sounds to me anyway.) like "I'm a citizen of the world!", "I'm not a tourist, I'm a traveler." and other such nonsense.
^^^Finland ^^^is ^^^not ^^^Scandinavia
Aksjualli, a star is the one making the metal
Et vår (one cover)
The reality is not really Less than 2%.
And fun fact, in Denmark we currently have a late night show who does a televisef christmas show with a new episode each day (traditionally called a televised christmas calendar)
[The trouble is that we don't say what we write]
Cnut the Great died in 1035
The issue wasn’t fixed, but the West now had both a debt crisis and an interest crisis (banks were charging 20-25% additional interest because of fears of government devaluation) along with it
Sure we have some pride in our frikadeller, but not nearly enough as the French have in their regional cuisine
This, interestingly enough, started with the Opium Wars
Maaaaybe at a fun fair once or twice
Eat fish oil
So let's say there's about 4 cubic metres of snow on the car, that's about one 1000 kg of snow
Google translate won't work on this link on my phone, but there's more of the same
All for the greater good
Not enough Kebab shops 0/10
The [Via della Conciliazione] was designed to emphasise the Basilica.
Natasja - Calabria]
At least they made the location ambiguous by calling it "Kattegat" - feels a bit silly, but I can live with it
At the moment EU parlaiment's anti corruption unit is looking into the case.
I started out incredibly tolerant, having grown up amongst middle eastern immigrants and refugees
Can you name other internationalist movements than the Socialist movement though
Don't we still have girl scouts
From Denmark, It happens I payed 150 euro in my gap year while working
000
no clue, maybe 20%. And that’s from a Dane: our language is just as much a potato in the mouth as Dutch
Many of the questions are highly complex and perhaps afford more open ended options (e.g.
At least at the places that I have been to
As long as you start the war with Italy as your enemy and end it with Italy as your ally, then you're doing great
That's a historical fact, whether you like it or not.
Completely scattered
All things considered it is only the plug and that it can charge normally via that safely, so they can still do more above that
But they do taste good
Hvor kommer du fra
Seems like roman salutes are highly televised and historians are unsure whether the ancient romans acutally used it as a salute
ah St
This is like when American liberals make those "The Queen of England makes Trump look like a dumb dumb"
Even had he won, the pattern of England's Danish rulers indicates that the country would probably have been back to Saxon rule within a few decades
It's just as good an example as any else
Glad to hear you like it so much
You could probably lump the Basques into that mix as well
Very interesting&mdash;this reminds me of a similar pond known as Devils Hole located in Death Valley
The germans of today are friendly, funny and very kind
He was *explicitly* referring to the North-Sea Saxons, the Ingaevones, that is, the Low Saxons
&#x200B;
Asking because I'm a semi-broke student.
There are many fish and chip places in Copenhagen
That makes sense, because my Ukrainian friend almost never uses the word “the” when she writes in English
I second this
Ironically it's often the people who complain about cats that starts the problems
I'd say maybe around 5% or less
A personal fav was/is Teen Kasia
Notice “live” not just visit
90% of the international community I was there with have since left to other European countries or went home
No we aren't!
And as always, if you have any ideas for the survey, criticisms, questions you want added, or just wanna say hi, leave a comment down below, and we'll take it from there
Also the sizes of everything you ordered from restaurants were completely unhuman lol
Winter starts on December 1st
I wonder what influence on our worldview it has, that we perceive language so differently from each other
The idea that Facebook would back off the biggest market on the planet because of a rule change is prepostorous
Ppl will talk about how big the US, but for me, the somewhat shocking thing is more how *samy* it is
I also know it was a trend in the 60s and 70s to not have a studenterhue at all, especially amongst hippies and progressives, so likely it wasn't something you wore back them other than on graduation day
The international media disagreed, and a lot of international news outlets showed up to something that essentially wasn’t news
It's a thing that takes generations to develope
If there's a bell in a pub and you ring it then the next round is on you
It's like very mild melancholy
That's... kinda the point with internationalism
We did slave trade long ago
Just to be clear the "hate" here is mostly a running joke
Sjåfør and sjokolade comes to mind, were we spell it with "ch" in Danish: chauffør and chokolade
But that's a whole other ballpark
If I’m served raw meat I ain’t gonna eat it
You sometimes hear it in movies and stuff, where an American (or whatever) will say "I got a new job
The lowest average GDP per capita of any municipality in region Sjælland is Lolland Kommune, at 311
It still seems like unnessecary mistreatment of an animal though.
Denmark: [We're down with bridges too - and artifacts
I honestly have no fucking clue how to don't see this as problematic
HAS DUMBING DOWN THE UK MADE YOUR PENSION IMPOTENT
I think it is when the swedes put up their majsstang
In Denmark it's: "When did Denmark own Norway
Everybody knows what Ribena is
We drink tap water in Denmark, I feel like it's something we take great pride in, but I've noticed depending on where you are it can taste slightly differently
There must be some seriously excessive zoning regulations, as available land can't possibly be an issue, when it comes to restriction of supply of homes.
Hele deres ide med slet ikke at lukke ned, kan jeg slet ikke forstå. Men danmark bliver nok også ramt af en anden bølge også må vi se hvor vi ender henne på skalaen, men tvivler stærkt vi overhaler svenskerne
It should be illegal to commit fraud.
It's usually okay, but sometimes it gets a bit close
I love that the countries still have different colors :)
Moony McMoonface because, if placed right, would pretty much always face the earth and therefore would literally be the face of the moon for us.
* Getting hospitalized because of too much alcohol - cut the entire shade off and look like an idiot
That was maybe the least deserved WC win of all time
It is truly a beautiful city; great museums and the canal cruises are very relaxing and informative
My clothes right now are literally black, grey and blue
I heard chungos as well
And that the Greek just grow out of the ground
And this was not an attack on you, *so.*
Indeed
**The original message in Danish:**
Not after the recent price hike on plastic shopping bags
Nej
Now do the same for British Aisles, British Ails and British Ales
Some woman named Britta Nielsen, found a loophole in our entire banking system, and managed to steal 111 million DKK
Scandinavia wasnt really a very civil place (only 200 year away from viking age) - this kind of up-rise/rebel was more due to barbaric leadership than the union itself.
Seems like they still be invading us every summer
A little less so with the very young and very old in most polls.
I just still think the current wage structure is not sustainable for Greece.
Norway - I love some Norwegian names because they sound like they came straight out of a fairy tale
If it did then Barcelona could decide to declare independence from Catalonia next Monday, then northern Barcelona could decide to declare independence from southern Barcelona the week after that, then a neighborhood could leave northern Barcelona, then a block of homes could leave the neighborhood etc
I remember another great Finnish act from the nineties Bomfunk MCs with Freestyler
There was also the question of which side Denmark would support if they had to, so Denmark was not really expected to fight the germans at all
remember remember the fifth of november
He is going to cook himself
NASA has a bigger budget and the US has Hollywood spitting out movies about NASA
When I walked bareheaded in the streets of Russia 20 years ago, babushkas would stop me and interrogatre "Young man, why don't you wear a hat?" and when I explained, that I didn't like to, they would answer "Well, do you like to get menigitis?"
There are no second wave as its just the virus moving from new york and through the rest of the country
You mean swedes
Pretty sure the program was made by Estonians, and the company by Swedes.
Related to this EU agreement is also a law that states that member countries needs to treat other EU citizens in their country on the same level as their own citizens
Funny thing is, 40 is also called fyrretyve, even though it doesn't come from base 20
I obviously still wash myself morning and evening, but I will only shower when my hair feels dirty
In general, economists make predictions based on their ideological position.
Or we go back to old Norse
I'll take a hundred Le Pen's over 1 of them.
This is so frigging gold and tells a lot about the current situation between the european union and russia
besides the vikings and proto-Scandinavian old Norse before them, there are also the oral histories of the Inuits myths from greenland
So it's all a guess
don't really see how that's substantially different (or better).
I've never heard anyone refer to a faroese person as a Dane
It claims to be sourcing GDP per capita data from the CIA factbook, but a closer examination shows that the data is either a decade out of date or gotten elsewhere, none of the recent data sheets on CIA factbook show the same data as what this site is showing
Culturally, they are very distinct ofc
People who vote for the right wing
Why would Luxembourg have a problem with Bismarck?
A few kilometers from there, you can drive down a long gravel road to reach a much smaller parking lot where the marked path is much longer (8 km)
No worries, it’s not you guys’ fault primarily
I study Medicine in Odense, easier to get into (I think) compared to Copenhagen (More people want to study in the capital)
It's a new company, so maybe you haven't heard of them.
But im not a snus connoisseur so im not 100% sure
Nazis were German supremacists not some international group
If you learn a second language, part of learning that language means learning their culture and history - f.ex
fucking french bastard
Hell, Scania (and Blekinge and Halland) has been Danish for longer than it has been Swedish
No Scunthorpe either
> Where did I do that
In Danish, a wrench is called a 'svensknøgle' (Swedish key, don't know if there is a better translation for the last word) but I doubt it's called that in Sweden and I don't think they could ever invent something like that.
You can click [this link] to see how it's done
Or the huge influx of muslim immigrants in sweden shifting demographics to be more anti semitic...
Do you know that this is r/Europe
I hope you have a great time
There's also a terrible Steven Seagal movie I can't remember the name of where the evil terrorists are Danish for some reason
That makes guns almost 100 times more deadly than knives
As in born in a country in Europe.
Here it's a mix of the different kinds, but we don't really think of them as Danish or Norwegian
There are still laws, there are still owners of land etc
I tried drawing Wales' flag once
Right next to Tivoli is Carlsberg Glyptoteket
At least that’s how it was for me in eastern Jutland and western Jutland
The idea of a soft k is one of the many reasons why Sweden sucks
You can see two seas meet, with the naked eye
Why
Yes
Sweden
Just accept that everyone is going to want to go to Germany and just give up?
It's not so extreme anymore, but a generation ago it was much more common for Danes growing up in Southern Jutland (near Germany) to get a lot of German culture/language through radio and TV.
I've personally seen it with all combinations of i / j and v / u.
Either that or: "slap lige af mand" and everybody staring in anger
He woke up on a coast alone, all his crewmembers drowned
Also:
As a Swede also mentioned: in Scandinavia we like to leave babies outside in their strollers during nap time
I don't know if you recognise that, but it is your countrymen, people like Negri and Tronti, who put those ideas in my head
Larger (and perhaps slightly fancier and pricier) supermarkets might have stuff like a bakery, a deli counter and such, but the small ones and the discount-oriented ones generally don't.
We where sleeping in a tent we rented
” in Danish
Letting those hundreds of thousands walk across all borders essentially destroyed any chance of a wider European solution by making it clear it was every nation for itself.
To me it sounded like an angry rebuttal (e.g. "*how dare you make a light-hearted comparison out of this terrible man
But here are the (belated) answers of the 2020 community survey
We just cancelled the whole thing
> But the second wave isn't showing in US deaths yet
Was standing in the living room, looking outside on the fog, and the naked trees, wiping sweat off my brow saying "is it hot in here or what
Weeds growing everywhere and through everything
I can barely see a thing when I go home at 4
" So it's a bit of a silly pun I always found kinda funny
If you do, it will be filmed and put on youtube
It is difficult to translate
Not sure if it counts as patriotic but born in the usa
That's it
Definitely not
We have a weird form of “currency nationalism”
Half the people in this thread has no idea what socialism is
That's really smart
While the right might threaten EU and immigration.
how many know the sound of typewriters these days?
Yup, and in this process we've wasted a lot of tax resources
TBH you lot *do* sound preeetty Bavarian.
Written Norwegian is basically the same as written Danish
That is a funny way to spell Nøkken
In practice, their governments are very devolved
Should have stopped at the danelow.
We hang out our flag when someone in the household has their birthday
There is a lot of guesswork and application of fantasy involved.
*hug*
You could at least help us this time around
My Navalny supporting friends usually focus on his battle against corruption which is can understand why they find it appealing.
ALL social benefits are paid as taxable income.
From a Swedish wiew, Denmark bad, Norway nice
Have seen it multiple times, not really that unusual
Southwest of Sicily on this map
But you have double as many exams in Odense
However, when you start with the "hurr durr free healthcare isn't free" in a discussion, you are derailing what we are talking about - the rest of us understand the context
Yet Germany didn't start becoming an active threat to Denmark until after unification, which means that until the 19th century, our primary concern was always Sweden
problem is investigation and proof
Leaving out the Conservatives and the Communist/Socialists.
The average cost of that per person is between 6000-8000kr
I understand that's not possible with a Belgium sub for obvious reasons, but isn't everybody in theory required to learn each other's language?
I like the other version better
That ussually has some retention
**Norway**
Destroy -> Tilintetgøre -> Til (to) & intet (nothing) & gøre (do/make)
For girls: Margrethe
I have nothing against Americans.
I feel like we have a surprising amount of soda producers considering how small a nation we are
You can be "against" it, but you might as well be against gravity or sunlight.
Im fairly certain that moss/mosse (norwegian/danish) translates to 'bog'
It would very unpopular and extremely difficult to enforce.
Thats just a shitty excuse from a person who has given up his country
*Divide et impera* is a real risk.
Communism has repeatedly failed that test of any system
Yeah, I just figured it was a bit too small, but maybe not.
Also: What beer is best
Honestly the first time i heard about it I was genuinely surprised, firstly that Finland had a civil war and secondly - as someone who knows a lot of history - that I knew nothing of it
Bars can be anything from 11 am - 5 am, with some "after hours" places open from 1 am to like, 9 or 10 am
I got instantly annoyed at her greeting me and when she started trying to converse I assumed she was mentally unwell
We dont have submarines
Christianity is just one of an infinite number of fairy tales atheists does not believe in.
Alaska has a population of 0.74 million Bulgaria 7.25 million, but still needs montenegro to match.
I was in Hong Kong in 25+ degrees and some people were wearing Timberlands and thick coats
I do know that people on r/denmark make fun of RUC almost as much as they do of people who study the humanities though, but they may not be the best source
But if they have a special exibition, I head there as soon as I can
If you give up on investing because "well I won't be a millionaire tomorrow, so what's the point", you won't move one bit economically
If you ever have had a beer from cask you will know they are very light in carbonation, similar to what Guinness aims to mimick with the nitrogen
But because the unions are almost universally seen as a positive we still retain 70% unionisation of the workforce
Then you have the gall to say *"You guys can start by reducing consuption drastically"*
Hello fellow danes
As a Dane I have to point out the basis of the article is stupid.
Not being a genocide denier here, im really curious why this has gone completely unmentioned in the 5 years of highschool/college history I took
But
The HP series is filled with name translations to create the same name "clues" the English version has
In Denmark, the big fear is for the Danes to lose influence in the political sense
Oh fuck, I completely read it wrong.
Fewer than USA or Europe in total.
Yeah, it can be used for anything, really
But equality and caring for society's weakest are pretty basic building blocks.
And since Google and KODA aren't good friends right now, everything that has to do with KODA is blocked at the moment
Fuck
....  The BMA considers that    the evidence concerning health benefit from  non-therapeutic   circumcision  is insufficient for this alone to be a  justification for   doing it
I am glad that you have finally come to accept our rightful possession of Norway and calculate our income as one
I think the Nordic model is far superior to other European system.
"To
Ohh
Sweden, frick them
Who is the other person
Now out all of that on things that only a Dane would know, and you have r/dankmark
Our numbering system
(I was surprised to learn about that)
That's true, but it serves as an important lingua franca between the ethnic groups nonetheless, and the number of speakers is only prospected to increase over the years
Are there other English language schools in Moscow they can attend?
I watch it every Christmas
If you’re more to a different kind of rap ill find Them just tell me :)
Oh and btw it kinda cracked me up anyways, regardless of if it was a joke or not
Lol, i will eat some waffles then
But if there is one thing we Danes have to deal with, it is having the most unpronounceable language in the world
" To "Yippie-Ki-Yay bror lort" which means (Yippie-Ki-Yay shit brother)
Local communities gather together and light a large bonfire.
In Danish there is a proverb that sounds something like this:
Tarm: Intestine
Christian was himself caught in this, as a child through the brutal upbringing by his noble tutor which only worsened his condition, and after he succeeded his father at the age of 17
But as I grew older, I started to take more [Infomation] on what the Germans had done to redeem them self
yeah i know someone that puts three sachets in at a time
I cannot forget what they did in France,U.K and Germany in 2016-2017 period
Swedes are all just a bunch of fatties, who could learn a thing or two from the fit Danish Chads
Honestly, from living in Copenhagen for 10 years, my experience is that many Copenhageners think of their dialect as "standard Danish" and 100% subscribe to elitist bullcrap, even when they claim to be left wing
I think stress has a much larger negative impact on life expectancy and general health than one might think
all it's missing is a barbed wire fence surrounding it
This purchess is pure nonesense.
It's because it's Sweden and you're Swedish.
You just made an enemy for life
Then you have people playing on their ipads
Small detail but definitely think it makes people pay less respect to the bike path
> USA number one
Also "at være græsk katolsk" / "to be Greek catholic". Meaning you don't care at all
The forced Swedinization of the east danes and subsequent cultural genocide is a blemish on Sweden
'Cause Brexit was basically built on lies, and holds no ACTUAL benefits for Britain
It's sort of like The Czech Republic I suppose.
You have a chance, as long as you make political statements against Russia, you're good to go.
Damn, Norwegians are much more kinky than I thought
It discourages hierarchy and being a smug asshole
I experimented with different levels of nicotine for about a month until i decided to step all the way down over the course of a week.
In a live TV transmission a very left winged female wanted Denmark to recall a military destroyer from joining up with an American led mission to Syria.
Possibly because of Kalmar Union and the Queen being Danish at the time.
Otherwise we'll have to compare cities in Jutland with their German names, Haderslev/Hadersleben etc
Norway also has to pay to the EU, has no representation in the EU, have to adopt EU rules as the rest of the EU, all for pretty much just autonomy on agriculture and fishing, compared to regular EU members.
And normal link without a bunch of countries preselected:
As soon as Brexit goes through, I expect Indyref 2 will happen the day after
avert an unlawful attack that has begun or is imminent, provided that such acts do not
Plenty came before, plenty came later
What do you think will happen to the group if Russia gets banned on Dec 9th
It's mostly the rain and darkness I dont like
The city I come from, Aarhus, had for a long time exactly one skyscraper(-inspired) building
Right now, the big issue in Denmark is a reform program, the 2025 plan, the government proposed but has trouble finding support for.
I’ve been skiing in mürren a couple of times and I’ve had to wait several hours just to get to the cable car because of all the tourists
I think that's also the purpose of it
I sleep less, have less ridget meal times
Here in Denmark we haven't had a single day of snow through the entire winter
Still flattered that a Swede said something positive about us lol
Rungsted: now a place where Rich people live, but the name originated from old words for pigsty
You need custom/passport checks at borders with non-Eu nations
Pretty much
I was so hoping there would be a German replying this question with exactly this type of answer
You are continuing the rather infamous founding myth of the Icelandic republic by Icelandic nationalists (ref
The Danish state was an absolute monarchy at the time, which meant he couldn't be declared insane and thus was forced to stay in power to keep up the power balance of the state and the court
Never in my life had a thought of a sixth form having assembly, much less so often
They usually come with a lift, although sometimes they also use ladders
It's sometimes offending to call someone by their last name.
When will CETA come into force?
Is Nokia still in Finish hands
Geef me de grasmaaier
If you take away the symbolism of nations you don't really have nations left
Which was it
Yea, it's a way of framing people from places like Randers or Hjørring as particularly "backwards". IMO, it's disgusting
Do you buy the house but rent the plot, or do you own the plot as well
Unless you live *in* Grenaa itself, it's pretty much also one of the most rural parts of Midtjylland isn't it?
The other way around; Danish has no word for "please". We have ways to sound polite (we just don't use them much) but no single word or phrase, that are always used
That doesn't mean that it's incorrect, though.
Amen brother
I'm happy that things are going well in Poland - economically anyway
I resent this (but pretty much)
Du skal vide, jeg tog fra Militærets Grunduddannelse med højeste anmærkning
You are talking about the state of Saxony
Now do the same for British Aisles, British Ails and British Ales
You are correct that Islam is not necessarily anti-wealth creating.
I thought Europeans were supposed to be more educated than Americans.
"I'm only being an asshole and making mean spirited jokes about Italy and Spain because those guys were assholes to Americans
Really stuff like this wouldn't really hurt him job wise more than having burned the book already did.
Because painted bike lanes are slippery, which is shit.
Christ, that's expensive even by *our* standards
Jeg er trænet i guerilla krigsførelse, og jeg er den bedste snigskytte i hele Forsvaret
You might end up having to follow all our ^^^^dane laws but with no say, makes me nostalgic
This variation is NOT the same as dialect (which includes regional grammar and vocabulary)
Tell me more, tell me more
[Suspekt - Kinky Fætter]
My grandmother, his wife, I've been told helped set up the first co-ed union for teachers
Also, on Danish birthdays in general, there are Danish flags everywhere
Just one of the many reasons for why the Russian revolution happened
Did people forget about [Google Photos classifying people with dark complexion as gorillas]
It was a nice idea, but just not enough to ensure independence and deter aggressive nations.
I for one had not seen it before - one of todays lucky ten-thousand, I guess.
boys
The government is a minority government that needs backing by parties that does not directly support this.
Often, the issue is fixed in a week or two
There doesn't seem to be as much posturing or as many inflated egos on the other side of the bridge
I’ve only seen a few Ladas in my country
Online communities tend to encourage asshole behavior.
My uncle is the ‘boss’ at this hotel, so i Got the spot easily
Renting cars is expensive in Denmark (and possibly in Norway and Sweden aswell; haven't tried so don't know) and gas costs about $5-$6/gallon across Scandinavia, so I would limit driving-time and do low-budget airlines or trains/buses for the long stretches.
Kronborg Slot (UNESCO heritage site also featured in Hamlet)
There's, luckily, also a lot of social realism though, and increasingly also contemporary social realism
They economy is big enough to not be in EU, and they have London which is a economy power house in itself, they will do fine
I know hate is a strong word, but it was beyond disliking
I never claimed he was a good man
It's a lot more difficult in cities that have not planned for bikes.
Wtf isn't it all just shades of green or brown or something?
Greece’s economy is thoroughly fucked all throughout the whole country
And the polish voters are cheering
first thing being that the danish flag is rarely used for patriotic reasons
The toilets by the boats, near Kgs
I think the only thing they would agree on is if the EU sends them free money every month
The EU is not going to let people flood over the borders again, they will and can turn people around.
> It can join the Faroes
But  so remembered I "inversion". Thereafter came I in thought about that danish do have different grammatical rules
I don't get it
In Copenhagen there are a lot of foxes, which you sometimes see
To be fair, white Christmases are very rare in Denmark
Again, this is tied to the concept of base and superstructure
It seems a symptom of the fact that big chunks of UK media has essentially been using the EU as a scapegoat for every problem imaginable for decades now (while never giving the EU credit for all positive regulations and whatever else that actually improve people's lives)
Something about pedophiles needing outlets and "well, sometimes they're not REALLY hurting them
We've had the Dankort since the late 80s, a debit card all Danish banks issue and can be used in all Danish card terminals.
It shouldn't be taboo to show a person that you care and love them, no matter their gender, even when it is in a purely platonic way
I mean, I can't really think of any major city in Denmark that isn't primarily working class
In Denmark and probably most of Europe; French hot dogs are a thing.
Their voice is worth just as much as mine is when the vote is counted.
A cooking show made a sketch about it
I don't mind the lack of it, although I do like to hike in big nature areas such as you would find in Norway or Sweden
I got to crawl through to the other end, but the part that went out to the bunker was too unsafe
That year in 1982, the contest was held in Harrogate in the United Kingdom
She kept insisting that my English proficiency alone should basically qualify me for a managerial position and I kept trying to tell her that *everyone* speaks English, is expected to speak English, and I'm not special
Sweet
It's terrible
You also have sparsely populated places in Europe where the police can take a long time to get there
You Swedes and your good internet.
Many of those could easily have died
Nationalities don't really equal ethnicities, and as other have mentioned, we've been banging across country borders for ages in Europe
Every year Aalborg hosts northern Europe's largest carnival :)
From time to time you will hear labour unions and social democrats say talk about "social dumping" aka.
I'm halfway joking, but there was a political party they was called "Befri Fyn" (Liberate Fyn) and most of their agenda was to have Fyn sceded and then tax everyone wanted to use things from Fyn
A dog is not a human even if you believe it has a soul.
We are very worried about the Swedish invasion
We don't really baby proof our homes, except for a gate on stairs and a few other things
This is my favorite example of it:
I cannot forget what they did in France,U.K and Germany in 2016-2017 period
Build a wall and let Greece pay for it.
That was clearly not the point of what I wrote
Well it works for Copenhagen as you also have roads without road taxes for the ones that want to drive, and both city trains (S tog) and a metro.
Which basically no one in Europe still has.
Well it's called Jul, and many don't celebrate Jesus as much as just eating, drinking, dancing, singing and gift-giving with family and friends.
It can be the supreme never to be repeated impossible achievement
So low taxes for businesses and user pay systems aka Capitalist model?
Is the same true for the UK
I know there was talk about this before Trump, but that seemed mores as...
\*shudders*
my bedroom window gets the evening sun in all its glory, which is also just super sweet for me who is used to winters in the minus double-digits, but I do get some sleep at least
My girlfriend is a monster who puts butter under Nutella
This is a comedy movie about a heist
Tjekkiet - Czechia
That's a Danish murermestervilla if I ever saw one
Anyone got the link to the video
I honestly don't know how we do it
Young danes are quite infamous in the Czech capital for being an obnoxious bunch of drunken assholes
Depending on the dialect, no
And completely unaffiliated with Paradox.
It's quite good, yeah
Norway is in the European Economic Area, meaning you have to follow the laws that the EU enforces
Dont look at us
Certainly not to the South American, middle eastern or Asian countries
The Opium Wars are viewed as either the worst or second worst thing to have happened to China, as it was literally the start of the subjugation of China and the Century of Humiliation
(Denmark)
Nope
There's a lot of curviness in art deco too, although it's usually streamlined/smooth curves, which fits well with the cowl of the Reaper here, and also the neck on the man is a smooth line
Absolutely
In the six states that swung to Trump, the final polling average had Clinton ahead in three - Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.
Every summer vacation we were handed this magazine with activities in our municipality, though
Do you have any filters in place to make your Reddit experience a little less overwhelmingly American (or just more catered towards your personal interests)
Username checks out
To follow your logic we could say that instead of Denmark sending so much money to EU, EU could instead choose Danish export articles to be sent to countries in need of them
Most marsupial names in Danish are just the name of a completely unrelated placental animal with "pung-" in front ("pung" means pouch in this context)
Generally, the richest are Moscow and St
He had a reason for not showing up to court - there was no guarantee of him getting a fair trial.
When I backpacked in Australia I really wanted to go to Aernem Land to see the aboriginal stuff and tracks of the Macassan sailors, but since I couldnt rent a car it just wasnt feasible
* Wood (mostly imported): 19,2 %
Russia's goal has always be destabilization of the west
Spain's song that year was an Argentinian Tango
I think because they're a candidate for EU membership
EU signs pact with Cuba to normalize relations
Well it depends
Say you make 30
[Removed my original post
Outside of Europe i like New Zealand the most
I forget what the one in the south west of Slesvig was about.
And the pictures were aweful
I'd rather not see the world as I know it burn.
It is child protection and an immutable right to bodily integrity
Him: “Aweso-“
That's why it's a bullshit neoliberalist argument to begin with
I see what you did there
Tbh you could probably sell a stick to those people, and tell them to shove it up their ass to cure their back problems
We look weird without it
Denmark is higher than Sweden
Me neither
How does wykop.pl compare to reddit, and /r/polska?
But there are plenty of bicyclists and pedestrians on the larger roads here.
The crusade and destruction of the Wends was described as self defence/revenge and the conquering of Estonia as a righteous and Christian crusade
Yeah, let's skip the KalmarReunion and do the North Sea Empire again instead
Thanks
Luckily some of them are coming back, though I don’t think Prague is included in the plans for Copenhagen
Oxygene (part IV) was groundbreaking in the 70’s and is instantly recognisable to millions of people
Nowadays, it's one of the busiest waterways in the world
This has been an ongoing story for the past year in DK.
Yet she found me very rude for saying I never said hello or goodbye, so different strokes
It's actually gotten ridiculous these days:/
Djån mæid hes væi tu a tavørn tru de daak fowest, åwnli tu faind aut dat hi fogot de moni
There are many people that say they are Christian, and Atheists at the same time
Okay, makes sense then
Ill just throw some of the ones i listen to at you
What is your favorite football club?
Nah
Yeah, i live in Copenhagen and i've never been inside Thorvaldsens museum, Amalienborg or the townhall just to mention a few
Zealand is the english spelling
Ah, back to the status quo
That rant was pretty epic
Luckily its becoming a more common discourse in the public sphere atm, but two years ago when I was a temp at a local school, they were still using the book that taught us the "false story"
Love that city
2019 VW Golf 1,5 TSI EVO ACT BlueMotion (130 HP), 6 speed manual, Price: $39,091 (€35,253)
Moldovans are almost as uncommon on this sub as Belarusians
Vatikanstaten - Vatican City
Greenland is part of Denmark - their country facing such severe issues is if not our fault then at least our responsibility to help improve
I would say this[ photo from the migrant crisis of 2015]
Capitals are only really known in the biggest states
That's interesting
The word "doppelgänger". Straight up stolen, and also very similar to Danish "dobbeltgænger".
And there are still people alive today who remember that time
– Vi har varit tvungen att ta platser som kostade 5 000 kronor per dygn, även om vi flyttade barnet efter två dygn, säger förvaltningschef Pia Andersson.
And you base that on what
last year we celebrated the 800th birthday of our flag, which according to legend fell from the sky under the battle of Lyndanisse in 1219 and helped us win
Admittetly
> Danes go shopping in Germany afaik
lol We can't "sanction" Erdogan or Putin or whatever.
Overall I feel the EU is a great positive force and is happy to pay
The executive power shall be vested in the King
Actually no it's not, it's a lot easier to utilize scale when you actually have scale.
When I was a young child I lived in the US for a few years, and it took me a while, and only after starting in elementary school to realize that our flag wasn't "the international birthday flag" which I had thought for a while
But then it slows down Avignon-Nice T.T
They did marginally vote no in 1972 at the same time that Denmark marginally voted yes
Untill we get more letters in the alphabet, we are stuck with this
I've just googled OECD and 2060, I can't find the report you're referring to
For instance, Aalborg is currently ranked number 4 in the entire world for Engineering
Yes, we use "[Langbortistan] The name was invented in 1959 by Sonja Rindom, a Danish translator of Disney cartoons
“Sorry, we don’t ship to Denmark” is quite common
The little house - det lille hus
German: Understand every other sentence or so, not as easy as Swedish though
Petersburg last
I'm 19, my mom doesn't care one bit if i bring a girl over as long as i don't wake her up
> Hoekstra, who was born in the Netherlands but raised in Michigan as a staunch social conservative
In addition to the other Danish versions already mentioned, we sometimes say "Hvor kraverne vender" - where the crows turn around - to refer to something far away (from civilization, sometimes, but also just far away)
We learned British English but talk much more like Americans.
Politicians like Sanders and Ocasio-Cortez, and their supporters, frame socialism (in a vulgar way) here as _merely_ the progress of class struggle, such as in the fight for unionisation, higher wages, lower hours, etc
Look man, it don't work
Danes as a people originate from there
It depends on the person and their show.
An area is a ghetto if the following is true
Gay carnivals, gay football clubs, gay night clubs etc.
Just flat mumbling without anything in particular going on
My brother, however, would basically drink 1 liter per day
But of course then you wrote:
It’s probably for the best that you didn’t mention Randers
that's an oversimplification and a half, isn't it
Never heard that, but I have heard "Du store kineser"
It's basically just a wide "river" in Copenhagen today, but now people working in the city are turned away, when they try to go back to their homes in Malmø, because the border control doesn't accept their residential documentation
But when you look at countries around the world that accept "Genuine Refugees" the top 5 are all western advanced countries, the USA, Canada, Australia, Norway and the UK.
Tak is thanks in danish and yes in polish
TIL Dutch people are Lamas
For Iceland its the Edda, written in the 13th century
Am Dane, can confirm
We use it when going to the doctor's or hospital or other health-related places
He was smiling when he said: "The man does not smoke or drink.
Actually Muslims are more likely to radicalize than move away from religion.
You have insulted our brother
They come off as very rude
You really think he will last more than 2?
I Met loads of french, english, german, swedes and americans
But people have never assumed that my academic level was lower because I went there
They all just accept that is the name and no reasons given.
But when I see Ole written, I see [this]
Bothered know which influence it has on our individuel worldview, that we perceive language so different from each other
I know it's confusing
Right next to Tivoli is Carlsberg Glyptoteket
I have only heard that the effect was positive - rebuilding Germany and stopping radicalisation.
Like "food" as high school was nothing less than sugar and fats
This is just a nordic thing but dont call danes “norwegians” or “swedish” and reverse
That accounts for roughly 10 % of the Danish renewable power generation
It's still on the low side
Great way to takle youth unemployment.
Many of us are even fluent in your language for this reason
It's expensive and you can easily find better not that far away
But I think the theory is that very few Danes, compared to other countries, see the need for holding stocks, bonds and savings because welfare
Haha, you got me
Tordenskjold lived like 700 years after the Viking Age had ended though
The movies were wrong
I think you might wanna look up who Olof Palme is my friend ;) Otherwise yes, you're right
- stuff that from an European point of view is stereotypical americana but the good bits.
Winter started a month ago
Looks like a health potion
He just sort of spun a tale about how "he found it on the ground and was going to give it to me", but 5 seconds before he had literally knocked into me and I felt him take it out of my pocket since my hand was in the pocket as well
I beg to differ
You don't know how bad Greece has shit the bed
Thats what makes it impressive - Sadly, there is some context missing here, but she is adjusting her abstraction level according to the question, which is what makes this so good (in my opinion)
It's the same with Denmark, only teens that caters kids or other teens.
Vollsmose
My memory goes past the last five minutes so I recall he was stuck in Hong Kong before being stuck in Russia.
BUT IF ANYONE ELSE THEN ME MESSES WITH MY FAMILY they are going to regret it
A foot is still a foot - regardless of being the preferred unit (which is another issue)
Atleast I know that he hired some Danes and Swedes to “help out” down there
Below is the countries I have spend some time in (some years, some just hours) and why I like them (or not):
Our son (age 17) is away at school but is of course equally welcome to bring home girls (or boys)
I think it’s more of an “inner city”-smell tbh, and it’s not there all the time (like the fertilizer-smell inland), but when walking down the street in Copenhagen (or Aarhus/Aalborg for that matter) I find that you sometimes get that unpleasant “sewer-smell” punching its way into your nose
Imo Gøtudanskt is without any doubt the most easily understandable Scandinavian language
Made me think of when I was young and on vacation in France
They didn't have motorways in the early 19th century
You can "disable" it by changing your youtube to GB instead of your native language
Tourism to Bulgaria is growing by leaps and bound, and it will probably continue growing in the future, considering most people in W.
I know it's confusing
Belgrade surprised me when I was on interrail.
What’s that
I like šaltibarščiai the most, cepelinai is ok, Kvass is fuckin horrible..
My professor, who is one of the leading researchers in the 1864-1920 period of danish foreign politics, described him as the man captaining a ship through pitch darkness in between two icebergs.
I think that's generally the case for Scandinavia
It's clean and simple and elegant, if anything.
Why are you like this, Finland
I remember doing fine without either, but now I certainly won't live without
They have no real roadmap for getting there, and no idea how leaving the EU would bring them closer to achieving this.
well, depending on how you translate them
So what we import is irrelevant
I wish people would start shutting up and not mention "Turkey will never become a member when they behave like this" BS.
There's a reason why the stork no longer visit
It emits carbon but would have emitted that carbon too if it was spread out in the manure
I wish
I actually don’t know if it’s required by law, but in Denmark, 95% of people I meet had cooking class in school
> But as soon as they open their mouths you just hear a single initial consonant, followed by a long string of slurred diphthongs
I don't think it would work in modern times since monarchs are more figureheads than rulers of the country
18-22ish
Why
But how will this be implemented
Given this extreme imbalance of power between the UK and EU, it is most likely that the UK will get a trade deal that bends it over and fucks it in the ass or none at all.
And there are also those who just walk on their own, in Copenhagen
Since Sweden doesn't have æ or ø, why would you care where Denmark and Norway have their letters
There is like a field that moves from the north and it rotates a bit and when it hits us with a shitty winter it will hit with a hot sommer almost every time as well
Which birth control method protects against rape?
Privatøkonomi, personal finance, becomes private economy
Apparently one of the least corrupted countries if not the least corrupt overall, although corruption is rising and we wish there was less corruption, corruption has grown in recent years at long from what people tell me and listening to the news
Once got season tickets for my daughter and me as a xmas present; she loved going like every 4-8 weeks
You must have had some awfully long swords back in the day.
Nope, you’re competing with Danes who are fluent in Danish *and* English
The real problem is that banks are allowed to finance political parties in the first place.
Skovperkere
Im not sure the english like him so much
Not a lot of action, it's right between the big cities of Odense and Copenhagen drawing most of the action
If we keep the draft, it should inkludere females.
Also, isn't it funny how the poorest countries which won't be able to contribute much show the most enthusiastic attitude towards the idea?
Although it does seem a bit weird to me at least, that while we in Denmark have a very
Probably that we hate the swedes and that Skåne is a part of Denmark
I admit to just bringing out the popcorn and watching it all go up in flames until everything implodes
There are stories though, of people living in the woods, but they will never be able to have full privacy
Yes, a lot of the time it is cold and dark here, so you will find a lot of indoor sports and activities
Nothing about Denmark
That price is similar to here as well
Copenhagen, you wont find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy!
When I went to Louvre I just bought a ticket from a small shop and bypassed the huge line.
Yeah, we have "menneske" which is the same as "Mensch". It is used fairly often as well
These people who commenting like “Armenia is in Europe” do not even know what they are defending for
EUROP STRONK
> There's several different views on the matter
My country (Denmark):
But I know my granddad only wore his on his gradutation day, and he graduated around 1945-ish, maybe a year or two later, can't recall
Finland used to be a baltic nation, before the rest of the baltics were annexed
“Hambros Allé” is probably the most expensive street (in the Hellerup departement)
> Actually the influence of English on our language make people put in spacing in words that should be a compound
I think it has to do with language, accessibility and self-reinforcing effect
Ohh but we have thought ahead this time, global warming is real and we started it as a defence against the swedish icewalkers!
(Especially if you're not Scandinavian yourself)
I'd suggest focusing on fewer cities.
Vi minder sku lidt om hinanden alligevel (;
No such thing exists
The Danish Wikipedia has few articles, which isn't great, but what's worse is how lacking the ones that are there are
Farlig Fredag with Onani (masturbation)
Well you get a diffrent kind of tingeling sensation in between your legs on a bidet than when firing assault riffles that's for sure
he said, that planting trees is a decent idea
TIL: Romans didn't like Bosnia and Herzegovina
That is the best part about a religions
Male names: Per, Henning, Poul/Povl, Henrik, Jens, Wagn, Ib, Steen
The pension plans and share ownership is a lot bigger than the private debt.
Denmark has all of these things too, if you're even Danish
Are you guys allowed to get married at 15
It's very violent but fun
We set a candle in our window during the evening, to show respect and remember the fallen soldiers who helped gain our freedom and liberation from the germans
Men inderst inde ved vi jo alle godt, at Svensk er værd at glemme
Træffes beslutning efter stk
Of who
It's also interesting to note that other health organizations have responded to their statements pretty much calling bs, and american health organizations never have a rebuttal, nor do they ever seem to respond to the statements of any other health organization
ALL the time
It's only Sweden that has a different alphabet
It's also pretty normal for some families to go to theme parks or water parks in other countries for a weekend or a small get-a-away
Det skulle du helst have haft hvert år gennem hele folkeskolen :)
But having too many parasites inside the system weakens it
Are invisible Germans trying to steal your bikes again
I didn't even know Norway had afterski songs (though it makes sense)
Which is obviously ridiculous
My parents had the same caravan for nearly 20 years.
stop
We have two major parties who both are seen as being placed in the middle of the political spectrum but each point slightly towards left/right
If you had been a little more open to hear our point of view, maybe you would have learned that most of Europe's hate speech laws were born in the years after World War II where a certain individual had used "name-calling" to incite hatred against certain ethnic groups to the point where not many people complained when those groups were whisked away to death camps.
But the reusable masks are not as protective
Just wait until you hear about Denmark, we have dialects that some of us can't even understand
They were in western Europe, parts of France and western Denmark, i believe
MERKEL will not be intimidated
Being middle Eastern implies being Asian
It's quite weird coming home from the Canary islands, to an even hotter Denmark
(Aarhus-området)
Ah I love Lego though, I'd totally go
So yeah I would say there is more or less a new story somewhere in the media every day, whether or not they have led to someone being fired/stepping down is another story
Holland (Nederlandende is not used though it is correct also) - Netherlands
For 1 DKK you can get 2 packs of yeast and basically nothing else lol
So business as usual, life will just suck more for especially young people in the UK
Maybe it's just the one guy, but he just doesn't drink very much.
Meh, it’s fine
I mean that if the population wants a strong welfare, very limited immigration, legal weed, NATO membership etc.
Yeah, why bother memorising all these small countries, when Russia's gonna incorporate them all in 2022
I don't hold Dutch citizenship, I don't speak Dutch, I'm not very familiar with Dutch politics, yet that's my country?
No pasta expert but I feel like the difference expresses itself more in the texture, shape of the pasta and the broader selection rather than the taste itself
Then again, I know some of the German states or UK counties as well  it isn't something we are taught, as we don't have much use for knowing them, just like you, in the US, don't have much use for knowing the Danish kommuner or German bundesstaat
There was also disgusting things like "woman torture" and stuff like that in his search history
It was icy cold and incredible
I think it is both compassionate and common sense, in that it is a good long term investment
Kinda looks like a spider from this angle
Would say almost everyone recognize and remembers the Russian one
Yes, but in the "cheating" example it's 100% the woman's fault if the child lives in poverty.
Pretty sure it’ll be over relatively fast
In the 70's nudity was almost compolsury in Swedish film, including nude children and nude adults, even in children's movies
Rip
Yeah, it's almost as if the sub is named AskEurope, and not AskAboutEurope.
I like how everybody say Germans are good at speaking English but when ever I'm road triping in east Germany they look at me with a confused face when I speak English to them.
More people reduce their meat consumption and now the beef industry needs to find a new product, so they start making veggie burgers instead
Save: DK saws, EN well
This is pretty much how jurisdiction has worked as it concerns consumer law within the EU
Thank you for adding this
I want to go here now
That genuinely makes me happy
I think being anti-vaxx is being physically abusive with your children, and should be punished the same way
Oh man, the food was actually one of the more significant issues
The only way that would be a win-win, would be if Russia got balkanized and then slowly absorbed by the EU.
What a god damn genius
When terror attacks happen in Turkey everyone feels sad.
Except for Denmark :(
Usually my only hope is that we do better than you
Years later, and this is the really embarrassing part, I even said something to the likes of "so when the plate moves away from the hot spot, then the new underwater "rock" will disappear and it will become an island" - and I did this in a bachelors class in geophysics
We are no fans of the old Prussia and the war monger Bismarck though
I know
So far SpaceX has made zero advances on new technologies.
Hell no, sensible bureaucrats only please.
People generally visit Denmark *because* it's not spectacular and dramatic :D
We also have a problem with demographics.
It would surprise me greatly if Spain had been identical to what it is today if Muslims had never conquered any of it.
Liberation Day maybe
Well do you know what happened in 1349
Denmark's true traditional national fast food has got to be the classic [Danish Hot Dog] Especially good when purchased from a [pølsevogn ("Sausage wagon")] and enjoyed on a cold winter day with a warm [Cocio Chocolate Milk
Danish, I'm not actually a native dane, I'm Greenlandic.
While I sympathise to a degree with the desire for self governance, the reality is that the Faroes have a pretty damn cushy setup, gaining economic and logistical support from a larger, more wealthy country, which happens to be both very culturally similar and not so large that it absolutely dominates Faroese culture
Sure lots of Russian media is state owned, but it's not North Korea either people can go online and read whatever news source they like.
Who do you pay to dodge it
you use your own trailer, or borrow the neighbor's (or rent one, if you have to
Daca pot să scriu o jumătate în engleză și jumătate in româna, poate este mai ușor s-a contribui
Randers is perhaps the last resort
And then to some extent the UK as a whole just seems a bit lost in the past where it was a great power and an empire that could dictate world affairs
It is very likely last time I used cash was when I went to Germany in early December last year.
Pis og fuck er vel de mest brugte
I'd like to thank Germany for the border, Denmarks only land border, wich was settled by voting, and for their cheap candy just on the other side of the border
-5c to 5c : "Motherfucking shit winter fucking winter weather
And German - like in Angels and Demons there's two Danes, one playing a German and one playing
Same in Danish
One of the mandary school bike trips I mention took place in kindergarten where we were around 6 years old
* Even the poorest and the workers are heavily taxed, despite our 'progressive' tax system
My family's tradition is congratulating siblings of said person, parents, grandparents, and if they are siblings, the others congratulate us
People from Northern Ireland don't usually just do what the English want them to do, do you
Pay your taxes and follow the rules
This looks really cool
and has had, since capitalism arose from feudal relations
Can’t forget that
&#x200B;
"Grabbed woman's breasts"
Liberals on their own make up roughly a third as well, with the 'liberal' category being the largest of the whole bunch, at almost 28%, and right-wing libertarians(who're also liberals, lets be honest) make up 4,3%.
if they wanted to save money, at least lower the SU by 63 kroner, not cut off possibilities!
He had a good guffaw when he noticed me, and while I still had my luggage thoroughly searched, he took the time to calm the obvious nerves of what looked to be his apprentice, and make idle chatter with me
In Spanish there are at least some general guidelines, same with German, where we learned that most fruits were female for instance
Hey all
that depends on how the eggs are manufactured/treated in the packaging factory, some eggs are left "natural" they are less likely ro go bad outside the fridge, while those that are treated should be kept in the fridge
Possibly even make it a talking point at the next assembly.
Fully recommended
Well, we are tied with Vendsyssel when it comes to being the statistically most likely place in the country to experience a white Christmas
in the new country, and could just spend my time checking out the things that country has to offer but that seems unlikely to ever happen
civilians action going on back in the 50s. Were they inspired by Hungarian uprising
Yeah, I've only encountered people being addressed by their last names when they are either being made fun of for being up their own arse or something like that, or when its used as a nickname
If the winter had been just a bit colder, they would have walked across the ice like white walkers and burned down Copenhagen
Huh, didn’t know that
Thank you for inventing the Cheese slicer, Norway
Swede: We were talking curse words
we just write in english, unless it's on the country subs
Once the sea freezes, well march over like its 1658
I would agree to a deal exchanging Greenland for all Norways oil.
Generally kids that young don't drink
not that we were starving, but we had to think about the budget and what we ate
I live in Denmark
Maybe it's been "damaged" by overtourism since then
Det er sgu dyrt
Okay, so I messed up with the definition for hispanics.
Why are you danes arguing in English???
The Frozen sisters are Norwegian but could also be Danish, at least by looks, with a squirrel or a horse instead of a snowman and reindeer
This is not new, it's so old that it used to be a horse carriage instead of a truck
They are definitely a success story
Prescription medicine is subsidized in a way that it gets cheaper the more you buy
It would make it easier for families with children that they were automatically included in the health and school system when they moved to another Nordic region.
Most important word for when Europe opens up for travelling again
with *butter*?? do you *want* to get diabetes
Others like immigration, integration, human rights, stuff like that are way younger.
Interesting that you would consider Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
We’re by far the ones that gets the most language hate among Nordics
By that logic, we should label the liberals in the British parliament in the 19th century who passed [the various factory acts] as 'socialists'... Which makes no sense
No, gulebøj means yellow bend
they know, which makes it even worse.
Lad os håbe at amerikanerne svækker deres samfund indtil det punkt hvor vi kan invadere dem gennem Grønland, lol
Also, leather
Had to book return ticket or get denied entry.
I'm not opposed to comprising at all
There's, luckily, also a lot of social realism though, and increasingly also contemporary social realism
Det er fredag mine gutter
We expose our children to a lot of stuff that would horrify some other countries
I bet the British would like to reevaluate their Brexit now.
Donald Duck, with Don Rosa and Carl Barks.
It's not good for Denmark's democracy and therefore i simply cannot support the EU.
I just know him as the emperor of France who committed atrocities and waged a whole lot of wars
Otherwise, you end up being *that* person who chooses to take a child to the cinema to watch a Narnia film with English audio and local subtitles and whisper-reads the subtitles OUT LOUD to said child
*Cries in danish*
It varies (although afaik the proper name is CEST, not CEDT, which might explain some of the confusion).
Yeah, PvdA is traditional a lot more relevant though.
I know my neighbors and what they do
People enjoy [Reffen] a lot or [Torvehallerne] Hija de Sanchez was actually "Best street food in Europe" in 2018
That would be really annoying
Shes doing a good job imo
The subsidiary price for the windmills and solar cells for the 269 MW that was planed in 2018 had an avarage of 10% of electricity price
The first ministry dedicated to the Environment was Danish
* Middelfart (Is funny in english)
Almost exclusively consumed in Scandinavia, as well as a bit in Germany
You know the whole Christianity thing bro
In the fine art sphere, I love Hamburger Bahnhof - amazing museum
Also we can get leaves, twigs etc from the garden picked up, as well as electronics and larger items such as old furniture etc
If there's a tradition for young white blonde girls to have their Lucia event, then pressuring those events to include both boys and non-blonde girls into their Lucia stuff is essentially forcing it.
Actually pretty sad
I've never seen anything like it here
The first ever military bombardment on civilians happened in copenhagen
I'll just quote what someone else tried to explain to you in another comment:
You really need to adjust your sense of what "idiocy" means if "suggest[ing] to support gender equality" counts as first class...
I can follow that as well
Well I’d like to know why
It will be lowered a bit soon though.
Don't go to church, don't pray, but attend funerals and celebrate christmas
I'm pretty sure your flair is lying.
- No articles like the/el/la/die
So we don't need lockers, but we can "buy" one
Navalny is pretty incompetent and tries to play the nationalism card all the time.
If a lot of people see country X as a place they'd like to live, then perhaps other countries should do more to emulate it.
Adams Apples is the best of our movies in my opinion, so if you haven't seen it I'd highly recommend it
Maya Celeste Padillo Olesen mother is from the Phillipines.
Seeing as I planned most of my education around going to the UK to get work experience and later moving to actually work there, I now have to rethink, because the university that can help me get work experience won't send students outside of EU due to visa difficulties.
Shit, I’m gonna need a thesaurus
Maybe we can work something out - we give you some cheap *liten spriten* and you give us a mountain or two
Make use of existing technology but present it in a more sellable way.
We'd probably just try to get attention lmao
Service = Sørvis
There are very few stores in Denmark so i say not very prevalent i counted 10 stores on google maps
So there were two kings but one person :-)
The parts that belonged to the sphere of Russian interest zone established after WW2 had trouble keeping up with the economic and production growth of the west.
It seemed surreal
Referring to social liberals, liberal conservatives, right-libertarians, classical liberals, etc
I like-a it-a veryy mucha
My point was the center is not set in stone.
Never got that language pinned down
There is a great difference, in sheerly practical terms, between the economic feasibility of an independent Ireland (which is a large and fertile island, bigger than mainland Denmark), and that of the Faroes and Greenland
So Germany would write 9,95 € because they used to put DM behind the number, meanwhile Ireland wrote £ before the number, they would also use € before.
That looks stunning
The same goes for Japan, Chile, Canada etc.
Their towns are dying
Most Anti-German sentiment seems to have disappeared here in Denmark, but we seem to have adopted more of a mentality of "Forgive but remember".
Stop stealing our words
I think it ok to state clearly that EU is a democratic club
Peanut butter can be really good, but it has to be 98+% peanut
I wanna thank them for their cultural and historic contribution
Denmark here
Fuck Poland and Hungary, fuck eastern Europe in general, and fuck Islam
Lunch is in the Danish dictionary, but it is not used, it is frokost here too
The first picture in the Imgur gallery you linked [here] genuinely looks like an art cover for a dystopian game/book
Also Ireland and Spain are known to be catholic
Yeah, it's them, I seached scandinavia and baltic and the word I was looking for was baltoscandia, aparently
>row of buildings with the little mermaid infront
56.7% of the Danes voted in 1993 to join the EU yes after getting 4 amendments to its membership.
Also, they won gold medals 15 out of 19 times, honestly it's more exciting to see who will win silver and bronze
Certainly, a lot of our vocals are pronounced exactly the same
EU: Then you get nothing
Those students sound a little entitled, I'd say
It was the Eurozone, we didn't pay either.
For example in Denmark, our past in the Caribbean and more recently on Greenland is not something that is talked about, because we weren't as bad as the other people (according to some bullshit argument).
Sex and nudity has become more of a tabu, but we are still pretty open about it
That is why capitalism is the "least bad" economic system
Been to Germany 3 times and every time met nothing but great people, even when I'm butchering their language trying to make myself understood, they patiently wait and try to help me get the wording right.
I mean Brexit has already almost cost the UK 47 years of EU payments
Every man, woman and child would fight in the streets and we would win
It is here in Denmark, I wouldn’t know what else to call it personally
Spain
What happened in Russia in 2010
We arent ready to defend ourselves and you arent ready to invade us
Although I don't disagree completely, I think it various depending on the issue.
Copenhagen feels the most foreign particularly in the summer during tourist season where even a native dane will be mistaken for a foreigner in the shops
Greece currently exists at the mercy of other countries
We do have Bilka, Føtex and Kvickly, which are definitely larger than our regular supermarkets.
Oh and his brother Mads Mikkelsen, let's be honest
I have to admit I don't really look at the text all that much, and I try to avoid the cans
Yes
Im not sure Tessa is supposed to be bad
They are socialists welfare state supporters in anti-immigration clothes
In Danish sometimes you can also leave out a d if it's there like Svend/Sven or Bendt/Bent
It Also feels like every single highway and train tracks/station is atleast 2 years delayed
Very cool
Well, the process for getting the copyright claim voided is so horrendously difficult that of course private creators just give up before starting
Hopefully one day we immediately deport people like this
Tragic on it’s own, but the real mystery is what actually happened that night
It's too expensive to eat out everyday in Denmark.
Im guessing it isnt the cheapest apartments around the area
We're taught that the Danish army had the wisdom to know a losing battle and to surrender for the sake of less blood shed
People in Copenhagen like to ignore the fact that they also have rural areas, and that Jylland also has cities
Wouldn’t it be called an internship
I always knew we never stood a chance
I guess were screwed over here then
You just have your ministers do the talking.
If the United States just accepted that they can only export goods to the E.U that meet the E.U standards I'd have far less problems with the TTIP.
Yeah
Yes you are correct on the taking in of south American refugees, but I was talking about the immigration law that Malcolm wants to pass now that was introduced to parliament this week that would stop anyone who has attempted to reach Australia in a boat from ever visiting Australia, regardless if it is in 50 years time and they are now citizens of a western country.
Well make sure you use the multilingual construction guide, I know from my last trip to Malmø, it was very hard to find a fluent swedish speaker in stores and bars...
Pretty sure the Red pill comment was what did it.
You already have countries (like my own) who overrule EU laws with their own because the people simply don't want that law.
is roughly correct timestamp she also says the sentence in rigsdansk afterwards
So both sides of the right and left in Denmark is defined within the umbrella of the US Democratic party.
Not at all
That's why it's so awkward when you occasionally spot an actually genuinely aggro banter merchant on reddit (both sides, people), talk about missing the point, it's the online equivalent of going studs first into a tackle during a casual five-a-side in the park
So, using your own example of Rome, how do you think the above would have sounded to a Gaul
To be fair Sweden has really nice neighbours
Just to add a few:
I had my VISA/Dankort blocked without any action on my part.
It’s grown into a lot of conspiracy theories as to why it happened and investigation has been difficult and riddled with flaws because of the Norwegian, Swedish and Danish authorities not being able to work together
Also we can get leaves, twigs etc from the garden picked up, as well as electronics and larger items such as old furniture etc
It was in 1937
That doesn't mean that we're not part of Scandinavia
Hej, mit navn er John, det er en fornøjelse at møde dig
No offense, but I’m sure they woudl agree
Isn't land wind much more feasible in Ireland
And the names of the direwolves are also translated, and not even directly, Ghost is translated to Hvide (=White)  for some reason
They just drive across the bridge and buy it in Denmark.
Simpel also exists in danish, Norwegian and Swedish.
> Just consider the size of ah average knife and of the average bullet
1956
We did it again
All worldly rulers must also know that with the power God gave them in this world, he also assigned them to guard his holy church against all demands
In handwriting I write cursive, so I guess it's more like
Where can i see who voted how
To anyone who would care to listen
Well it's not exactly like Denmark played great football in those matches either
Learn the basics of H, D, I and ÆØÅ
I've never heard so much criticism towards NATO before, and I move in some pretty leftist anti-imperialist circles at home
An NPR (National Public Radio) poll from last month
Danish and Swedish
I had the same perception about French until, on a vacation, my dad asked me what language I thought the table next to us were speaking
Ain't cheap bro
Yeah stuck in our tent and we couldn't get it out
Some of the NGOs (Most notably doctors without borders) have used their vessels to smuggle migrants from the ports of Libya (Not the water off the coast) To Sicily.
Ah, you sort of just pretend to be
Some are different in Danish - but other forms are also used
My host family fed me nothing but sauerkraut and pickles, and I wasn’t allowed to touch their cat
Closest is [this] (today's risky click
So he doesn't give a shit about the EU or article 4 or anything
One was Prince Albert, who is dead
Even if you want to invest in stocks but are scared about individual stocks, you can just throw your money at an index fund at watch it grow over a couple of decades
People may have strong disagreements with different governments (especially these days with a very heated immigration discussion) but mostly I think people are capable of separating the government from ordinary people.
You could also ask if the Faroe Islands should be part of the Danish national football team, if Aruba and
It was my country along with a bunch of other EU nations and the US that ultimately disposed of Gaddafi, which opened the floodgates from Africa to Europe.
Agreed, I also don't think that people look through windows in Denmark, it's kinda against our unwritten rules
Almost everybody loved English, because everybody found it easy and sometimes you watched cool movies, while German/French was everyone’s hate subject
It's supposed to be a place you can kick back and work on your cabin projects so you don't have to stay at home and work on your house projects
It's hard not to, when most European values straight out contradict US values
CBS
I think I'd just refuse outright
The Swedes have worse welfare than us, so we stay home, lol
In Danish we distinguish between them as well
Soon it'll be quiet
SATANS svenskere ødelægger Sverige
A celebrity athlete might have a great skillset that cannot easily be replaced and also create lots of money for the owner which is why they can demand the pay they do
I welcome our new neighbours, the Finns.
It's very common here, both between men and women when you meet someone you don't know, or in formal settings of course
She did enough harm to Europe already.
any tectonic shifts we should be worrying about
What does that have to do with anything?
Kroatien - Croatia
Why is everyone so opsessed with Nyhavn, when this is 10 times that
Yes, like I said, it makes no sense, that Norwegians don't use the Danish/Scandinavian version
Armenia is in Asia/Middle-East
us scandinavians see our flags a bit different than many other countries
It somehow stuck onto my brain and now I can spell necessary
As a non euro nation your country is not guarantying for the bond buying to support euro nations that struggle with high debt, unemployment and fiscal deficits
I was like duh
It’s just difficult
I like the first idea better
“Jeg er ligeglad” (I am equally happy)
Every Germanic languages that isn't English has Johannes
Or are people there really just French speaking Germans today?
No, you have to park at the bottom and buy mountain-climbing equipment from the local store
Probably drives an old VW, Peugeot or something similar
Had a white Christmas here in Nordsjælland last year
Scotland is not part of England.
The acts granting self-governing status are legally "normal" Danish laws within the constitutional framework
Furthermore the EU almost always either take the side of the business interests or the southern or eastern EU countries that have a lower standard than us
I was supposed to go to Rotterdam this year (for Eurovision), but now I hope to go next year instead, I heard a lot of good things about Rotterdam
i spent 14 months in (mandatory) army training before doing a peacekeeping tour in kosovo.
If Europe had been one fiscal union it is just as likely that all nations would have been dragged down into the mud.
I can choose what education I want without any debt (Although politicians seems to want to end that now) and I don't have to worry about a pain in my stomach crippling me financially!
2) Within the EU agreement it was possible to limit the number of immigrants from new countries for a number of years
Small villages in siberia sometimes look like they’re 3rd world
I was an exchange student in the US when I was 15, and told people, that when I returned to Denmark, I was going to gymnasium for three years
it is now
It doesn't really need disruption.
I sleep less, have less ridget meal times
The Russian economy is far from booming..
Thoose noodles bring in alot of vat taxes.
The conditions on Greenland were so bad, that child mortality was very high because of tuberculosis among other thing
Three times twenty (3\*20)
Fx, in 2007, Latvia did send "Questa Notte" by Bonaparti
It was just adopted by christianity
A "pub" style place will usually charge you around 45-60 DKK(€6-€8), but they mainly sell imported beers.
In danish the term “feltmadras” (directly translated “field mattress”) is used to describe danish women who slept with the occupying german forces
>	But fortunately after 2015 the unemployment is slowly being reduced, so I guess the things will be better in the future
>	This isn't a difficult concept
Why are you opposed to comprosises
Seems strange, because they all seem to be decent people
> If you shoot or stab someone by accident, youve done something very, very wrong
We really need to start upping our game
And definitely also what it means for our infrastructure
other countries would want to relieve some of our pressure by agreeing to relocations
Can confirm
This is a guess
Denmark does have control of its own monetary policy, parliament has just chosen to lock the central bank into only performing actions that would maintain the peg.
Just curious, why are you interested in the denmark subreddit
The difference is east vs  west
It happened in Copenhagen
Thanks for the correction
I think it's more correctly described as nationalism.
Yes, most of the time its so very obvious for whom its a second vs native language
Like yeah, it’s expensive here when you compare to other countries, but our salaries are also higher
You do realise that Denmark has an incredibly high share of renewable, and it was done in the span of only a couple of decades from nearly nothing to 70%.
Longer growing seasons matter more
sugary drinks refills = alcoholic wife beater state?
* Psychologists
Seriously it can't be said correctly
i agree, spanish is a beautiful language
I don't understand why this is necessary
It is encouraging though that the Scottish government has already committed to providing the same level of funding support for EU students applying for postgraduate study in 2019-20
Does Russia even have enough bird mana to integrate Belarus at this point?
as there's simply no concept of it "being insulting" or whatever
imho still better than inserting even more diacritics in the language; you guys already have, I think, four different diacritics to add to letters
The street looks older than the Colosseum
I think I mainly use American expression due to way more US media exposure, despite watching BBC, I still experience much more American accent.
The fact that a person exists doesn't mean you can't write fairy tales about him
There were numerous wars and fighting
Dane here, we could call them the summer germans, but it would be a different reason from the russians
I was told, "islands has water all around". We live, and think, in 3D. All around means below too
I always eat up, unless I really dislike the food
Swedes are the ones with the mullet (actually called Swede-hair in Denmark)
And even then they’re rarely spoken
I always thanked the driver for the trip when I lived in Århus
We obviously have our football "heroes", actors etc
While on the subject of Chinese and foreign exchange students, we really should teach them a bit about Danish foods just to help them out
English also just sounds more natural for video games and TV shows since I'm used to it
Tap water is the shit
Eventually i'm sure they will get their act together.
When i visited Vietnam, they obviously had a completely different view towards Americans & The Vietnam War than what I’ve gotten from western media
A lot of our verbs are the same way
And they went "m'kay, the fines are still lower than the taxes we never paid
Gaden by Fouli
* Greenland
I know it sounds weird but the cat lover in me wish we had stray cats : ( Or at least the amount of them I saw in Greece
english on a daily basis and norwegian and swedish a bit less
Really
They were all very interested in my work, and also talked about why they were in Copenhagen
Well Aleksandr Dugin is one crazy motherfucker, so combining the two worst ideologies seems right up his sleeve.
I used the km my company uses when registering our km pay, they might be off, but that the one my company claims is from Kongens Nytorv (where my workplace is) to the areas
You are aware that the US has active military bases in Germany, with active military soldiers, doing active military things, right?
Noam Chomsky and Bernie Sanders aren't "most liberal Americans".
The Stockholmian bloodbath wasn't thorough enough.
I can just tell what I saw and felt
If you are living well during the uptimes, you should be able to put something aside for the downturns
Denmark treated Iceland poorly, but not as a colony
As I recall, laws for naming your children got liberalised in the 00's. Has that been reverted
I would not say this is a translation, but we had an energy company in Denmark called "Dong energy", I don't think I need to explain what that means ;)
Why are they terrible people all they did was make satirical cartoons basically mocking everyone including muslims, Jews, feminist, racist.
It's not a place you go to slack off
which has transferred to the population and essentially made us more cautious/nervous in the public space
Never seen a need for investing besides safe investments (as in real estate and bonds) for that very reason
If or when the reputation of USA plummets, this will of course have an effect on what the average European chooses to spend his or her money on.
Cursed be his name
"Foreningen Forn Sed" is another group, that I know farily little about, but it seems quite similar.
One of my really close friends is Georgian and I was supposed to go visit next month, but everything got corona'd :(
I thought Sweden had signed the Chemical Weapons Convention
Hængerøv
Some people use eggs as well, though it's not something I've ever had
You could say that the fire won't Finnish
I wasn't watching for that, but if the former came first, then it seemed like a logical outcome of realpolitik.
> Before 1982 it was also against the law to raise the flag on "wrong" times and forget to take it down
So it's probably something we have to get used to in the future
That said, the military areas of Oxbøl are the only places I've wandered where you can go for miles and miles with genuinely *nothing*, just rain and moor and occasionally fake prop-buildings
Identity is more important than citizenship.
All for the greater good
** Fuck them
as a driver, you ALWAYS have to stop at a crosswalk
"Sweden" is considered a very uncultured and vulgar word
I wager it's a lot harder to negotiate that sort of deal, when you want to join.
We have seen several different interpretations of communism applied in the real world, and the track record is dreadful, as they frequently result in human suffering
Petersburg last
I thought England, UK, Great Britain was the same thing and I thought Scotland, Ireland and Wales were places in England
That's why they aren't in the EU etc.
Don't know why, but those scissors reminds me of 'børnehave'(kindergarten)
I think parking is one of the few things that unites Europe as a continent.
I really enjoyed World War 2 in Colour but thinking back on it it also seemed to be skewed towards the American agenda
Which, I guess, comes kinda naturally
You shoot at ships if they don't behave
Would it be the first time this century??
Not touching that
Do you own the corporate account that posted this
The problem i was trying to convey is that many of them are grouped quite closely together
We can just wait for a minecraft player construct the universe
The only places I've been so far where this isn't common was Oslo and Cannes
[Our blessed lord Mikkel Hansen led the danish handball team to a gold medal at the olympics.]
Two days ago i had a whole lunch involving either pork or canned fish on ryebread at 11:20 in the morning
edit: my source were wrong, sorry
You are right to be the nazi in this case
Denmark has it on fridays as well
Makes sense, Copenhagen and the rest of Sjælland is referenced as Sweden here
Asia is a landmass with defined boundaries
What kind of parents gives their child the same name as their last name
Only we can ridicule them
Sweet
edit: I get it, I know russia has WMD's, I was playing it safe because I'm not an expert on these matters
The girls these guys were chatting up were Swedish
These officers are just people forced to do their job what’s up with the dramatic saturation and grayscale
I totally get why you would love your city too much to leave it - what a gem it is
It's a bit of both good and bad stereotypes, I find (being a from a rural area but living in Copenhagen)
We can tell half the country voted for Trump
It will of course depend a 100 % on how the rules are implemented and whether companies are able to find loopholes etc
With the fabled kings:
A guy called newyawn who makes voiceovers on movies or realityshows
Probably has an impact of some degree sure, but in my country, Denmark, iPhones are most definitely affordable enough for pretty much anyone
Then *those* people turned to *their* friends and commented how silly that was, after which those last friends were also asked to show ID
I can't blame you, Danish princes are [the best]
So we don't really have any memories of the fighting, just from the, after Nazi standards, very peaceful occupation
What I've observed is that the far left definitely uses negative labels more often, such as racist and nazis, to try and simply invalidate people who don't share their opinion, while the right don't seem to do it as much
I don't mind hugging though so if a person goes in for a hug I'll just hug them back
> Kööpenhamina
Nyhavn has the nicest public toilets
I like the coat of arms on the side.
The fascist in both Spain and Denmark did not got enough votes for representation i parliament in the recent elections
Congratulations
You always get a few idiots, but please trust me when I say the vast majority of us aren't xenophobic (and also that the leave vote wasn't about xenophobia, more about not liking the EU as an organisation
Surely it must be a democratic country, because why else would they name themselves in such a manner
There wer two reigns of terror in France
Well, we appreciate the efforts anyways
[The Julekalender - Støvledans]
Why would opinion on Jews, Muslims, Gypsies, blondes or whatever be the same everywhere in Europe?
I still had to be very kind towards them ;,)
If anything I'd say it is because of our sarcastic humor which could be lost on foreigners and it comes off as serious/directly rude instead.
That we wouldn't sell Greenland to Trump
Our national ID card doesn't have a photo, and I don't have a drivers license, so..
And yet the Danes go to Germany to get cheaper alcohol.
Nicknames are rare and mostly used in very limited groups
There has obviously come a new term where we use it for spirits that basically aren’t aquavit, but they are
YOLO :)
Aquavit was first mentioned when the Danish lord of Bergenshus castle wrote a letter to Olav Engelbrektson, the last Roman Catholic Arcbishop of Norway in 1531
The planning is basically how you find out what you're preparing *for*.
Poor Sweden :'(
> A total of 938 knife injuries were identified from 127,191 attendances (0
The thing i dislike about reddit is about how everyone assume you're american.
Oh, i thought it was closer to the living alone SU
what are you offering as an alternative explanation?
Solid advice - the other day we ran out of whole fat milk so I made it for my son with full fat cream
I used to feel this way, but nowadays I seem to be randomly running into Danes whenever I go abroad @_@"
I know, Mærsk was a company that took a huge hit (about 300 or 350 million dollars of damages) as the suggested security overhauls never went through because the people that had to do that didn't get a bonus
Also - Iceland seems to have moved east
Homeless people don't use a lot of electricity
Move to Canada, you have let the founding fathers down.
And yet you think Scotland will remain equally supportive of UK?
That will hopefully result in the German language being less of a necessity to learn in the eyes of the schools and ministry
Who's cutting onions in here
I pity her as a person
Regarding the Kofod case
12 in each of the four colors and 3 jacks
I sweat very little, and nobody notices if I skip a day or even two
What the fuck
I have also been to both Copenhagen and Barcelona, and he the exact opposite thought.
), but no one talks that cleanly
We also went to south France to talk with occitans
I wonder what influence on our worldview it has, that we perceive language so differently from each other
I gamle bøger" roughly "They long and seek
No one seems to trust banks, which, given Germany's history, *kind* of makes sense
Yes, we should be proactive and fix it so that people have nothing to flee from.
A great example of Imperialism and profits over humanity
Like, a visible line between the regions
Swedish hair (svenskerhår), hair in a mullet (short choppy sides, longer back)
Yes
*I wonder why*
I dont remember hearing about a vote.
On our way back we were driving through Germany and stopped in a small town diner and ordered the best you can get, wienerschnitzel with mushroom gravy
We want to join the list too
For instance, I notice 'lunsj' and 'kløtsj' in Norwegian and 'attackera' and 'cupen' in Swedish
I agree, at least for Denmark
Also unpopular for the other half of the continent which would see large spending cuts.
I would love to see that
Can't really blame him, he just found out his daughter was not just a futanari, but Russian too.
Thousand of people pass right by it every day
The supermarket around the corner.
Make the Niederlande the new Preußen.
The best rule of thumb is, I think, when in doubt, don't compound
I haven't seen it myself, but I think it is pretty famous here in Denmark as well because of the designer
They use those silly colored sprinkles
Looks like the cover to an Adam Sandler movie
In the Camaque area I had them where you were supposed to dip them in chili mayo
Lem: other word for penis
Apparently, a few small islands still have some local traditions
I don't know if we ever had such a programme
Right over
I have plenty of those, from both my mother's and my father's side (Rona is on my father's)
* A majority of the newly elected parlament must vote in favor of the [exact same] proposed change
You buckle up, or we're not going anywhere
But for rich countries the demand for energy is pretty much inelastic (demand doesn't really react to changes in price)
Estonia will never into Nordic!
I could probably still do that I wouldn't be harmed one bit, but these days I'm actively paying for newspapers because I believe that is important to do
Capital Æ is mostly written like it looks on a PC
I don't think there is one
That's some cyperpunk city right there
Actually you guys might be innocent
Alot will cite the law of Jante should you do it, and even more people will think of it
I used to have dreams about moving, sort of "Grass is always greener" type stuff but the more I've learned about Denmark and about other places, the more I've come to realize that I really prefer living here
The second part is implicit in any deal with a great power
Germans created hell for non Germans, they expirienced some of it for a brief time
This by no means mean that all those people voted for that candidate
It's our queen's birthday
Nuclear power is costly
Most likely there is or was active covid cases in your municipality they just were asymptomatic and therefore never reported
So for that reason - I don't even want to try a bidet
And it is not a thing I would expect the Danish government to do.
What sadness
It says so in the Bible, after all.
Ahaha what
Cars aren't not used because of insurance in Denmark, but because we add an additional tax of 180% of the purchasing price on top of everything else.
Could be tattoos, piercings or FGM
That happens all the time
It was also for Danish girls who dated or married Nazi soldiers
But you need to be able to dive safely or else you are fined 1,500 kr
I second this
No, people aren't instantly associated with Stalin and Pol Pot the moment they criticize an aspect of a European capitalist-centered society
Why does she look like a heroin junkie?
The best compromise is always when everybody is unhappy about something
Kondolencer fra Danmark
I never realized how accustomed I am to the darkness until now
The Preamble to the most famous of our (many) constitutions is quite verbose:
Every time I visit I see more and more Nordic and international company buildings
Meaning there was one, but no one really knows it or can agree on what it is, so we just speak to each other in all our different dialects
They're a complete superfluity
Well, to be fair, much of this is subjective.
Which meant i’d meet tourists from all over the world
If you really want to go that route, Russians have been living in Crimea since 1783, and arguably also in medieval times before the Mongol invasions
The capital
Thanks alot for the suggestions!
Autumn is for Anglos because they can't say efterår
I've got a friend studying in the US at the moment; she says that the short, semester-long classes and focus on memorisation makes it hard to remember things in the long run
Decent size forests (by Danish standards) you can also explore easily in a day or camp overnight if you want to
I love you
crossing the border] into Sønderjylland after the referendum to reunite with Denmark
Such a cult hit it was remade in several countries even - though I might be biased, I still say the OG danish one with De Nattergale was the best
As someone learning Spanish: where
The English translation made more sense to read and I'm Danish.
a week, while attending high school
Then I come back out at 3 at the earliest and go get a Döner or a pizza-slice
Frederikke would be the proper way, at least in Danish and I think Swedish as well
Sounds like a terrible deal all around.
Maybe storbæltsbroen, Rosenborg or Christiansborg
Not that I don't think BLM is a legitimate cause, but it just feels completely out of place to see people shouting out slogans and yelling I CAN*T BREATHE in English at a Danish protest
You are talking about the state of Saxony
" - John Cleese
I just hope for an agreement that benefits the UK
They have some *really* low home ownership rates because mortgage = debt
Otherwise we end up in the exact situation that Fukuyama called 'the end of history'. A complete faltering of progress
Nope
I was okay and "functioning" again by evening
There are some, but as almost all roads and intersections are designed for heavy bike traffic alongside cars, there's really no difficulty.
London would properly vote no, as they would have no water supply to sustain themselves.
We raised the general limit from 110 to 130 a couple of years ago
The first floor you walk into is, well, the first floor
It will be structured like this:
Denmark: State Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt - in my view she comes off as quite insecure, a weak leader and a poor political player.
The UK made an entirely sovereign decision not to do this (unlike many other countries such as my own)
No such thing exists
You realize that working with Europol was the goal regardless of a 'no', right?
You cultureless Swine
Well, seeing as a cleft lip causes a variety of issues such as speech impediments, not being able to swallow without gravity assistance, and ear infections that leads to deafness?
Denmark is also very similar to Sweden and Norway for obvious reasons (history) and I obviously didn't expect NL to be *totally* weird and foreign either considering the distances, ethnic groups, geography (seafaring nations) but I certainly didn't expect it to basically feel like home before I went there
I'd prefer chocolate toasts over foie gras any day.
im not sure if denmark is a good location for a military base
Here it's called De Skøre Riddere which means The Crazy (or Silly) Knights
Basically:
No but it's still selfishness because you (politicians, voters, etc) can't put aside differences to implement a system that could improve millions of lives
I know this is a joke but I think this stereotype is really overblown personally, I’m in Copenhagen and I probably do a bit of banter with a cashier, a little remark in a queue etc a handful of times a year
I think you might wanna look up who Olof Palme is my friend ;) Otherwise yes, you're right
The National Aquarium of Denmark, also known as The Blue Planet
[Here's another one]
Although liking Swedish products is treason, every Dane does it
Is it normal that japanese people sometimes does this
I said that that neo-nazism is a "horrible ideology". I do not remotely condone what happened to him
"Victory") is remembered as one of the greatest Danish kings, in part because of crusading in Estonia
Probably not because the parents want to "get rid of you" but because that's what people that age do in our countries
2500 = two one half thousand = to et halvt tusinde
However, I've only ever tried one with an electric engine on
I just work better and find it easier to compare across countries in percentage tax rates rather than defined required net salary levels.
I’ve never seen a 17 year who wasn’t able to bike before here in Denmark
Anyone remember the Tourette's Guy
Sandra Hamad Amer has a father from Iraq.
To think that in the future even on Easter Sunday my church probably won’t fill up or that maintenance of old churches won’t be prioritised makes sad
I can understand a little Swedish and Norwegian, but not much
And the places, dont get me started on the places
De asemenea care județ ești de unde
Not intervening in Libya wouldn't have been any better
Fractured as we are we're still unified on the sanctions, even Britain is with us, for the time being.
increase the already generous amount paid to parents (from about 18000 kr or 2400 € pr child pr year), extending the maternity leave (52 weeks pr law hereof 32 weeks paid) etc.
Of who
Also the island called Lolland (yes lol-land) is know to be the place the society outcasts go to live because of extremely low housing prices and fairly boring nature
Hell, if that happens, Greenland will inevitably fall under the influence of one of the superpowers, meaning that all our investments might fall into the hands of a rival
I think there is a cultural meaning to being European, even though we are obviously not the same.
I was shocked when I found out a lot of Europe has one day delivery for a lot of things
Of course you're from Copenhagen
> Drinking wine in anything that isn't a wine glass
Beer, fries and EU-institutions
We do have European equivalents to Trumpists.
We've had a good life
The lanterns usually only last a few days before they melt
Complete and utter silence
The reason they are not independent is more for economic reasons
It's basically why ramson all of a sudden got super popular to use
(A "region" is simply put a "super municipality" with ~1 mill
No military intervention against USA is possible, [even if the most unlikely coalition teamed up]
Fresh fish in general should only smell like salt water, if fish smells, it's has started to go bad, [and produce this very foul smelling amine]
its cheap and fast
Greenland and the Faroese aren't separate countries
Its about Sweden for those who don't know.
Yeah, tbh I don't think I really pay more than people do in a lot of other countries.
Well, for one, most rail companies pay their employees living wages, and don't require them to *rent* their work uniforms.
world war he was forced to fight for the Germans
No, although it is probaby the most European of the Eurasian countries not in Europe.
What im affraid of is that he will give the uk a good deal, to encaurage other EU countrys to break off to weaken the EU.
There is also a watermark to prevent people from claiming it as theirs
"The Danish integration minister announced couples seeking asylum in the country would be separated if one of them was below the age of 18"
This is what we have chosen, and this of course leads to, that the people who earns more, and pays more, now pays a little less, well, they'll pay more less than the people, who earns a little less and pays less, but who is paying less less
All the grass died and turned yellow, it looked like a savannah
sheesh how do Russians make do
Of course this is horrible, but the whole state apparatus was geared towards this!
Same with colleagues you see every day really, they'd just get a "Good morning
No it's basically my worst nightmare, and I would actively fight against Denmark joining a European federation.
It used to be a typical German discount store
Norways private sector is closer to Denmarks than Sweden.
That's exactly it
Just like reading Danish
Then it became the capital
Or North Korea
Found some hidden gems and such
They like to view themselves as more down to Earth, but as a capital snob, I’m not so sure
Possibly a limitation that the EU army will be a self defense force only?
Which idiot designed this
The real villain of the Napoleonic Wars
Yeah, my father is Danish and my mother is not, and I’ve been explicitly told many times “don’t try to think you are Danish, because you aren’t”
Other countries have restrictions too.
We were in Hamburg, Germany
I have read alot in the last day or so about the TPP, plus a lot while it was being written and negotiated and I honestly believe it was a horrible deal that was more about enforcing US copyright and IP on Asian Pacific partners.
There's a verified names list, and if your newborn's name isn't on there, I'd imagine it usually isn't a difficult process verifying a new one
It's doable, but it's shitty and your prospects are basically live like that forever, get lucky and find something super cheap (unlikely unless you have a great network or was born under a lucky star) or take out a huge loan and buy a small apartment
He was the son of a widowed washingwife, so i think he was just so proud that he rose so high above his station, that he couldn't help but make it his entire identity
She then proceeded to ask people to taste it and later tell people about it
Congrats on a smart decision .
It's mostly so that authorities can be prepared for it in the first place.
Never really understood this mentality regarding my fellow Danes
[Det Forsømte Forår] though we didn't get that, we got [Martin og Victoria] only wiki in Danish).
You'll need to be checked in with the card you used to order the ticket, on both parts of the trips.
You can only order variations on galettes or crepes
He was *explicitly* referring to the North-Sea Saxons, the Ingaevones, that is, the Low Saxons
Me neither
At least for the biotechnology patents, I am pretty sure that Denmark is leading based on domestic companies.
And somehow burglars can't pass the border into Russia?
Capitalism sucks
An open-faced sandwich called smørrebrød, not to be confused with the swedish bastardisation called smørgasbord
We bagan in 1807 after the British bombardment of Copenhagen, where we planted many many oaks for the navy.Fast forward a lot.
Its like saying mermaids are real because the fairytale The Little Mermaid is about mermaids
Yeah, but the Danish right is not the same as the UK or Italian right, our ultra economical liberal party have a gay guy as president, right winged and left winged are usually relative to the country itself.
It has been Ukraine for a while
Since when is Armenia in Europe ? It’s in Asia/Middle East
I know some of them, but not all
Plus EV cars don't pollute the cities
Not after the first round, and as it stands it'll likely come down to Fillon and Le Pen.
And it's also quite popular to drive to Sweden and buy a bunch to sell in Denmark
Probably Aalborg and Esbjerg, our 4th and 5th biggest cites, since we do have smaller towns and cities such as Roskilde, Billund and even Jelling which are likely more known (at least outside of Europe)
Well the EU-wide minimum wage is the most recent thing they are trying to get through
So, would love to come see one day
Socialism is the first step towards communism
Kaupmannahafn is the oldest record of the current name which means Merchants' harbour
Both btw, were the only consistant critics of Trump on the Republican bench during these last years
Oh, another thing for OP: In Denmark at least, bike theft is incredibly common
Young people are very fast to switch to English instead of trying to understand
They would have to be in the early 00's then
Denmark has it as well
[Volbeat - For Evigt]
I assume the latter because they probably don't have a lot of Greek teachers.
There is a special circle in hell for the Radlers and Shanties.
Hillary is “a corrupt right-wing hawk.
It seems to me that every time British person mention any settlement in the UK larger than 3 houses it's always done with great derision
Gid din røv må klø og dine arme være for korte
You can always spot the locals as people sitting along the harbour with cans they bought from the kiosk down one of the side streets for a fraction of what they cost at the restaurant 10 metres away
Other than a few 14-year-olds on reddit who think it's cool and edgy to hate Americans, no one is going to have a problem with it.
Nope
At least in Portugal, the process of changing your official home address on your citizen card is quite bothersome and there are usually no legal penalties if you don't do it (as far as I remember), so most people don't even bother
A Dane that can't ride a bicycle and drink a beer
Yes
Facts
Yeah, if we could all just stop hurting kids because of a thousands year old fairy tale, that’d be great
&#x200B;
The government is now trying to make sure that anyone that ever ends up in one of those places can never ever come to Australia, even if you get assessed as a refugee and resettled in Australia and discover teleportation, you will never in your life be able to apply for a visa to come to Australia!
ell to be fair, Australia will never really recover from the intergalactic war against Lord Xa3khto in the late 109th century.
The   AAP was   recently attacked by the President of the British  Association  of   Paediatric Urologists because the evidence of benefit  is weak, and  they   are promoting "Irreversible mutilating surgery
In Denmark, back in the day, it was the poor country districts which managed to get their sh*t together and form a movement of schools and education for everyone, regardless of class
The moderators wish to now once again wish all of you a very, very, merry Christmas and a happy New Year
The reason you always see banter between us is because we have been at war with Sweden more than Britain has been with France.
This is so cool
English: All of it
It's probably got less to do with dimensions and more to do with what the intention of the product was
yeah but look how your country ended up
They honestly cause more trouble than they do good.
I've never met anyone who gave them any kind of meaning.
I watched so many BBC history docs and english languaged cartoons as a kid that I could read and speak english before we were even taught english proper in class, I know alot of people over her have the same experience
the reality is a bit more complex.
Another con: Malmö
Kalvebod Brygge for me, prime real estate on the sea front completely wasted on buildings that look like they should be in Høje Taastrup
I watched so many BBC history docs and english languaged cartoons as a kid that I could read and speak english before we were even taught english proper in class, I know alot of people over her have the same experience
I agree the majorly is pro EU but that's not the same as wanting a federal union where we are all completely united.
We've got more options for takeaway food now.
Unfortunately that's not hard, when it comes to clean energy.
The exploiters is the group able to command goods, with dividends from their wages, that are manifested with more labour than the exploiters themselves have performed, based on the exploitative social relations as described above
I wish I did, but I do not
Everything I can find on the topic says that people aged 65+ and those who are already suffering from other dangerous illnesses are the groups most likely to die from the flu
Going to buy a floor fan when I get paid
Dead yet
Denmark has been one of the happiest countries, but also one of the biggest consumers of antidepressants
Someone, somewhere *always* pay for something
We already had it on r/Denmark ;(
When Denmark decided to spare the Germans in WW2
It isn't risdansk  that's why it made me laugh a little
>Copenhagen feels like my second capital because of how close it is to where I live
I hope it didn't get watered out too much
I'm 30 and I can't remember their predecessors
Why are they illegitimate
I have heard the joke before that in India you shake hand with you're right hand and wipe you're asshole with the left.
So they can have the corruption to themselves
As per all my previous comments let's have a one with international observers, and not one announced right before it was held
Maybe we can work something out - we give you some cheap *liten spriten* and you give us a mountain or two
So do I, but they don't speak it to an incomprehensible degree, nor are have I ever experienced them being asked to "speak clearly" when in company of others
This Day i was working in the lounge
No they'd just get the land they already own there (by sea)
Yeah we usually drive to Germany to buy chocolate and soda
Swedes have truly perfected the art of how to ruin a pizza
Well, the debates are pretty fair in Denmark, no opinion is suppressed, and everyone gets their time, even those with unpopular opinions.
:) [OC video of geese parade ]
The red button does not represent anything, and the tower in Lisbon is the "elevador santa something" I remember seeing on my vacation in Portugal a few years back
Vi har bare ikke særligt mange af disse “eksotiske” navne her i Danmark, lol
But some might argue there's situations with Incidiums where you might be required to explain away the suspicious circumstances
We Danes can finally relax and let Sweden deal with the hassle of explaining the difference between - I may have heard it from somewhere, so it must be the truth - and plain old verifiable facts
anyway, even people born in 1989 and later (who obviously can't remember it happening) will claim it to be among the top 5 most important dates/times of Danish 1000+ year history because football.
ISS is a huge Danish "facility management" provder (they do cleaning etc)
Insulin
Also, when Norwegians say "knask eller knep" it sounds a bit dirty to Danes, because "knep" is Danish slang for "fuck".
From my understanding, the law says that when you apply for asylum in Denmark, if you carry jewelry of high value with little sentimental value they can be confiscated to help pay for your asylum
The “moving forward general dictating his soldiers” thing was huge in ancient Rome
That petititon was about Brexit, right
How could you forget [Red Dwarf]
I haven't heard about any outright animosity towards us, at least
But keep in mind I'm just a pleb with no education/special knowledge within the field
No where in the world has people lived so north in such high numbers as Northern Europe and Russia, so I don't really know what you are comparing to
Political activism (or just any kind of activity really).
Denmark is a wretched, godforsaken country populated by a perverse and alcoholic people
Denmark: It's something people play for fun in the schoolyard, and it's reasonably popular as such.
I would say that on social issues he is left, but on economics he is right.
Not OP, but several reasons
Blow up pigs (puste grise op) is the funniest I think
Denmark is in a very similar position actually
The Julekalender
Only the Norwegian one or is the Danish one also to be seen
Once in a while they'd show us a film, but other than that nothing else
Swedish - 100%
but *le travel*?
We have it in DK as well
I can confirm jeg er en pølse works in danish too
I am in
but
&#x200B;
Everyone wants change
It is much more likely they haven't heard anything new or from that country, so they can't place themselves in either positive, negative or neutral
No Cuba
Maybe that is the reason
West-West-Jutland
It's not inaudible, it's incomprehensible
(When I arrived at the station, I noticed that I hadn't gotten off at the right place)
It says that is one of the ways in which you can be allowed to stay.
I've recently had it pointed out by a New Zealander living in Denmark that this is something to do as well - after some consideration I realized the only times I ever touch my curtains, is if the sun bothers me
There are people when spoken about in the media is called "2ed or 3rd generation immigrants" - hence they were born and raised here, only went to danish schools, but could get deported any time
A few were camps but most were “come and paint for a day with some random adult that *might* be a teacher”.
But yay, larger cities
It took me years of practice and help to be able to follow family conversations when we were visiting her parents
Oh my God
Sweden
Lulwutia
I'd rather have +32 than -32
And likewise for the Palestinians just with a different objective.
I give thnaks to all of the entene for winning ww1, we were neutral, and afterwards in 1920 we could have an election in Schleswig-Holstein to allow self determination, I dont think A Germany not within serious civil trouble would have let their northern part go, no matter how many danes lived there
Don't pretend you didn't imply it
The foreign net provider can charge the Danish operator 80 Euro for that service.
This is probably the most used one: ["Egon Olsen template"]
It was, though
Damn
What the hell is this shit
In newer history it would be Magrethe, Christian and Frederik thats about it
Oh wait it didn't, politicians will always to some degree follow the electorate
It was more similar back in the early 1980's when we pegged the currency, but now we got a massive pension private pension savings, little to zero foreign currency issued debt, stable/balanced public finances and huge positive trade balances
then it's war
And I. Am NOT
Adding snipers did the job - as far I remember.
To blow pigs, I don't really get why
If the show is Morally Infallible Protagonist vs
If you want to measure christianity then self-identification gets really sloppy
I don’t drink alcohol or milk
In Denmark it is Danishes duh, it wasn’t even invented by Danes it was invented by some bakers in Vienna Austria
I have only seen windows like the ones in your link once
Boris Johnson is an Irish sleeper agent
No those are some of the causes of voting socialists in
USA has always been a bully to it's surroundings and only a beacon of hope to their own citizens
In all of these lists whether they're important or not, i always look at whether or not we've beaten Sweden
And for Danish, no one is able to do that
Even current states, like Spain and Britain, have issues with secessionists, despite Scots and English or Catalans and Castilians being *much* more similar than Norwegians and Serbians
The old meaning of bonde is more "free-man" than farmer (although most free men were farmers)
Writing this in a cafe that charges £3
A lot of the words between the 3 overlap, I would say 85-90%, the difference is the pronunciation and spelling.
On the other hand, that's a great argument as well.
France - Frankrig
Then they scooped out whatever lard was caught between her cheeks and determined that to be a pound
There's a great part in Die Hard 3 where the german(?) bad guys are trying to imitate native English speakers by using that phrase
More than anything I'm just amazed at how catchy that is.
None of them are NATO members, so they are not exactly surrounded by allies, but it's not like they are expecting an assault from Finland or Sweden anytime soon :-)
Our air space gets constantly invaded by Russian jets, and we don't cry for help but laugh at the Russians instead.
To get a userflair, depending on whether or not you use old or new reddit, there are two options:
Not true, at this point in time the early Danish Kingdoms existed, although not united yet
It can be very beautiful
My bad
His vocal performance was terrible
Awwwhh yisss
But y?
Red solo cups and dressing as cheerleaders and/or Trump
I did read that letter written by the norwegian parlament member, and it describes my less emotionally-charged thoughts quite well
I've heard about it happening maybe once or twice in my entire life - and not about anybody I personally knew
Also everyone are a bit butthurt about the fantastic pile of wealth Norway has accrued due to oil and gas :P
Youre absolutly right
Yeah, for danish it is spelled “døgn”, but means the same thing
On Fridays, people get together and have a couple of beers or a gin & tonic after hours
I remember watching this as a kid because I was too young for the English version
If Iron doesn’t float in my water, I'm not drinking it
"Han är *ju* en idiot"
No other countries have fought as much as them
I agree with turkey not being European,  but there's alot of debate if it should be included or not,
I kinda forgot about HTX and all the rest
But the only really distinct dialects I can think of are lollandsk, Sønderjysk and bornholmsk
I don’t know why it’s so acceptable because it’s definitely not in other situations
he left afterwards, because they ignored him
Not that interesting, unfortuneately
It would be a counter weight to Germany/France too
I feel you're just massively overreacting, as I'm confident that the amount of people who actual are "nazis" don't make up any significant part of the population, just like any other extremist view
I just saw a clip from "The Last Leg" where a person from New Zealand was insistent that mince on toast was a thing in Britain
Denmark is in fact one of the easiest countries bureaucratically to start a private business
The project would be between Germany, Netherlands and Denmark, the headline is wrong.
But hey its the EU, they wouldn't pass up on a opportunity to have bigger regulatory agencies.
Wereas the Swedish fönster is probably from German Fenster, right
Danes are born with a beer in their hand
Don't forget Metallica founded by Lars Ulrich
Basically, they just make up everything and then claim it's "Danish".
Things that I envy Canada for:
idk if its like that in germany, but in denmark you have to shake hands in order to pass the citizenships test
Thanks for making the post, I like keyboards :)
"Kraftædeme" is a Danish swear word meaning "cancer-eat-me".
edit: non renewables (the ~30%):
but that doesn't make it ethnic cleansing.
(pure formality, but technically required for a law to pass
It's weird and convoluted, the grammar and spelling is completely different but if you read it aloud you can understand pretty ok
*Dør* and *dør* \- meaning to die or door
Biking of course
I dont mind drinking milk, and i've had my fair share
I've always thought the "if you break your leg, live in a lifetime of debt" thing was so stupid
Can you explain what the song is about?
Protip for Russian vodka: Don't drink anything that comes in a bottle with a cap you can't screw back on again
Thanks
Green = 1/yr, Yellow = 2/yr, Red = 3/yr, depending on the condition of your teeth
Amazing how much Putin seems to have aged from 2000 till 2005
For me, I’ve always felt it as [“don’t brag”] rather than “you should hate yourself”.
The head of state is under most systems the head of the executive branch and in Norway that is the king.
He'll probably just try to leave the WTO instead without realizing the good it does the US.
If so, you must share your wisdom!
Are they really much worse than the F-side hooligans?
I'm willing to bet that Albania would have Mercedes.
I was born and raised in Midtjylland, but my dads parents had lived all of their lives on Langeland
We executed a lot of the more notorious ones, sadly
We're going to to make more than one million social media accounts, where we pretend to be muslims, celebrating the death of Nigel Farage.
I wish we had a national day that we actually celebrated, and a cool national dress
I listed those as two outcomes, but even then, most of those countries were really examples of both
"A æ u å æ ø i æ å" = I'm on an island in a creek
Like, don't get me wrong, it's delicious
And no, im not comparing an actual monarch with power to yours, just saying thats a weird argument
Personally i was on the fence before
I feel like the weather has forgotten that the nordic and baltic countries are a part of europe
I was thinking Danrig for Denmark, following the pattern of Østrig(Österreich/Austria), and Sverige(Sweden)
>Vi er utrolig glade, hvis vi kan samle det gamle land og vores gamle folk i et samarbejde, og jeg det tør jeg sige selvom Sveriges ambassadør  i Danmark sidder her
The only constraint is how credible the central bank can set the peg.
Might come as a surprise, but MS Paint
Yep, same deal with a Greenlandic person I spoke to
Globalism: Global networks and interconnections particularly in trade and politics
You shouldn't have the right to withhold lifesaving medical care either
I would say the big guys operate internationally (in Europe), which makes things more complicated
We are about the size of the Netherlands, but have a population less than Saint-Petersburg
Obviously there are exception to both types of nonsense but that seems to be the general trend
It's also the verb "to wander" ish
Hell, in Maramureș, Ukrainian is almost a more common minority language than Hungarian
Europe is at a crossroads, either we let the USA and Russia tear us apart or we unite.
I made the stupid decision to start firefighter training in the summer
It is still used by farmers
Damn, I miss Rufus, guy was a true legend
* Austria: Arnold Schwarznegger and their stand against the Ottomans
Hi, how have you all it
Why Syria isn't our responsibility.
Same here, Europe is better as separate countries working together.
Denmark is literally shaped like a head and you do this
Edit: to follow up, here's an article about the Czech style side-pull faucets, with a quote about how quick they can pour three of the mythical 7 minute pours in just 11 seconds
It's true that English material is being consumed to a greater degree than before, but I think that is just an effect of more people being able to understand it
Also, I've yet to find a perfect translation for "ærger" (jeg ærger mig)
It doesn't help that Slovakians call their country Slovensko, and their language slovenčina
You're familiar with Cymraeg then?
The government, when they wanted to do the lockdown in the spring, said their plan was informed by the relevant public agencies in charge of health, and got the other parties to support their lockdown
Although their kitchens are surprisingly good quality, compared to the other "off the shelf" kitchens you can buy here
At least at the places that I have been to
Luckily not many were injured or killed, but the disaster took out a whole lot of that town
Finland doesn't exist
Regional wars, local wars, however?
I feel the same about spring here in Denmark
Why not teach kids some biology while we're at it
BIER
14 at family birthdays, 15 at parties with my friends.
I'm from Sjælland and have never seen one in my life
It's the capital of the scooter
Norway and Sweden although that's property not surprising
Wrong: That's Los Santos from GTA V
^^/s ^^in ^^case ^^anyone ^^is ^^confused
Funny how scandnavia and netherlands have monarchies and we are all happy with while being the most developed countries in the world
It's like British but
But I started answering an American, and he looked at me like I was an absolute idiot
Oh yeah
Oh, another thing for OP: In Denmark at least, bike theft is incredibly common
Who knows whether that's approved for use.
When I was little my siblings and I would sometimes ask for spaghetti with ketchup and a clump of butter mixed in
We like them for the cheap soda, beer and candy you buy at the borders hops
it's almost uncanny aha
Even then there were several political parties that were against this change
Our plastic bags are 4,5 dkk
It used to sponsor the major Football (soccer) league and even has a song dedicated to it
Sverige - Sweden
> traveling, language exchanges
Depends on where you walk
Give me highway and railway tendies
Now I often catch myself pronouncing words with one vowel with two vowels
The translation isnt that great
And if a compromise isn't possible, I dont believe we should attempt to force one
Direct democracy from Switzerland, that would be amazing to have here in Denmark.
Then there is a history museum in the next town, that people love, with like one floor being a recreation of how the city looked back in the old days, and you can explore it indoors - I've never been there either
Well I wouldn't translate "tryk" to push that'd be "skub"
That makes a lot of sense
that's not how things work
Do you know why Catalans in France assimilated (or mostly assimilated) while Catalans in Spain have not?
I don’t know about her abilities in file saving and such but I imagine they aren’t great since she’s used to google docs since that’s used in school
As a Dane I'd just like to say:
First of all it depends on your definition of nationalism.
Also, here are some of the countries in the world cup finals not from South America or Europe
Could be some Swedish abomination
So yeah, being "the most feminist countries in the world" while still being sexist as hell is a pretty unique problem, I'd say
India has just surpassed you in GDP and that trend will only continue.
They absolutely lost their rag because a newspaper in our country posted a satirical cartoon of a Chinese flag with yellow coronavirus particles instead of stars
That's practically cheating
I will just leave these [1] [2]
Fart : DK speed, EN flatulence (DK prut)
r/truecursedimages
Some day there may very well be..
TECHNICALLY it's both Asian and European, but technically is so many other countries and you have to draw the line somewhere, afaik this sub considers turkey a part of Europe, but I might be remembering wrong
623€)
We passed quite a lot of other people also out biking with tents and all
Dude
A lot of the locals were hanging around, sipping coffee and idly chatting, and the innkeeper offered us coffee, and asked
Sadly for me, I was the only exchange student so they always noticed then I wasn't there
So its almost a cracker
Not doing that again
It appears to be a myth, actually.
There wouldn't be much left of Denmark.
Muslims have dehumanized themselves to the point where I really can't be bothered with how their women are kept.
Baltic states maybe, but Finland has been watching you guys in action and has realised that artillery and land based missiles are required to keen the Russians at bay, and they have been buying massively in the last few years.
North Korea isn’t really socialist though, and definitely not democratically socialist
The danish version is which one
"Don't pee here
I think the only thing they would agree on is if the EU sends them free money every month
When i visited Vietnam, they obviously had a completely different view towards Americans & The Vietnam War than what I’ve gotten from western media
That is something that should *not* happen under any circumstances.
If you are able to find the non-touristy spots it's still more expensive that the rest of Denmark, but it's less so than Nyhavn and the likes
As I understand it, any place/person using bits of online journalistic content must pay a fee
We don’t use genders at all
The constitution was implemented on the Faroe Islands (1850) and Greenland (1953), before they got home rule
Yeah, we could still end up losing to Europe
But then again UK and Swiss is not part of schengen and they still have issues - ultimately it's each country that set the terms for the refugees/immigrants coming to them.
As a European I'm devasted, as a historian I'm devasted
So in your example, if Italy would provide social security and pension to their own citizens, then they should do the same for the Belgian man
I was also considering the Island of Bornholm
We could say the same for you
I looked at this map and thought it had to have been made by a swede
The difference with New Zealand is that a Prime Minister can resign at any time.
Like something is missing
Du er da velkommen på både denmark og danish subreddits ;)
Naturally the UK would then be the most noteworthy country, but followed by Ireland as the 2nd most noteworthy country
Sweden
", etc
Now theres another problem with climate change
Yea, sorry bout that
They're the only ones who can demand change.
" or whatever and the other person will say "Good for you
I was less impressed by the effectiveness of the company I was there to consult for, but that's another - far nerdier - story
It doesn't seem that it should be that uncommon elsewhere though
The couple hours before it rained, but yeah, the day as well
Case in point: Valdemar Sejr (lit
Re: "tangents" if you're too dense to  see the connection that's on you
It's likely also because I didn't grow up in Copenhagen so my family isn't here and most of my friends are moving due to being done studying and getting new jobs all over the country
but Denmarks MP was *for* the new proposal and he just waived all our letters away, even going so far as to call us out on his facebook page calling us "Internet Pirates" and "Communist Hackers"...
People still travel from far to see it
Nobody wants to hear or see these bible thumping maniacs, and luckily we only have few I Denmark
But do you know why they plant the tress though
English-speakers can't because they lack the vowel ø/ö. There's also the presence of *stød*, which makes basically any foreign attempt to pronounce it wrong
Anything else will drive you absolutely mad.
Being Christian is not enough to be an European
On the other han i can tell you we have a city called Nyborg which translated to English is Newcastle
Not to mention how it all sounds like one word, which makes it even harder to decipher lol
An (police) rapport for the previous night and day would be a *døgnrapport*. Could you say a midnight rapport to imply it's from midnight to midnight
The 'Venstre' (left) in "Radikale Venstre" refers to the major center/right party "Venstre", and not left as in left wing- they are a centrist social liberal party
Yes but as you say that is if you only count the ones where 90% of the country is covered
I'd say 10 but it could always be better.
That we wouldn't sell Greenland to Trump
Been to norway multiple times and love it
I think French is closer to English than Dutch
I wouldn't give him that much credit.
Likely in an effort to distract the US populace from the impeachment proceedings of the very guy who ordered the attack
The rest of Europe uses whatsapp
How's anyone going to focus after eating that
Of course "boys will be boys" and all that but American fraternities seem to take things to whole other levels.
if you translate entire pages I would recommend the google translate addon for chrome; it makes things a lot easier
Family party could be things like confirmation, whenever someone turns 50/60 etc
> According to Google, the rate of invalid claims is below 1%.
Yes, that's what "digging" implies
They can be, but I don't know if that has ever happened.
I have been Union Rep
We're the ones happily selling them garbage we won't/can't get rid off ourselves
Well it is the daily mail
Danes who live in the southern part of Jutland often buy cheap candy/food in Germany because of the lower tax
In private use, Dannebog is used as a symbol of private celebration
But there are disadvantages too, like typically paying higher interest on debt
> There has been a pretty strong independence/republican movement ever since the early 20th century
As a result, they were granted a fiefdom, the castle at Sainte-Opportune-la-Mare
No matter if it's from fish, cows or pork
I don’t think he understood the rules and was clearly not at the venue but commenting from a tv studio
We had a Danish band write a song about this in 1982:
There's always going to be the question of how tight the union should be (and who knows), even in nation states like Denmark.
12 years ago they had 10-12% when immigration wasn't as big of an issue (they were also the only anti immigration party back then).
BLOX for me is really one of the ugliest things in the city
I have certainly never seen them anywhere else
They have a lot of those weird ones though.
And we The Got The T royale
My generation was almost exclusively taught British English in school yet when we speak it's evident we got our spoken English from movies, cartoons, music, games, not from our teachers
If the school nurse encounters a child covered with, say, cigarette burn marks, the same thing will happen.
This is painfully English
Other than that no
This is awesome
I've not been much to Eastern Europe, but a week in Budapest some years ago, was quite interesting mix in the architecture.
That should, say something
Why tf is it 17 in the Vatican / Rome
Anne = Anna
Me too, I thought pebernødder were a Danish thing
but that still doesn't explain or excuse the fact that only around 1/5 of voters voted for either Hillary or Trump
You're right
There's loads of nature if you want to hike.
They haven't crossed to the islands, but they are often spotted in Jutland.
"Vatnisser" is more simple
And the the rock on top of the missing rock falls down, leaving a sheer cliff
Probably not as much as in the anglosphere, but I'm sure it exists
Now obviously there's also exceptions here as parents aren't complete idiots
Holocaust is no longer relevant.
Only one extremely stupid minister said that
well also them yes, but there are 2 more socialist parties
Plus Danish is constantly mocked by other Scandinavians
And i pay because i like the general message of jesus christ, to love one another
yeah
ENYA
"du skal ikke råbe i min bus
Do i have to remind you how a [map of Denmark] looks like
I genuinely have a hard time thinking of all the consequences - probably the Nordics would have continued to be more internationally relevant, but England's importance would have been diminished
A bit too much staccato, but his pronunciations are spot on for the most part.
Well, the process for getting the copyright claim voided is so horrendously difficult that of course private creators just give up before starting
He refused to pay claiming he was creating art.
Once you're in your 20s you can start talking about an expectation to move out
Why did you only pick Western European countries?
According to google, it's translated to "cold buttermilk soup".
The way you treat religion, in Denmark Religion is a private affiar, with a large majority being part of the state church so i guess there is very little religious debate, or discussion here
He is technically correct, which is the best kind of correct
Yes but they are not a part of the EU.
People from "provincial" areas would take on almost mocking dialects (think Fritz and Poul from _Rytteriet_) in order to not be called out as "less".
and they say the same about all of Northern Europe, Central Europe and Eastern Europe so it seems more like it's them being the outliers and not everyone else
For example, the queen recently went to Singapore to push Danish products and industry.
Panic :) No, if I'm honest it doesn't happen
I'm just imagining a protestor giving an officer a Pepsi
After I moved out, started gymnasium and got a job my time has become far more valuable
Now I live in the western part of Jylland
besides that they are very similiar
Some people are just blind
I wish I had more time to explain why, but I'll throw in for Denmark.
"kun" means "only" in Danish :)
An expensive country like Denmark drops by 1/5 by this measure
mostly things are just licensed to America and not Europe
Language learning depends so much on your native language and what other languages you know
Russian = Spasiba
If I remember my alcohol history correctly
My dad would order "café espresso" and I was embarrassed, because I thought he was telling the waiter to hurry up
To see it's still Up :)
Lyder som svensk propaganda
Well firstly, I never said it was a war only that we owed you for it
In today’s youth it’s whether you watched SKAM or not
I'm guessing that if they don't reside in the EU, and don't really do business in the EU, then you'd have a hard time dragging them into an EU court
As I've stated in a previous thread if Denmark spend the same on developement aid as the U.S we'd hit the 2% target for NATO.
*You have chinged your last chong*
Depends on how much time you want on the east side of the island.
Ildebrand = Firey-fire
These are the questions that in the long run will make progress on a grand scale
Nobody is buying it, though we really hoped to sell it soon
Yeah, it's our newest, most expensive artillery
I hate snow and always drive a couple of hours to see family at Christmas, so I've been pretty happy with the mild winters we've had recently
Probably the most incorrect comment I've seen.
It used to be a typical German discount store
That's what scares me
No idea tbh, it might not even exist
Actively using the language made me want to not make too obvious grammatical mistakes
You had it on casks, which is the traditional vessel for beers, and if I remember correctly it was served as a mix between a freshly opened cask and one that was a few days older
It's always a bit pretending to have fun
Let's say PVV get 30 seats in the upcoming election, making them one of the biggest parties.
Tu me fais chier = you're making me shit (you're annoying me)
But for rich countries the demand for energy is pretty much inelastic (demand doesn't really react to changes in price)
Take Virum, for example, the prizes there are the same as Copenhagen, but it's around 30 km away from Copenhagen
Europeans are actively doing a hell of a lot more than most people on earth, as evidenced by the fact that Canada/USA emits about 3 times as much CO2 per capita as a country like Denmark
I personally believe its disrespectfull not to learn the language of the country you live in.
>I don’t like it when people say bad things about Poland
This always leads to either the locals being forced to assimilate (see: Wales, Turkey, France, the US, China), or the situation devolving into civil war and secessionist movements (see: Yugoslavia, Spain, Denmark, Ireland)
Most big cases there have been in the news, have been when police have discovered trucks or containers coming into the country
oh well just speak English then
Its mostly surprising to me not in the 'shit I was downvoted' more 'People think someone could mean the above seriously?'
So much so that what Danes call "nature" is what others would describe as industrial farming
Found it
Randers, a city of about 60K people in Jutland
Poor vikings, they probably heard about the pattern bold men in Dresses of Lindisfarne
Which Nation do you pick, when you play Civilisation or Europa Universalis Games?
People enjoy [Reffen] a lot or [Torvehallerne] Hija de Sanchez was actually "Best street food in Europe" in 2018
Do you know which countries had those remakes, and what they're called there
And it was followed by the coldest winter i've ever experienced
"Rød grød med fløde" er da hvad vi siger, vi danske knejte
Øhm
Cancer
And in Scandinavia as well then.
There’s plenty of folklore to draw inspiration from after all
As for Denmark Norway and Sweden: We're like three brothers who were constantly beating each other up when we were little, and a tight family after we grew up
Better have it in a private hospital than the basement of a church
Camilla Kürstein
Then a revolution started seemingly over the weekend, and suddenly nobody is staying home anymore, and cases
> Dont see why special advisors (Whatever that entails) are unelected is something bad
You are properly the biggest success story of the former communist countries.
Stick with solar imo, those countries are much better suited for that.
It also doesn't have any ghettos and has one of the highest engagement from citizens in their local government
Everyone was just so chill :)
I suppose our pickeld and marinated herrings are somewhat uncommon
) which was a place for sports, being with friends and have intellectual discussions
I just returned from a week in Lithuania, and it sorta exceded my expectations.
Meh, it’s fine
She’s got a cigarette, a juice box and some bread
It's the bomb
So the alternative would be Ireland, Scotland, or Wales.
> Chocolate on bread
In old books" from the poem "The Golden Horns" 1802 by [Adam Oehlenschläger] who also wrote the lyrics to our national anthem
i mean, the odds are near 0
All I know is that I call them "syltede agurker" (meaning pickled cucumbers), but maybe we have an actual word for them, maybe we don't, we'll never know
We don't have mountains, but if you are walking alone on a trail and you pass a person that walks alone too
Queenie's too old now has given the duty to the youngens and the horse...
Also pretty much, depending on where in Denmark, I would either go to a biker related local white guy, a Middle Eastern, or a Eastern European for drugs
Examples: Nation = Nasjon
My Finnish mother told me he's not a real Finn since he wears swim shorts in the sauna
It like you google “countries with high (blank)” and I look at, and I’m like damn, Denmark made it in the top 10 sweet
I visited back in 2018 with a bunch of my fellow history majors and we ended up being so annoyed at all the mistakes that we filled out a costumer review where we asked them to correct all their mistakes
Capitalism sucks
historically very uncommon, but the government made a move a couple of years back to move a couple of institutions away from copenhagen
We have a rising far-right and an identity politic based left.
I lived in Australia for about a year, and they are generally much more conservative, old-fashioned and religious than we are when you get outside of Melbourne and Sydney
[givment]
You can make allowances for most of these things by making a will.
"Fjeldabe" (mountain-monkey) is a purely danish word, i assume you approve ;)
Never been
I don't think i'm on the same page as Federica.
guess that’s a kind of impression as well
We're peacefull people
Well right now we're doing what you're doing and letting a woman run the show, so I think we're both in the clear
As if we didn't have enough of those already.
Not to mention that the decision made are directed by the EC and EUCO where each memberstate has a single representative
While it was a rocky start, the subreddit finally got our new discord-server up and running back in Spring
Whatever about Brexit, yes Trump's election was objectively bad, unless you're a white nationalist.
Other stuff like hip-replacements can take a while
And also extremely few people go to church on Sundays like an American would.
How in the world is this unreasonable.
That's fascinating and frightening.
right
I think the European identity is real, but not in the way most people talk about it
So we fund their economies and provide them with defense, while gaining nothing save the geopolitical influence
It's one of the reasons why we're so happy
Under that definition of "unspoilt", nowhere save Antarctica fits
as a dane part norweigen and swede i am insulted that portugal isn't higher like does the longest alliance in the world not mean anything to you
Yes, this
The danes have a much bigger "city" (or should we say municipality?).
Global warming made sure of that
Ryan and Wizz Air has plenty of flights all over, and usually a low prices
I love the setup
People are uptight in the other Nordics
It would seem like Sony aren't *that* greedy - or it's a mistake
Passé simple isn't very common though
Nicknames are rare and mostly used in very limited groups
Swedes tended to focus more towards the east back then which means it's less known (in western Europe) in general.
In Denmark the liberals and the conservatives are not the same party
WW2 and WW1 (Through not for very long)
Cold
I'm not a fan of that law myself, but the law sparked a big discussion of the meaning of a handshake
The sami moose herder
I'm fine with the disreputable bars
There aren't even danish translations of the words for Gen X, Babyboomer, millenials etc
English definetly, some translations are just off and some sayings don't have a translation so it just sounds wrong
Because they didn't spend it all on military they don't need.
It depends very much on the industry and the company you work for
Oh great
The Brits just happened to be particularly good at it, and now happen to be particularly self-loathing about that fact
I'm not sure what stereotypes Continental Europeans have of us.
In fact, all the evidence points in the direction of him being sentenced in a kangaroo court with the aim of extraditing him to US intelligence under the Orwellian authority of the Patriot Act.
"You're all equally worthless
You live in a representative democracy.
That revitalized water is better for your body, as the water molecules get rearranged by idk magic
Thank you
Doing the same to their own country and countrymen might show them the error of their way
Landfills are illegal in Denmark.
That's because I'm not a native dane, I am Greenlandic, who moved to Denmark a year ago.
My teacher teacher tried to tell me once that Colombus discovered 'Murica, despite the fact that we're living in the country that actually did
B are more to the left than A these days ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Damn, I love that style - but all in all, I believe a mixture of buildings constructed in varying styles are best for a city
The Finnish name for Sweden, for instance, is "Ruotsi", which is probably derived from the same word
(on a serious note, probably ticks
Aarhus
Someone needs to stand for these people and help them, otherwise things are going to get worse
Unemployment skyrocketed after the crisis, especially in Greece
Yup, in 1969
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking as well.
That's actually not a bad idea.
The world next year: It didn't work, all of Denmark must be killed
You haven't even heard my grand plans of Malmø FF and Malmø Redhawks joining the Superliga and Metalligaen, yet :)
The money he got for exploiting the Congo free state was used for huge building projects in Belgium which he gifted to the Belgium state before his death.
We call them "nisser". I rember once feeding the one that lived on the loft of our barn
In their view, they are not occupying Crimea, they have merely liberated a longtime part of Russia.
*There is whiteøl in the tønde*
Südschleswiger Wählerverband does not
There's nothing wrong with "attacking" someone rhetorically if you believe their premise or conclusion is wrong due to it being based on racism, or if you believe that they are arguing in bad faith to promote xenophobia
Randers Boys, if you see a scooter speeding down the highway and they're drinking Mokai, they're probably from Randers
And the country is one giant field and it smells like pig shit
I honestly don't know, and I don't understand it either
Virgin disease vs
For all the bad the Nazi's did, they sure looked good doing it
Pb - Bly
Feel free to review my non-native examples linked above :)
Beautiful
Det ville være flovt at skrive sin adresse
What exactly is your questions?
In DK and other Scandi countries, messenger is more used
People drive to Germany to buy cheap beer, soda, candy etc on a regular basis
Indeed lol
That petititon was about Brexit, right
Next to a statue of Charles, as I understand it
Eternally growing wealth is happening everywhere, all the time
What an irony
Edit:
funny, Danish is the same, Million and Milliard
uh, excuse me, Capital of what now
8 °C is already scarily visible
Deal
BIG flag
I don't remember the Lupo or old Corsa as bad as the Ka.
It's already super expensive to be member of the EU, so EU shouldn't really use more money, but we are lacking super computers and space exploration/construction in EU
Unlike Italy that expects its population to decline the Nordics will add millions in the next 30 years.
Yes there are, but not for all routes.
Compromise often is a result of multi-party systems, but it isn't, and shouldn't be, the rule
Wait ... Binface
It's also diktat in Danish
It IS a banana republic by now
Yeah, as long as the beer settles, it's all good
Yes
Look at the living standards of the evil neoliberal countries while you are at it.
I will fight you over this 1800’s French dance, and defend it to the last
Sorry
I certainly didn't know it back then, and my dad taught nature science
Postnord charges 150kr for their toll "service", so you're paying VAT on the value of what you ordered, then VAT for the shipping, then tax on the combined amount if you're ordering something that's worth more than 900-1000kr
Did you guys see how awesome the iranian fans were
Oh shit yeah, completely slipped my mind
Why would not anyone expect to be pepper sprayed at protest these days
As would you, if you had those fuckers as a neighbor
You simply can't cling onto a completely foreign culture, mentality, set of values, behaviors etc
Another classic is "empty your back" (tømme ryggen)
Oh fuck I ended up mixing dialects and accents
I don't see why anyone would want schools not to teach it
It's generally much faster and they seem to employ fewer assholes.
This is painfully English
Same goes for most other last names ending in Sen, as Swedish, Norwegian and English use Son
The Aldi we have is like if you combine the worst of communism with the worst of capitalism: Badly stocked styleless rubbishmarts always cutting corners and pretending to be cheap to fool the gullible.
It always amuses me when I go abroad and I get addressed as "Mister", because I'm totally unused to *any* form of courtesy title outside of 60 year old movies.
I'm kissing every day
Switzerland has much stricter gun laws than the US in regards to how you can purchase the guns and how to store them
The energy grid is connected to Norway and Sweden so its hydro facilities is also used.
We could simply look at most western countries
) Being only three guys we were often left semi-hungry
Then Trump is declaring trade war on EU, that will be bad for everybody, but I think USA would be in a very poor diplomatic position globally, and EU would stand a pretty good chance to get backup from countries outside EU too.
It isn't just the UK that is/was doing that.
Absolutely ludicrously overpriced, mediocre food/drinks in their restaurant/cafés, and overall bland collection of sea life
You could also make the argument that the more people stay in power the more experienced and connected they become.
and sold the islands to USA afterwards
That's why I've heard that a North/West European passport plus a passport from Singapore should be one of the most powerful combinations
Disclaimer: these are standard Copenhagen practises
The cost is because death penalty cases get much higher access to appeals.
IIRC the Nazis surrendered in NL and DK on the same day
I think would visit all the European countries but if had to pick one then I would say Italy because of the current situation that are going on in Italy right now
People just got fed up with all the cars and decided to try and change it
A single parent can earn about 6500 Euro over that income bracket and keep on getting free daycare.
To add to that, usually take your shoes off before entering a home (goes for most of Scandinavia and Germany).
[Here's an article (in Danish) on the event, with pictures]
But if they are forgetful or unjust and ignores the law then on Judgment Day, they must be held accountable, if the freedom of the Church and the peace of the land is diminished in their time
I hardly covered it in the modules on Danish history, we only had about Danelaw with Denmark for less than one hour during the bachelors and not at all during the masters  and in all of my history books about Danish history, its barely a footnote
Oh of course, how could I forget him
Nothing of (economic) importance was lost /s
Do you mean
Moresgaard is amazing
We have mayo for that tho
What about all those students running to school with toast in their mouths
For now anyway
Danish politicians find that difficult.
According to "Danmarks Statistik" the total membership count for all unions (including managers, academics and unions outside the main organization) is 1,868,332 as of 31/12/2020
Then again, I also remember building snowmen, snow caves in drifts etc
Would be great if the EU could advertise themselves with a similar message physically on display like "Funded in part by the European Union".
sounds about right
It didn't bother to make the case that it is in fact an ethnic cleansing (a few bombs don't make the cut)
Hmm, one of my best vacations was in that area but that was quite a few years ago
My mind just can't let that "islands have water all around" go away
What happens if you have a stay at the hospital for 14 days for exampel
The Netherlands/Holland: It's called Holland in Danish, so it's (almost) exclusively Holland which is used, Nederlandene = the kingdom of the Netherlands, much like how we never say the kingdom of Denmark, but just say Denmark, technically excluding Faroe Islands and Greenland.
We have freedom of - and from - religion (I'm not Christian), but Denmark is a Christian nation per design, so we'll just have to accept that a lot of things happen, that are based in Christianity, and that's why it's important to teach the kids about it
Good fucking Lord you're hideous.
I guess Bilka is a large superstore.
Not VERY foreign, but I do get a slightly "Northatlantic" feeling in Thyborøn or Hanstholm
So there is no chlorine or other stuff added that can give a bad taste
Thing is, the rest of Europe grew up, while the countries that still try to put rules on love are stuck in the playpen eating glue
and we have some of the highest upward social mobility in the world
Funny how if we try and apply modern ethics to history you can make everyone seem guilty.
My parents were Expats out there
DF isn't doing much better than a year ago
A “flying Dutch” is a football term used to describe when you leap forward to head the ball
Should the government stop that.
While we officially have Du as an informal and De as a formal (similar to german Du and Sie), the only time you'd use De is when speaking to royalty or really old people (70+ probably).
I'm a teacher in Danish as a foreign language for expats, and I have students who are extremely good at Danish, and can basically have full on conversations lasting hours, yet have an accent so Danes will simply reply to them in English no matter what
And the language, too
Old-style æbleskiver
Bet you're trying to think of a danish word now that contains a C aren't you haha
I mean, if you care about the Viking age, especially in relation to England, most of that history has to do primarily with us
The Dutch territories are a special case, because the Dutch constitution is not supreme to the charter granting the territories their rights
Art Deco was popular both in the east and the west, and 'socialist realism' took a lot of inspiration from Art Deco - both were optimistic art styles at heart
My international friends also look at me weirdly whenever I mention any of the folktales my parents used to tell me
You have to word, and then you swap consonant cluster/ vowel cluster from the same place in the word (usually the first consonant cluster)
The downside is that you'll have to drive a car with the wheel on the right - while all of Europe (except the Brits) drives on the right side of the road and have the wheel on the left.
If I begun to talk like here, would it be easy enough to understand me, but it would not be completely perfect
Adjusting to constant darkness back then could be difficult, but at least you could sleep unlike when it's daylight 24/7 in the summer
Soup
If it was a bit harder to understand, then it was most likely Swedish
I still don't understand why every nation should have a say in laws that only affect a selection of them.
And to comment on the bad placement on the scale: We have a housing bubble issue
So uh
Well, that's more to do with old limitations and traditions
This, I can relate to
Although I’m sure there are worse criminals
If you look for them, you can always find them
When you are on the list telemarketers are, with a few exceptions, not allowed to call you.
Also my choice of words becomes different, less "dialect", as I use "standard" English, so my personality also is not as present when I speak English as when I speak Danish
I sorta thought so too, that it was only a written difference, but figured I must be misinformed.
\[Chorus\]
Not all - those native to USA and Sweden do ok.
But I have a special hatred against the Ka as it almost got me killed as it gave up when I was driving through the Coentunnel in Amsterdam.
We will need border guards with very long arms I am afraid.
Anything that comes after Gymnasium (high school).
It'd most likely end up as nothing but compromises which would be nothing but a step backwards for a country like ours.
If the US and China didn't care the EU would still head towards renewable energy.
In 2032 they become free to use for all
Just seems weird: [Silverflame]
In the USA
In Denmark, either your drivers license or your healthcare(?) card is mainly considered your ID
Everyone from England, Wales and Northern Ireland would go to Scotland for a free education which Scotland obviously can't afford
I'm originally from Greenland, but moved to Denmark last year.
Most foreginers notice **Middelfart** and **Lolland**, but some are also funny in Danish such as **Sæd** (semen), **Lem** (penis), **Tarm** (intestine), **Røved** (ass oath) and **Helved** (hell)
It sucks, socialism is dying in France.
Jeg har hørt begge dele, men da jeg stod i lære som maskinarbejder lærte jeg en del farverige udtryk hvoraf et af dem var "Det er lige til at få dårlig pik og lange nosser af
I don't think Biden would be stupid to compromise with his political opponents if he wishes to bridge the divide
Copenhagen is really small, which is why I wrote Copenhagen AND **most of** greater Copenhagen.
Indeed, my good sir
Otherwise, I mostly find it amazing that they managed to navigate the mess that was europe up untill 1945
Unfortunately can't use youtube at the moment for Danish content due to a dispute between the Danish music industry and google, so I can't hear this version
With racism, I'd much rather have it shown how it was at the times
Weird coming from Silkeborg a city within a forest
And do you think initiatives like this are vital for the future survival of the EU?
You could pile more stuff on top
Because we say *on* Iceland in Danish
What are some off the most weirdest laws in your country
An obvious reason is that disputes within the EU are handled by actual courts that are subject to actual legislation.
Live and let live
Thanks for assuming, but She left me
The most effective Swedish invasion of Denmark must the the fact that we have Postnord now
Me too :( best julekalender we ever had tbh
never heard about 'millenials' and 'boomers' before encountering americans on the internet
I'd post this on r/sweatypalms if those nooses were tightened
A brush may be used for certain fruits if needed, but I don't usually do it.
and "fancy clothes":
Other causes are mass migration, a refusal to follow election results and so on
"semi drunk Swedes"?
Fucking well done and kudos to the Romanian people.
It's been a few yeqrs since I last had a German class
In short: The flag is used "at events". Any other use is just
Technical stuff
"It's *to whom*."
I actually don't know
I thought Reagan won them in 1980 but he may only have come close.
Belgium will be the spawnpoint
and i would assume that Denmark would consider an invasion of sweden, an invasion of Denmark, more or less
Femern Belt construction starts in Denmark January 2021
They’ll never find me alive
We Danes do not like Sweden though
His world view only ever worked when information of the USA was scarce and filled with propaganda, like it was in the communist bloc
Some were walking in clothes that i wouldn’t even be able to afford with a years wage
And as always, I am going to say that it has been a great year
And yes, it probably would be smarter to invest, but that is risky, and with the corona virus still around, the future of the economic situation has become harder to predict
By way of logic you're now obligated to say you also love the Danish language
I went there on holiday a while back
then, after a while, the UK says: hey, i dont wanna be a member anymore, because reason
Do you mean Hotel St
They stuff them with random crap to make them weigh the same.
I don't know if i can trust other European countries enough to support 5.
Also we do that weird thing with the letter D. Actually pretty much any of B, D, G do strange sounds after vowels
Lohikeitto is amazing - and we tasted it right after a round of ice-fishing, so a bowl of soup was perfect
* Greenland
I guess "human" is the word that comes to closest
So fast to type
And if you say European news is somehow worse than Americas private media.
Most went to Germany (and one fifth of those went back to Iraq) It was shortly after this that the Czech government stated that they would no longer try to prevent migrants from leaving the Czech Republic, probably because trying to prevent them from such had resulted in some bad press and wasn't popular with the locals, saw a twitter message and a Guardian article about how they were basically nazis for keeping migrants from leaving (Probably the left) and another complaining that if they wanted to go, go, they didn't invite them.
The elite, yes, but to claim that they were completely unrepresentative of common sentiment is just plain wrong
> it’s probably the only way to transition away from fossil fuels fast enough
We generally suck in winter sports, as winters are usually wet, windy and miserable here
And what is the general consensus in Scotland - do people seem to bother
They look pathetic
I'm pretty sure you also have a specific shortage of doctors, at least from anecdotal evidence
I once knew a guy almost always insisted on pronouncing the silent letters in English
Also, it was the act of dissecting the animals that caused foreign outrage
Endelig endelig vi er så glade, men vi siger IKKE tak
Seems like some countries are in need of a genophage
It would definitly help if every little thing he does wasn't so damn stupid  I think news in general have a tendency to focus primarily on the negative, and right now there's definitly a lot of negatives in the US
The King is the same word, but in Danish, Konge
Probably at a nice balance since Glistrup was able to get into folketing and go to prison but i still value my freedom of speech, fully support the muhammed drawings, yahya hassan doing live readings of his book and fully disagree with the modern day stasi revival in germany.
Vi har alle bilen holdende i garagen med tændt moter.
The problem is that they lie, to make it seem like it happens on a scientific background in order to gain the needed support in parliament
And maybe it's because the lobbies, have completely destroyed what constitutes healthy
I don't know how much of a unique concept it is anymore now that more towns and cities are being pedestrianised and efforts are being made to cut down on motor traffic
Can’t make an omelette without cracking a few Irish
You pretty much get the beach to yourself on Boa Vista, Cape Verde
Doesn't really matter when Turkey is willing to risk a conflict with basically anyone
The locals would be so sad when I told them that I had no idea if they were speaking Norwegian or Swedish
r/Europe moment
It means "of course" but some things can also be a 'selvfølge' which means that of course you have this thing, of course you deserve it
He took many pictures :)
What values, destroying the western world?
I think the English name it was translated from was Faroffistan
I find it kind of beautiful and unique to know such a small language
but maybe it's only some kind of waste they need
That’s the lift and the coffee.
It depends on where you sunbathe - on the beach in Jylland (Danish mainland) many sunbathe topless, but I've noticed that in and around Copenhagen, many don't. I suspect it's because of population density, among other things
Czechia = Tjekkiet
Knock, knock
I think it's that even little things feel so familiar that makes it stand out
It’s a totally over the top front page - but guys
Nice to see "How *dare* you
I'm not opposed to comprising at all
Personally it's the resistance movement during WW2, mostly because my grandmothers uncle was part of it in central Jutland, so we have heard a few stories like, supposedly, they put sugar into new asphalt the Nazis needed for a hidden airbase, to make the asphalt degrade faster.
Big usage of Anti depression medicine
Drinking laws
I like the idea - but 99% of my fellow Danes would probably wonder why anybody would want to carry cash
I've heard someone simplifying it more or less like this: A dialect with a region and an army is a language
It could've been Gátalypso
> 20CHF
Meaning that this is only an interpretation by the prosecution.
My (poor) translation/rewrite:
I did a normal google search and it appears there are several historians who actually believe Christianity was a contributing factor.
I've seen people say they don't want to pay for someone else's surgery or whatever
Denmark is usually considered the least corrupt country in the world, probably because it is near impossible
The name is so generic, that's why I forgot
When do you go from a porn actor to a pornstar
Apparently, during the raid an officer looked through my grandfathers' lunchbox, and lifted the meet on his sandwiches, to check if there were any hidden messages
It rimes i Danish too
It would just feel weird to me if I had to hug the same close friend every day
If that still doesn't cut it, then i rent a trailer, for free, to attach to my car
It's amazing, the butter mixed with the creaminess is a godsend, and I'll never apologize for loving it
5 million people
It may be the best idea we're ever going to see though so we'd better hope they're well made and will last for a long time
I grew up in Jylland and moved to CPH and was honestly baffled when I learned a driver's licenses isn't something everybody simply has
I don't get this Scottish circlejerk, they votet to stay in Britain knowing that a referendum was coming up.
That is some first grade rambling
if I could give money in order to never hear that name again, I would
Ind an unfathomable second
**Edit (a bit long, sorry):** Wow, this really upset some of you
Here's the radio press release:
I have signed up to be an organ donor when i die.
Oh yeah
I don't mind the possibility of it being there, as long as the user gets the option to turn it off at will
Switch sides and it’s still accurate
Yeah flying to Paris is cheaper for me than going by train just across Denmark
I'm simplifying here, but surely you can see that if you increase salaries, everyone needs to be paid more, so more money needs to be made from goods and services, so more money needs to be paid for said goods and services.
if anything piers morgan ans farage should be named ambassadors to pluto.
Too dirty, too many scammers etc
Takk tak
Generally American politics and mainstream culture stands for everything that I am opposed to, besides there is a severe lack of jobs for people in my field, outside of teaching, which I by no means am interested in
This should be removed from the title
I love this so much
I’m inspired by your optimism
Liquor is a  spirit drink which is generally a "plain" base, e.g. vodka or rum
Eye, the derogatory term for swedes is "svensker"
"Minutes ago"?
Fun doc
We've got the same 5 people who spend their day posting articles about muslims committing crimes and then writing these comments.
Copenhagen is quite nice in the spring and summer.
I love the Zoom 'effect'... and there it is, 10 thumbs up for Macaroon
If you ask a random person when Canada Day is on the street anywhere in Europe, you will likely be met with confusion and ignorance, as some people, myself included, know it's a thing, but couldn't just on the fly say when exactly it is, except it's in the summer sometime.
> /u/Ap97567 a bit of background: he isn't introduced as such but Johan Norberg is considered somewhat of a liberal extremist in Sweden and has for a long time been employed by the Swedish industrialist union
Russia's Norse origins have been mostly forgotten, partly because the connection stopped being renewed after the 11th century, and partly because Russian nationalism suppressed the idea that their country might have been founded by Swedes (who were, remember, historic enemies of Russia)
I thought the seas around Ireland were way too deep
Yeah, but the current government main polical party, Venstre, is just a America-wannabe party.
>1882
[Litterally the second largest party] our of 3 major parties.
I spent some time researching this topic as it is a rather interesting debate, despite how lopsided it is on Reddit
Once the red bit starts, it looks decent since it has a curb
**Northern Zealand:** Rich snobs
Conventional wisdom say that people turn toward the right as they grow older, but I'm hoping events like this and the debacle happening across the ocean might be enough to turn that specific tide
24th in the evening,then 25 or 26 there's a big lunch party thingy
But obviously politicians wouldn't be able to make an official list like that, so it becomes an issue of immigration in general, rather than 'protestant cultures are awesome, catholics are mediocre, muslim and gypsy cultures are shit', as it should be.
James = Jakob
We call them all by their first name
The question is if Italy will leave schengen after this
[I hope we don't have to remind you]
Around four times as many pigs as people
You can get a low interest loan on top of it
I was literally thinking about this 'war' this morning, as I was buttering my knækbrød. As I'd put it on my plate, I'd accidentally put it cavity-side up, and I thought: "anyone who butters the cavity side is idiots
They're quite commonly used to solve the mystery of "what is against the law and what is not".
Until recently not coming
At this point, only something like 20% of men are actually drafted (women don't have to), and usually only for a couple of months.
I guess the worst I've experienced is that people don't understand when I say things like 'kimse' or 'møjet' and stuff like that
It definitely has its own special charm.
Ved valg af flere ingredienser vil det opskårede pølsebrød blive åbnet, og ingredienserne lægges i åbningen, så de ikke glider af, når hele sortimentet bruges
I am the third and I have forgotten all about it
I have taken the liberty to translate the lyrics, keep in mind that I have translated nothing but the meaning
You are still known as one of the most socially progressive western countries, and will be known as such long after he is gone.
Luckily, the fire kept going through the night
How would you reconcile that?
The tone regarding mass migration has certainly changes in the last 10 years, and mainstream parties have realized that if they don't take people's concerns seriously then they will simply be voted out of office
Also the wedding cake
Driving around Sweden or Denmark is nice and offers unique experiences that Copenhagen or Stockholm just can't offer.
How about Ireland start contributing instead
Yes
Obviously not
Denmark doesn't generally have a lot of long straight lines for high speed tracks.
I would not tell my wife that I secretly cheer for Norway over Netherlands in handball
I don't think you would need to share the oil fund
Irish people don't go to the hospital - they go to the morgue after getting absolutely murdered the other night
We tried to do it a few years back
The Prussians were kicking our asses and moved closer and closer to Copenhagen
Also, fuck Danske Bank
Some people did fly the Stars and Stripes on their flag pole regularly, and they were asked to take it down, because they didn't have permission to do it
nutids-r (present -r), which is adding an r after verbs when they are in present tense
As a percentage of the population, Bulgaria actually has more Roma people ([10% in Bulgaria vs 3% in Romania]
send help
For what it's worth, geography did play a major role in what caused the EU to be formed.
At present I am tentatively pro-EU, simply because of a few functions that it fulfills which I would be loathe to lose, but I also despise it as a bureaucratic and undemocratic mess.
Because they're not shown as morally infallible, it makes sense that they'd follow the views of the times
They are literally pioneers in EDM, and so many events there too
Not nearly to the same extent as you see from the USA but it does exist
True, but they're still trying to compensate by running longer trains with more capacity
I get that it’s not exactly *only* in my language
I've met people who never even had anything about the Vikings at school
Sure Kim Jong Un might not call himself a king, but he inherited the country from his father, and when he dies it will be one of his children or his sister who inherits it, which is how a monarchy functions
To take it a step further, if one of your parents is Danish and the other one is say, Japanese or Ghanaian, but you were born and raised in Denmark with Danish citizenship, a lot of Danes will still not consider you 'one of us'.
Same situation in Denmark, some time ago.
Poor people who grew up in a home that barely made ends meet are less likely to take on crazy amount of debt just to go to school
Petersburg might even get stripped of its hosting
In Danish, although we have *nevø* and *niece*, *søstersøn*/*brordatter*/etc
Granted, this is 10 years ago
When reading the geography of Caithness:
I guess to the other Nordic countries, the danish are probably born with a silver spoon in their throat
With a little detective work, you can find articles published by tv2 vejret that sometimes mention previous snowy Christmases
Tankie spotted
You mean letters
Anyway it’s a whole shitshow, but it’s definitely a popular and controversial subject at the moment
Now we can even use the whole
I understand the politics that there has to be some consequence.
Lots of countries have free healthcare and 30 days vacation and paid university, they’re not all Nordic
And the reason why most employers aren't actively aware of its existence, which is one of the reasons why companies doesn't just hire women.
His country is why you never turning up drink to a meeting
Example
I like it a lot, safe country, the best place to get sick or loose your job
Time in the market matters more than timing
For me - high school was so much better than primary school
Don't ask me why the automatic has an extra 20 horsepower with the same engine
How about you
Really long words
I think I've seen numbers as high as almost half the total European potential.
U rly fit the stereotypical 0humor german
Mostly ancient Greece though
Good work there and good luck
We were too
I've had this exact same thing happen
But Denmark doesn't have any mountains, so fjell fell out of our vocabulary, and bjerg became the word for hill/mountain.
Netop
That and banning nuclear power.
But since I have started using reusable bags, I now have to buy rolls of garbage bags
I some how thought it was Norwegian, as Spar in both my own language, and in Norwegian means "To save" (monetarily)
They would be more like administrative regions and thus no more inter*nationalism*.
The current Danish population descends from Oostvaardersplassen
Norway normally has their shit together
So most I know through studying the languages
If the Germans are in on it others will follow.
Some families have that tradition but certainly not all
And there are still people alive today who remember that time
Also, it stays warmer for more of the year
Yep, but the language is very, very similar to Danish.
Oh, I get 2 beers as part of it
We will just insist on national spelling.
German = Danke
Well most Danes despised the Germans by then because of what they did during the first world war for taking Danish soldiers to fight for them from Slesvig, even though Denmark was neutral during WW1
The size of the combined north plus the geopolitical story of a growing economy in the Arctic area might just pull the north to the table just because maintaining peace and Arctic exploration is a sensitive topic for many.
Some journalist tried to coin that during the press conference
Copenhagen functioned as a toll point
For us unions are seen as integral and something you basically have to be a member of no matter what
Ecco has a big presence there, to name one ️
That could actually be a great idea.
Sweden stab stab
1 foreign policy priority
And none, but who *should* have intervened then, if not NATO
Such an amazing event where people who had been separated finaly could meet again
Because when I was there, I remember them telling me that it took a fair bit longer before the sun reached above the surrounding mountains
They probably think its the german equivalent of the leaning-tower pose
That would probably explain some it.
"Lægge en arm" = "Drop an arm" is related and terrible
can't be competitive without a currency that favor them?
We've had ***no*** snow in eastern Denmark this winter
We celebrate it; doesn't make it a holiday
But thank you for telling me about this
DANCE and We are your friends by Justice were enormous hits in Europe
He’s recently been banned from doing this, mostly for his own safety, since the threat of someone attacking him has been quite high recently
> Where did I do that
My parents (I’m 17) grew up with Swedish TV
dutch beer is a joke :(
as a sports shooter and gun enthusiast I have mostly envied the rules in Czechia, Switzerland and to a degree also Austria and Poland
In general, yes
As for how you learn - mostly, you just go to some quiet roads or an empty parking lot or whatever
Her kommer jeg
No sauce
Open session in Parliament
Thank you all so much once again and have a nice day
It was just the same person as the Danish king
It would be the same as someone making a thread about a person that was killed by the far left or islamists years ago
when you have the moral highground *in your opinion* fuck the law!
Au - Guld
Racially, sure
People disdain our armies and have so little respect for our soldiers
>§ 21
It makes sense it would get chosen as a nationality for a character for children’s show from another continent over Denmark
Klippeklistre
Edit: My bad, there is a non-legendary hardeknud
You'd never find a true Dane enjoying the weather — it's always too cold, too hot, too wet, too dry, etc
okay and I’m grateful for them but with various maaaaajor problems
'Lunsj' in Norwegian is just as much a loan word as 'weekend' in Danish
Got addicted
We do that too, only the amount we get is more than double
And while the social situation is improving, and there's started to come some much needed non Liberal ideas in mainstream American politics, it's simply not good enough, and much of it is watered down by compromising with liberals on key issues
In my hometown (Randers) the German had situated their foothold with around 4000 of their total 11000 men, all led by a German count called Gert
The people are broken
Didn't know guns were popular in Greece
Snaps isn’t a special kind of alcohol but the term for taking a shot of aquavit (in Denmark) during the course of a meal
Our national statistics bureau made a mistake, regarding our exports, leading our GNP to be artificially low for the last 3 years.
&#x200B;
English as my job is pretty intereuropean.
We've been too far north for many empires to want to conquer us, and as a result we and the other northern countries have been able to pretty much stick to ourselves
they have the highest net worth.
I was very impressed by the effectiveness of the Spanish police that day
Parents also often bike alongside their small kids, with a hand on their back
Interrail works for all trains *except* in your own country
Bonus: We have the football clubs FC Central Jutland, FC Northern Zealand, Soutern Jutland Elite sport and we used to have FC Western Zealand
Hviderusland
Denmark missed out on the oil because it didn't have the right to it according to the common rules for dividing ocean resources
That still somewhat counts in Denmark, though not as an actual law but more of a strictly-followed etiquette
as a dane i am actually shocked by how low denmark is
Flag cap
In denmark and basically all of scandinavia is vikings and we hear it from every one
I texted a swedish family member actually
I'm not looking forward to your fun time.
Danija is a beautiful name for Denmark
I think some schools have changed the subject to religion instead of only christianity
"fours" or "four-times-twenty".
I am looking at the questions asked Danes.
Du er eddermaneme død skidespræller
How can you get obese in England when all the food is so bad ^^^^/s
In time i think she will show to have what it takes to lead one of the biggest economies in the world.
Is that the one with the pterodactyls?
I feel like these should be less " choke full of stereotypes" and more normal looking
I don’t think you can categorize ‘snaps’ and ‘aquavit’ as two different things
Except for Norway
By sanctioning Russia the EU shows that it wants warm relations with Ukraine, another potential market with a lot of growth potential.
Ill just throw some of the ones i listen to at you
The Danish flag is a crusader-banner which our kings just chose to use as their personal banner (with or without the consent of the Church), so it's a bunch of crosses
How is religious status relevant for signing a property lease?
Check
) and it always weirds me out even though I know they're just being polite
Personally I would very much like to see it made entirely voluntary, like it is for women
If Spain is better, you have more friends there, and you've spent most of your life in Spain, why would you prefer the Romanian citizenship over the Spanish one
Just like how sarma(kåldolmere) came to Scandinavia
I think I just baffled him so much by asking for it back quite sternly
[Nyhavn] Who wants to pay 50 Euro for two pieces of smørrebrød and a tuborg
As for Lolland, it has a different sort of feel to me
>Our foreign affair minister, Per Hækkerup, got drunk and then basically gave Norway all of it
How would Sweden and France deal with the Netherlands over diametrically opposed marijuana policies?
It's true, we consider it part of Denmark, but in the same way we consider Greenland a part of Denmark
“Spain can go further,” said Wynn.
I can't remember how much we paid for it, but everyone's friendly curiosity was just so heartwarning
Some new building by the harbor in Aarhus installed a nice shiny new copper roof, and every time I see it I think "I can't wait for it to turn nice and green
That’s a new one
Western Jutland
me me me
I do mind new religion arriving in Denmark.
I also understood it all, I just said that the accent was quite un danish.
That's a quick way to never get invited in again
The best way to counter them is to give them aid and help them shed themselves of their corruption and move to become a liberal democracy and improving the standard of living.
That's what I remember learning
But i am also very insistent on us sending said refugees back to their home countries as soon as there is peace.
Denmark just transmformed from 1 peninsula and 2 Big Island into one blob and a weird ass Island
Randers, a city of about 60K people in Jutland
Like there is the things the vikings did, but if i didn't get to choose that then i would say the Stockholm Bloodbath is pretty high up there
> Everyone here is talking about reforming the EU somehow
If a politician gets convinced to change his opinion because of some protesters, he might no longer be representing the people who voted him into office in the first place and therefore be replaced at the coming election
The song is great in practically any language other than English
Anyone can license the Lightning connector, they usually just don't because it costs money and USB-C and micro-USB don't.
He has
It's wild to listen to, and only fair that they include it
when sweden was in a diplomatic row with saudi arabia over women's rights and human rights
The West did not create the Arab Spring
The only one who did that was the Arab League, which was kinda expected.
Yes, but it's convenient that all sizes of bread fits on it
I find the lack of crossed lines in your flag, disturbing..
In the morning rush hours, the Shinkansen are so packed that some people have to stand up for long stretches
We solved the border dispute with Germany in a civil referendum
But no, a one-state solution in the Middle East doesn't seem likely in the near future at least...
Some 200 years ago the Nordics used to not be able to go a year without some bloody massacre taking place, either Denmark doing it to Sweden, or the other way around
Such a nice and open people, I absolutely adore them (heck, for a while I actively sought out Norwegians guys when dating)
It says a lot about the kings power and lifestyle
It's not recommended to bank on getting the grant because it might be hard to keep the hours needed.
:) [OC video of geese parade ]
Cocio is great, but I think Danes sometimes forget Cocio is Danish due to the commercials always being in British English, and when you buy a can they are likely never produced in Denmark
But I have no idea about how good their Russian is
I hate it, too
Because it's a shitty state ruled undemocratically by a king.
Our current one is a little too complicated when a more ideal one should be 5:7 or 8:11
Oh yeah, and Copenhagen just got a new metro line, which has been many years late and billions over budget
Part of the issue is that the whole premise of "religion" here is essentially an early-modern, Western Protestant construct
I was referring to his claim that "populism=covert racist", which isn't accurate
Vastly depends on which non-eu county
you’re lucky øresund wasn’t frozen when you crossed
You HAVE to present the card you used to pay for the ticket.
The only downside to making them yourself is the time it takes + realizing how much butter you're eating
oh, we call it "sweet milk" (3,5%)
Thats your official name in Denmark :P
But we also have a huge variety of energy drinks and soda-flavoured alcohol which are only sold here
It seemed like it would be a risky move, but again, it's their decision.
What
More or less, ive yet to see beyond germany so i dont know what to expect, but if a road looks inconvenient, i wont take it :D
Furthermore, 900 people lost their homes and 304 were wounded (67 of which were children)
You "ligger" in bed, and you "sidder" in a chair
Look how long they take to finish their high ways
So far my own experience with the Dutch health care system hasn't been the best.
Not only free university, but the SU (state-sponsored monthly support, roughly 800 dollars), also (barely) covers food etc.
The link doesn't work but i saw that he resigned, good on him to actually do what he says.
That is however not as widespread, so that argument is less valid
If yes, it is democracy, not dictatorship.
Yep, in Danish the word for both kite and dragon are drage
Capitalist countries
> I don't think political integration have to mean cultural integration too
Probably why I equate the smell of pine with summer
The Soviets actually did take a part of Danish territory; the island of Bornholm, which is situated in a strategically important position between Sweden and Germany.
"Vikings save treasures from monastery after monks die in hatchet-related incident"
Wouldn’t it be called an internship
What about all the Turkish, Iranian, Afghan and Kurdish immigrants in Europe
Bookmakers put her chances of winning the presidency at about 20%.
I know this scenario isn't really plausible, but think of it as a thought experiment.
English
(ETA: I took [this] picture at the beach a couple of years ago
Furthermore, it would make the drug more safe for everyone if it was legalized, so all in all, I think it should be legalized, but with an age cap at ATLEAST 21, preferably more
And it's a pretty stark contrast when this comment is directly next to someone making a joke out of "our country profited hugely from slavery, but who cares"
Danish: All of it
He is suggesting ethnic cleansing to get rid of Russians, despicable in my opinion.
Just my guess
I'm surprised Iceland isn't lower
> Our foreign affair minister, Per Hækkerup, got drunk and then basically gave Norway all of it
So why should the act of cutting off the skin of the boy's penis be legal, when we already have banned female circumcision for both religious and non-religious reasons
This was the best bits of my childhood ever
We've got the first three as well.
Norway has been stuck in between during these wars.
How about you
Name a culture where food doesn’t play an important role, though
youre setting a double standard too
His slogan is something like "The guardian of the community, soldier of freedom, light of the Danes"
Hope you weren't forced to say "rødgrød med fløde" for laughs more than 5 times a day
I would think a refugee to be someone that if they had of stayed in their home that they would have been killed, either by an invading army/militants or by stray bombs, or by things like drought, flooding, starvation etc.
Nobody in the whole city had noticed that it was missing until he cam forward
Oh that is very much a native speaker issue
Yeah, literally everyone in Denmark loves him, and I’m sure the rest of the world would too if they knew the language
Basically every country, where it was needed to preserve vegetables through winter does it
But nothing's really been pulled because it was directly bad taste
We don't get snow often in Denmark, but my family has sometimes made ice lanterns
The most popular ones include "Himmelhunden", "I en lille båd der gynger", "Hvorfor går Louise til bal".
Gazprom will ask Denmark next week for Nord stream 2 project approval.
I don't particularly like circumcision, but this is the reason I would prefer it to be legal
But again, people think it's more "cute" than anything
Thanks for information
If Sweden is ever invaded, I promise I will make plans to liberate you guys, and tell you about them after the war is over
> Only 29% of Welsh people are able to speak Welsh
The POLES ARE MELTING
Context matters
If you want to know the exact moment, then there's no better method
\*edderkop
There's even a movie based on Journal 64, which is a book in the series
The goverment is throwing everything at getting the job done, including the military
> the transcaucasian state's are considered European due to their historical and cultural presence and whatnot
And it's just a feature of the language
lmao /r/rareinsults
You will typically take classes in the local language while you're there, but also, just living and studying with locals helps you pick up the language quickly.
At this rate SU will be a distant memory by the time I hopefully finish uni.
When I was there it was all nice and relaxed and the locals were super nice to a kid like me, the hotel was nice etc
Fransk sennep
We do something similar at "fastelavn", unfortunately the snaps never caught on here
I think hiyakathy was talking specifically about Danes having problems understanding other danes.
It's not a part of any national program or anything you actually hear anything about (as far as I know), my brother and I are very gifted (4
Furthermore, the harm of denying a person the opportunity to choose  not    to be circumcised must also be taken into account, together with  the    damage that can be done to the individual’s relationship with his     parents and the medical profession if he feels harmed by the  procedure
It's broken
I might try to claim the brits took our word
Even if the power comes from coal, carbon emmissions are still lower because EV cars are more energy efficient
Political integration *always* means cultural integration
You vote for parliament seats, and based on that, the parties in parliament basically negotiate to form a government.
Who says EU has higher GDP than USA atm?
He was supposed to meet the Queen and PM, they were slightly offended by the double diplomatic slight of first inviting himself, and then cancelling for no good reason
I'm not at all sure if you have it in other countries, but "hjemkunstskab" or cooking in English
Imagine an English news-anchor insisting on pronouncing every French or Hungarian city in the native fashion - it would be really jarring
The parents are trying to teach you what you need to know when you do eventually move out
Medister my parents used to make when I was a kid in the 90s, though I never liked it
We don't really hate the swedes
He is actually still politically active, and I think I saw something about him running for mayor of my city at one point
I gamle bøger" roughly "They long and seek
Meaning that they will be able to breathe if they get flooded?
denmark isnt norway norway is denmark if anything
There is of course floating turbines in development but they are still an expensive option
are we going to have to use American English when the Brits leave the EU
Because Bergman is one of the greatest directors of all time
Nice one to know
Aside from that, boring detached house areas with no charm whatsoever
You crush the kammerjunker
Southwest of Sicily on this map
then I imagined how weird a birthday would look like with the german or french flag, because the danish flag is "*the* birthdayflag"
"Agurketid"
Dearest Community; both those of you with answers, and those of you with questions
But maybe I'm exaggerating
German is for sure the go to Language if you wish to work in Europe, since it is not only the primary Language in Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein and Switzerland, it is also a second/third Language for northern european countries and eastern european countries, which makes german a Very good Language to learn second to english ofc
I want to change the name in Danish because if we say North Poland it means the North Pole which is confusing
TIL it's not "fiese Matenten"
if youre serious, you can contact him here
What makes something a different dialect would have more to do with the vocabulary, grammar, and accent (although yes, a different accent is not enough to make it a dialect from my understanding of it, either, maybe unless it's so different it starts making it hard to understand for others
No and i don't see why we should strive to do that
We always get ads about saving poor people in African countries
It's the term for a "Scheibe Brot" (skive brød) that you can't successfully eat with one hand.
Point me in the direction of someone who is oblivious of Maersk and I will agree with you.
In my expreince most serbs are perfectly pleasent and i say that even though i got robbed by a taxi driver in Belgrade.
Shes doing a good job imo
My brother-in-law and his family lived in Toronto for 6 months a couple of years back and enjoyed it very much
[ ISO and ANSI are] ISO layouts have the vertical enter (ISO enter) and one more key than ANSI
While he's actually better of now, less stressed and what not, he would really like to be asked about important stuff
Also, Ive never seen danish turned into engrish before
You only mention 6 verdensdeler - I think you forgot Asia
So it's not all just a pink cloud of how beautiful and great Denmark is
Also being a small and somewhat homogeneous country, people tend to get narrowminded and complaining about the smallest issues
Fun fact: Some Danes and Dutch share the same English accent
It's true that English material is being consumed to a greater degree than before, but I think that is just an effect of more people being able to understand it
The Netherlands, France and Germany will all have elections within 6 months from now, with a combined population of over 150 million.
Biking around the lake is highly recommended, if you like cycling
I only counted biodegradable waste which does count as renewable
You know, I feel threatened by your hate speech laws, so could I have you arrested for talking about them?
Edit: A lot of people a speaking of 52 cards in the "French" deck - which is the one we use in Denmark
>I always learned in my history class that you called him Christian the good
Ionian Turks would have considered themselves Greeks less than a millennium ago
Now that's rapid improvement
[Kidd - ik lavet penge] I would also say is annoying, even though it became so popular in Denmark, it still annoys me to hear it
I have also heard that, Danes were the "Italians" of Scandinavia and Swedes the "Germans". Norwegians were the "Brits" or something
In total, excluding the prime minister, we have 19 ministers
It's not very many units where it makes sense to use deca and even when it makes sense (with grams) we use single grams
She's 7 years above life expectancy for women in UK (90 vs.
Most of the peaople I know do not own af danish flag
You don't really have much say in whether you're shooting to kill or shooting to injure
I'm mainly interested in other European cultures.
barely 40% of the people vote and young people have the lowest turnout
cant think of any other atm, i'll add more if i remember them
Of course though, no Dane really knows any of this until years after they are taught the numbers
Anything more than 1€ is too much
Well
But why
They are getting better
The highest point is right behind a barn and not that interesting, so we tend to ignore the fact
I should write my thesis about this
[Nope, afterski in Denmark]
You could definitely do worse than Copenhagen for those kinds of activities, especially compared to the rest of Scandinavia.
You could say that the fire won't Finnish
In Demark foreigners are apparently taught to say "goddag, hvordan har du det
in his kitchen kabinet he had:
Danes are similar to Norwegians, and Serbians are similar to Bulgarians, but Bulgarians aren't similar to Norwegians
We don't even need central power plants for stability any more
If you are living well during the uptimes, you should be able to put something aside for the downturns
Probably Scarlet Pleasure - Deja Vu
Because it was just totally a very convenient mismanagement of the territory with the 2nd biggest ethnic group, which weren't exactly positive about Moscow rule, that just happened to severely gimp said ethnic group
Im pretty sure the idiotic old people who run my country would gladly leave europe because they think our tiny fucking country could survive on our own
Is the bag price because there's no government mandated price for plastic bags
That's really bad
Wow, I had completely forgotten about that song - thanks man
While improvements, they as well are also not too charming, but after Hundige you sorta leave the Copenhagen area and get to Greve, Karlslunde and Solrød, which are very fine areas, and almost a complete 180 from the neighbouring areas
Denmark has a giant “bad music” industry, we were behind both Barbie Girl and Uh ih uh ah ah and ai ai ai I’m your little butterfly
But according to my friend from Lolland, there, they throw all the first year students in a lake
90, halvfems: halvfemte + sinde + tyve - meaning 4½ times 20
Being members of the church, but not beliveing in god
> Everyone here is talking about reforming the EU somehow
The first one i thought of was [Christian 10
- Lee Mack
I guess the British will go back to Navy / Dark Blue they previously had...
Ajax is not even my favorite team on the Netherlands I prefer Feyenoord.
I wish I could give you a better answer than "we just don't want to get directly involved", but that's basically what it boils down to.
Why i oughta
As long as it's not a steel-and-glass cube with no other details, I'm all for it
I've heard about it happening maybe once or twice in my entire life - and not about anybody I personally knew
The hardest is probably Dalarna
the swedes try to banter a bit but all they can say is "dansk jävler" or whatever, and it's getting kind of old - and it's got nothing to do with stereotypes
You can use them in conjunction with a student card
Trying to pronounce the text makes it somehow understandable
i always use though, thanks for the tip.
causing someone to exist isn't a harm
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one"
Business
More likely this change is inevitable, and postponing it too long will make the transition more severe.
Oh yes, I heard about three Swedes and five elks were found washed ashore on Rügen when the strip of land between Denmark and Finland was flooded.
Luxembourgish is also a slow read, but I understand most
Why would you be against mass-immigration, but pro- an organisation that facilitates and supports mass-immigration?
Stakkel
Ryanair can cancel any routes that are unprofitable.
When we build this dam the ecosystem will be destroyed anyhoo
People share left and right at a party, but if you had a bottle of whiskey and someone else had a bottle gin, you might share or exchange, to get variation in drinks - but if somebody else simply drank your whiskey not having asked you beforehand, that would be very rude
“For me, the new Germany exists only in order to ensure the existence of the State of Israel and the Jewish people.” - Martin Schulz
I gave up in high school and now just put commas where the lack of one impedes reading or comprehension
I don't think that people here view the other Universities as worse than Copenhagen
Guess I only have one choice if it’s a girl and that’s Margrethe
Other times he'd spend the weekend at her house, and they'd join our and her families when we vacated somewhere interesting (because who wouldn't like a free vacation with your boy/girlfriend
Absolute shitshow that one
8% of the votes for Paludan, than just under 50% for donald trump
500 lobotomies were performed on developmentally challenged and "morally deficient" men, women **and** children all the way down to 6 year olds
You are assuming people would know where Dora was from and not naturally assume that she is mediterranean
myeh
It wouldn't be European otherwise.
Some may have a different view but i feel like Copenhagen is a world of its own particularly in the summer when there are tourists
Witnesses said she was breaking down crying in the bedroom after he left, but she hasn’t pressed rape charges and he says it was consensual but that he’s sorry and that it shouldn’t have happened (obviously)
And they certainly don't wear a red poppy
The community has grown quite a bit
Totally agree
Sure we have some pride in our frikadeller, but not nearly enough as the French have in their regional cuisine
That was like 30 years ago btw so the horror of trying to draw it really stuck with me
Unfortunately many are dialects are dying out as the young people tend to converge and sound like they do in capital region
I really does get old
Why is Italy constantly on the verge of going bankrupt then
Because when a private company does it, its the consumer using it that voluntarily plays for it.
Cry
My high school cantine employee was even an engineer from Egypt but couldn’t get his degree accepted
And the pledge is a part of that, and that is why it is creepy.
Some call it Saladpizza but the ingredients are usually the same
I've no idea what this is based on, but it seems a bit out of tune with reality.
I hate it when my car runs away
You can always find a place that serves either Gösser or Stiegl
It should be the next lingua franca just to force Swedes to speak it
"I liked the part where he made fun of the other side but I really didn't care much for when he went after my side"
And Halland, and Blekinge, and Gotland, about that, we need to have a word with Germany too
This is what op referred to
Greenland and the Faroe Islands like to say they work towards independence
NO: Dåse = "Pussy", no explanation needed
I am so jealous of mountains, I love mountains
I might have odd taste, but she is the least attractive in my eyes.
Also in Denmark billboards along roads are illegal for the most part, and most conservative religious people (except Jehovah's witnesses) aren't really a part of the public scene
We have Greenland and the Faroe Islands
On the other hand the ugliest word is probably Ørred, a trout
it is only pretentious students that copy British accents to get a 12(Highest grade)
The focus should be instead on the people in the camps and they should be help there via increased funding and aid.
Russians in general seemed closed off but ones you got to know them you know that they would be great friends, the freinds I made in Moscow even came to visit me in Denmark last year and slept on my couch, next year in January I'm returning the favor and going back and I will be sleeping in their apartment
In DK and other Scandi countries, messenger is more used
Like in Egypt everybody lives along the Nile while the rest of the country is pretty much empty
Haha, that would be great
That's not even interesting to a guy from eastern Jutland..
That is maybe what you are referring to
It's seen as Sweden being overly PC / Swedes being SJWs
But Norwegian is a cute language
German is a close second for many
They might not fly today, but that seems unfortunate more than anything
Not English in particular, but sometimes when I've been in a foreign country for sufficiently long, all the Danish ads and road-signs look like gibberish at first for a few days after returning
On the other hand, the first times I visited was before google maps and before we'd even gotten our maps halfway out our bags an american would approach and offer us directions
It seems to be a fairly well functioning country since we rarely hear stories about it etc
000 public employee went on strike from March until June and even by the end, most Danes supported them doing so
We have been going to ski at least once every year almost my entire life, and we always go afterskiing
Their curve is currently worst
"Theres no cow on the ice" translates to "there's no problems" in Denmark
no clothes' gonna help ya
In english it went wedra(proto germanic) -> wedar(old saxon) -> weder(old and middle english) -> weather(modern english)
For an example, to talk backwards in danish is "snakke bagvendt", but it becomes "bakke snagvendt" when you swap the first consonant clusters
It's literally where we got shitload of our most popular crops from
Saying the Catalonian independence movement is small is quite the understatement I would say.
I think it would look good
I had the impression that while shopping streets are aplenty in big cities, pedestrian-only streets (like [Strøget] in Copenhagen) are quite rare
in about another few centuries or so
Not a native, but people often mix up then and than (which do not sound similar in any way) and the ole they, their, there, they're
We really exaggerate it among ourselves
One of the things I often encounter when I talk to people internationally about Denmark, is that I need to explain that while we have a low gini-coefficient, it's not like people start from 0
Rip
tbf you also have jelly eels
Hahaha this happens so often on my morning commute as well, and it's the most awkward thing sitting there, with nobody closer to the driver doing anything
We call it Sankthans in Denmark and it’s in June
Let's not forget:
Are the whole US vaccinated
The only way Greenland, for instance, would be able to sustain its economy, is by massively doubling down on natural gas and oil, which is obviously not the way we want to head
Except for Copenhagen I would say Herning, Silkeborg, Aarhus and Odense
because Pechtold receives death threats from PVV supporters.
Anyway, I want a list of Danish politicians who voted in favour
It's possible that Vendsyssel and the areas around Aalborg had snow in 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004
I might be partial since I have to look at this eye-sore every day, but my first thought was [Carlsberg Metropol] I take very specific joy in the fact that it's falling apart
We literally just say `tak` which means “thanks”.
Don't get me started on how much I hate the way we put pineapple in our own juice as soon as anyone dares question anything about Denmark: "_But it's better than [somewhere else]_"
Solen (the Sun) and månen (the Moon) are Both neutral, as it should be
I plan to move there and teach, because it’s just the perfect place for me to live
I will never support a federal Europe as I feel that we are just to different.
I know surprisingly little about my owns countrys history, compared to what I know about pretty much the rest of Europe
* Ayaan Hirsi Ali (A somalian-dutch human's rights critic of Islam, and advocate for the rights and self-determination of Muslim women
... You're not reading what I am writing
Then why would he be ok with being an equal with Putin?
They'd actually brag about having blood on their army boots from a big fight at a Nazi march etc.
Swede: We were talking curse words
Can you send some to Denmark, please?
An hour to get ready, 45 minutes transport, and I like to be there 10-15 minutes early and shoot the shit with my coworkers before the actual work starts rolling in (and to avoid being late because traffic was a bitch)
I have written this message in Danish first and then translated each word into English so that I, as much as possible, keep every word's original placement in relation to each other
In many instances, i think the EU is a big driving force behind trying to get its member states to take in people from outside of the EU too.
But, to be fair, having lived in Copenhagen for seven years now, I can comfortably say I've met more native Copenhageners who never set a foot on Jylland or Fyn (nor do they ever want to), than I have those who have been there
enthusiasts
trusting people
You have to drink every time he trips over the skin on the floor
* Kiss someone of your own sex - turn the cross around
It's simply that it's such a "neutral" dialect I think
"Almost everyone" - hard to tell - of course all with terminal symptoms.
I haven't been to a McDonalds since I was a kid, but I have also never heard about broken ice cream machines should be a thing at McDonalds here either.
I don't get why Germany refuses to see itself for what it is, one of the most relevant and influential countries in the world
Just fucking stop if you don't want any more.
Infrastructure spending in particular has had a history of going to other "purposes".
ah St
He pretended to be a neo-nazi, a radical black supremacist and then he ended up being arrested for sharing bomb making materials on a twitter profile where he pretended to be a radical islamist.
So it's not all just a pink cloud of how beautiful and great Denmark is
Not much of a survival rate :P,  but the westcoast fishertowns might be places were dialects a somewhat alive
Why are you like this, Finland
I have seen Greeks often cross the road while they have red sign, I feel almost compelled to stop every time I see the red man
He is a politician, yes
also applies to things like when talking about welfare-policies in a positive light, as they often just as misinformed
But generally, these excuses above will be accepted as valid - especially in Copenhagen, I've found - due to the fact that trains and busses are almost always late, and traffic is often bad - even if you are on bike
But I don't see it very often, and it's not something I would want for myself, since I imagine the kids would get locked out all the time
To record (non-fly) border passing is not normal - passport control or not.
I can understand a little bit but not much
They are not dangerous, they are just stupid.
But It's so stupid, they can only have 100 square metres open on sundays.
I remember at the 2000 Sydney Olympics I came home at night and turned on danish tv
We haven't had a decent winter in flippin' YEARS
It is a large scale infrastructure project.
my dad thought he was gonna go to jail for bribing a border officer
It was war for German domination
Ej mange tak
It probably applies to Americans of Scandinavian or German ancestry, but not really to people of Italian ancestry
>  Is it working out well or would it be a bad idea for the U.S?
People who claim they aren't, is telling lies.
On that day alone i had two occasions
As opposed to the circlejerk you guys are engaging in throughout this thread?
Leftovers from the 60s and 70s mostly.
Is that a joke right ??? Please tell me it is
Maybe not as revolutionary as some of the other examples in this comment section, but we're pretty damn proud of it
"Butterboller om ti vor halv fümf in dem middag, en dame von kultur
Beyond the ethical aspect, this backfired pretty bad, since it so infuriated the Danes that Sweyn Forkbeard, the king of Denmark, invaded the year after, conquering England and ushering in decades of further Danish rule
So kind of the opposite
Of what I know
I think we created Wilders by not listening to people.
How exactly is the Middle East the most stable region in the world?
Germany in 1940, and Sweden in 1658
We need to provide them with proper alternatives
Not at all, no
Maybe not for Denmark, but certainly could have been for Greece
**Norway:** The hot (and rich) chick that both Denmark and Sweden wants to date
At first, I thought I was in /r/YUROP.
No clue, we don't have that here
You can't drink it and so on
This is not even counting in the free money I get from the government on the side
we do have rewards for turning in information, to the police, that can lead to the arrest of a few certain people in some situations, but it's rare
It cannot make threats, and by victimizing them you are only making them stronger.
It's the greatest invention that Denmark has ever created.
Frokost (Danish) = lunch
I am not entirely sure kind of scenario you are thinking of where a Danish boy would have foreign medical records.
Yeah, the way you mentioned Charles is how I think of the Churchill episodes - Churchill was obviously the villain politically, and he's portrayed as a stubborn old oaf, but we see him come to the realisation about the >!glimmer in the pond being about his grief for his dead daughter
Otherwise, if you went to the Inauguration chanting down Obama, no one would arrest you, and in fact many people did that.
I'm pretty sure there already are some.
Swedish because it is comedic in a sad way
2020" somewhere
This means you've cultivated a culture where the servers are overly friendly and enthusiastic
Guess which countries have the best democracies
I was just trying to explain why it makes sense to expand renewable energy generation even though you are at a 100 (for electricity) already
So they create power year round, but the excess heat, the hot water used to generate power, is sent around to town/homes and industry/commercial use.
Looks like a wine lovers dream to go here
But why
Exactly the same here
The Swedes have now been put out of their misery, but luckily the elks could be saved, and are all alive and well in a nearby zoo.
I was inches away from him on my bike path
It's also quite common to go to Højskole on your Sabbatår, though some also go later in life
My point is if you are from a low income family and your family has no educational background and have always been carpenters or whatever
When is this picture from
This difference has gotten me into an awkward situation in Norway
Cold
oh well just speak English then
Sincerely a Dane
That chicken and egg problem can only be solved by attacking it from both sides
Thank you so much
I actually feel like I need to confess here.
Depends a lot on your region
It depends on where you sunbathe - on the beach in Jylland (Danish mainland) many sunbathe topless, but I've noticed that in and around Copenhagen, many don't. I suspect it's because of population density, among other things
Moldovans are almost as uncommon on this sub as Belarusians
scientist Benedict Anderson argues in his 1983 book _Imagined Communities_ that nations "[are] imagined because the members of even the smallest nation will never know most of their fellow-members, meet them, or even hear of them, yet in the minds of each lives the image of their communion".
The Danish constitution was established in 1849 and has been changed four times:
Well, held og lykke :)
Even then I knew it was shit
Can I experience the different cultures in a handful of days?
There might be a country that allows this.
Rasmus Paludan
Large parts of Lolland don't even have species common in other parts of Denmark (like foxes and squirrels) because there is so little room for nature, even of the generalist sort
I recently moved back to my hometown Randers (Denmarks 6th biggest city) and here I feel very safe no matter where in town I am
I'm not religious myself, but I don't mind other people having such beliefs, even if I cannot personally relate to them.
Well I hope they find a home where a government cares about them.
Why bother when natives won't let you use it anyway
It's hard to invade the USA because you're surrounded by oceans and allies, not because of Americans themselves.
"få røven på komedie" "get your ass on comedy" it means your in trouble
Do you have any roman ruins near by
So stuff was done, obviously not enough
Are you claiming that there is a difference.
Always knew something was different about Sjælland
I have edited the offensive word.
Never heard about that “joke” before
As a Dane, I was always told that I lived in the poorest part of Denmark - but looking at this map, it is only the area just outside of greater copenhagen that is the poor part of Denmark....
* Medicine
lol They were making home made pizzas for lunch at the work place and some of them had some ham stuff on them and he grabbed a handful of it when we walked past the kitchen.
It became increasingly controversial a few weeks ago when the leader of the social liberal party had to step down because a woman within the party revealed that he had grabbed her thigh 10 years ago
Yeah
At highschool/gymnasium level, I'm pretty sure  cheating will get you expelled without warning
It only exists in that sketch tbf, kamelåså isnt a real word in Danish
On the yard, in the house on the cake, et cetera
But Gøtu should be fairly straight forward for Icelanders, it's basically how Danish is taught and spoken in Iceland
Just curious how people tend to drive on the small or narrower roads where you live
Sailing nuclear submarines in other nations waters, is also a fucking threat.
Hopefully with the economy improving in general, there will be more willingness to cut Greece some slack, and the economy will probably improve along with the rest of EU too.
why are we talking about Greece taking over istanbul when obviously it'd be Russia.
She was elected on very popular promises that she hasn't follow through on with her coalition government.
Two big ass dams
Iceland tho
I don’t know, I don’t really think we have a word for it
They weren't necessarily famous from the drug trade itself as much as for the violence and shooting, which is very rare in our country
Still use it as my main mail
We'll send our navy, once we've bought weapons for it
Some of the processes of building national identities and nationstates that we in the West went through 100-150 years ago are taking place right now
Must have been late 90s, early 2000s when they changed it here in Denmark
It's not a proper piece of chocolate
* The King/Queen must approve the law
So yeah, even if I was a 24 year old broshit; and my mate even moreso, we both still enjoyed the city and the country
They probably used some sort of PPP type of GDP.
Until then, the two were integrally connected
" What was his alternative exactly
Do you remember the election in 2015
I live with my mom :)
&nbsp;
Should it not be, does not pay debt as that is what they want.
Bro think about us northerners
There's a huge difference between a car crashing at 110 and 200
Georgien - Georgia
The peg ensured Danish politicians did not devaluate the currency, but found a different way to regulate money flows
You can come live with us if you want, we're practically cousins
It used to be mandatory when you entered certain sectors that you had to join the corresponding union, but not anymore
I ride my bike to school for about 7km and it's very rare that I'm not on a bike lane
I will post updates along the way
I'm in my mid twenties and we had many as well
At least I'm going to have to think thrice before letting myself become enrolled in somebody's political agenda
German: [Ich verstehe nur Bahnhof]
That's a dangerous question
Ridiculing our Queen and badmouthing our PM is another
But doesn't it border America just as much as Greenland does?
I beg to differ
Or are you saying the leverages Germany would have, are now stuck in the EU?
Swedish because it is comedic in a sad way
Not sure what the period is usually defined as in France, but probably earlier than 1509
PS: It's not every version of capitalism that allows for total commodification of people's health
* Frederik -> Frede
I was in Hong Kong in 25+ degrees and some people were wearing Timberlands and thick coats
Besides that, nad not in museums, I think mainly when I was 18 and we had to go to constriction check.
Moldova, as its own entity, completely disregarding Romanian history, has very little to write home about (literally)
The þ and ð sounds changed a lot over time, but they changed different in all germanic languages
Move to southern Jutland and every single word is just single vowels
The speaker from the Far-Right Danish People's Party, Pia Kjærsgaard, Wanted to display was Enormous, and it did not fit in
The E.U nations who said they're against Turkey joining the E.U have always said 'In its current state'.
It basically sounds like mumbled Danish
However, for example sætte would also be used for yourself, so while in English you'd say "I sit on the chair" and "I'll sit down on the chair", in Danish you'd say "I sidder on the chair" (Jeg sidder på stolen) and "I sætter me on the chair" (Jeg sætter mig på stolen), so there are subtle differences
The Electorate of Saxony has nothing to do with them, expect the name, and the modern-day state (and dialect, Upper Saxon) are located in, and descend from, *that* Saxony, not the one OP was referring to
Wearing shoes inside
Otherwise we'll have to compare cities in Jutland with their German names, Haderslev/Hadersleben etc
They're ideologies like so many other things and should be treated that way.
Danish (native) and enough Norwegian and Swedish to not look like a complete fool up there (although some Swedes may argue than Danes always will).
Granted, you get Syria’s 50% unemployment rate
The politician also decides the rules for the climate, traffic etc
He's basically inviting you into the Balkans, and then...
Anders Primdahl Vistisen (Dansk Folkeparti) (YES/YES)
Take a trip to Berlin, and you will see immigrants /refugees everywhere
Wales didn't become a country until 1056, and by 1282 they were under English rule
No manners whatsoever
They don't want to be stuck in a '2nd rank EU' so its along the lines of the eastern euros.
Moving on to Russian cuisine
Yeah but how rich do you need to be
Got to keep it healthy you know
Sweden,
In Copenhagen, they are installing an artificial ski slope on the newest one, so you obviously can't emit toxic exhaust gas there
I even took at day's tour to see the countryside the first time I was there; saw how clogs are made, their wooden windmills that are still used
Sounds shitty, but where is the pictures of this wall?
A banker looks down on a garbage man, even though the latter is arguably much more important to society
Having been on vacation in germany / austria all their synchronized televsion is a nightmare
If a Britt can weigh in, how likely is it actually that the House of Lords is stripped of their power?
“iT’s jUsT TEmpEraTUrE SWiNgs yOu gUYs, pERfeCtLY nORmaL”
Stops up on her line
Deco drew inspiration from many different styles, including mesoamerican and other traditional tribal styles
Especially considering the location on harbor front amongst older buildings
I don't think there are two clear ones
Lol
I don't think it will be long before we get rid of that as well
Tror du virkelig det er konsekvensfrit, sådan at kaste gylle på mig over internettet
As for "modern" museums, it's probably either Moesgaard (as has been mentioned several times by other posters) or the M/S Maritime Museum in Helsingør (which curiously hasn't been mentioned)
But since casks can be troublesome, given that they have to be managed properly, as once the cask is tapped, the beer inside changes radically in the course of a few days, while a keg can last for a month easily, more breweries have shifted to kegging their beer
Yes
Especially if the bridge will be built
But Fyn has some 'off the beaten path' attractions and some of the "least crowded" beaches and museums
Would've loved to have a score for Britain rather than "native".
I used to order all my pantry shopping from the UK
Wouldn't that help them immensely with all the resources and extra space for farming etc to support their population?
Good
Wars with one another is why we have the EU, wars with one another is something European countries have done with one another forever, consider how relatively little time ago WW2 was, or Balkan wars, or less hot conflicts, Soviet Union, yet all the involved countries are still European.
This is too true, especially the last one
Those that travel a lot get used to Norwegian a bit.
A couple of years ago I was at a Coldplay concert in Copenhagen and the entire standium basically shouted the "danish lyrics" instead of the OG
I wouldn't personally say that I belong to either side, which gives me a neutral ground to observe from
Is estonia working towards this model though?
From Denmark, i'd nominate these:
Definitely not related
It seems like it means different things to different people these days.
No access to single market, but not unfair tariffs either.
Who's cutting onions in here
Jeg synes hollandsk er et dejligt sprog
I wonder how I would feel about it now
Just make something clear:
Acknowledging the liberation on the 5th/6th of May is barely observed anymore, and Constitution Day is also very low-key and more political than an occasion that calls for decorations or special meals
We couldn't see far
Listen, you have the rest of the internet
That they do it in such a horrible, dumb way might be news
Just give us Skåne back and you won't have to worry about it
That plus weather explains the chav holiday no show, but Copenhagen could be a lager lout destination akin to Amsterdam - I guess how expensive everything is works as a very efficient deterrent
As per Italian tradition, really...
i think manymoney meant typical for the german spy agencies.
Eat a carrot
If you learn a second language, part of learning that language means learning their culture and history - f.ex
These gangs are mostly immigrants fighting for territories for the drugs an extortion
Even though Chinese is statistically the most likely considering their population size.
Bernie's M4A includes dental coverage for everyone
"At puste grise"
Opening it, you should see the option to add a user flair
In this context, "slå" doesn't mean "beat", but something along the line of "draw". Like in "slå korsets tegn" - you don't beat the sign of the cross, you draw the sign of the cross
Again fair law but at large unnecessary and made with the explicit purpose of scarring away refugees.
Cocio is great - the only trouble is that it seems to evaporate in a few seconds after you open a bottle
Ahh, Donkey Town, the place I was born
And oh, you lost 10k men and 2 trillion dollars, loss of international good will, all for a strategic loss in the war on terror.
Sometimes I feel like Greece is the Florida of Europe
I think that it's necessary to lower the standard of living a bit, it won't be pretty and the Greeks aren't gonna like it but they have been living beyond their means.
Nothing of it really makes sense
Dunno, not missing for me, but thanks anyhow mate.
AFAICS Europe is mostly doing realpolitik.
Because that should already be banned.
Sadly for me, I was the only exchange student so they always noticed then I wasn't there
But please, do keep on giving us money though
Your shareholders' interest shouldn't be your foremost concern
My favourite was always "i accidentally swallowed a bird - i was yawning and it flew straight in". But there were so many others, some of them not entirely politically correct
Red Cross wanted to help children that was already taken from their families because of bad conditions by sending them to a Danish foster care
How dare you
The pic you sent looks exactly like the setup when I had it
Turkey doesn't have any resources?
They also tend to have nicer curves over there, they're way ahead on that regard.
Been trying to figure out what’s wrong with me for almost 5 years now, and no doctor or specialist can figure out what it is, and it’s keeping me from completing my education/getting a full time job, but I also can’t get government support as I would have to “work” a full time job in order to get any kind of money - which I unfortunately can’t do atm
Somebody, like Facebook, just tried to spin it like that to make it seem bad to most ordinary people
That's gotta be Kim Larsen, a legendary muscician who sadly passed away in 2018
The objective is to either defeat the other guy or defend yourself
Poland get a damned grip
From google: “someone newly educated with a bachelor in software development can except to earn 30
Wait
I feel Denmark and Norway are always at battle when it comes to this
We went to the Asian side for like 3 hours, where we went to a shopping center, and bought some cloths
Why
Seriously it can't be said correctly
Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country, oilprices go down, Russia goes down
I hope it is in the cards, otherwise you'd be giving britain the advantage.
How many times in history has that happened?
You could  literally teleport to your home address and check out your house like google streetview
Would not dare to do that in Copenhagen for sure
It resulted in the constitution of 1849.
I (2nd person plural)
They constantly update and add words to an official dictionary which is required by law to be followed by schools and government institutions
Anyway, I should probably stop posting about this now before I waste my entire weekend away on this depressing topic
Kjeld Kirk Kristensen > Stefan Persson.
Also, thanks for knowing the real reason there
Yes he puts out updates every few month, and it's compatible with the beta patch.
I'm 189m and weigh 90 kg and I'm trying to loose weight at the moment, people have made comments saying I got a bit of stomach
Now that's cheap
The idea was that it was good, because they were poor people from the working class that usually tried to steal from evil corporations and rich bankers who themselves had gotten their money in less than honest ways
You can't be sure that that is how it is to be understood
Repeat to me: "I am not occupied"
Thank you norway for being awesome
Yeah, I've been actively avoiding the newest series
This is spot on with my boyfriend and I. He owns an iphone and is dumb as a door when it comes to tech, while I (F) own an android phone and always has, and is pretty tech savvy
Sounds reasonable
The æ-form is used when you're *doing* something
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
[I'm just gonna leave this here
In Sweden, or Gothenburg at least, it seemed like people didn’t really mind being cramped up together in tight spaces, stores etc
My mom and her boyfriend has an automatic car, and it just feels *off*.
It seems a bit paradoxical
I'm unaware of school systems outside the Italian, German, Danish and UK, but all have around the same amount of compulsory education
Where
It obviously varies with the age of the building, with the price of the building etc
In the year 200 or so, Norwegians from Trøndelag attacked and settled in the area of West-Jutland and Southern-Jutland, and those dialects today are called Sønderjysk and Vestjysk
>(2)Any person who exceeds the limits of lawful self-defence shall not be liable to punishment if his
One between Scotland and Bergen in Norway, over the Shetlands and one between Dover and Calais
Do you really think the Muslims didn't leave an impact on Spain or other countries they "owned" at some point?
Russia can be terribly poor in some locations
We’re much better when it comes to the housing market than most places
The interest rates you can agree with your bank is typically much less than on a credit card.
Fair enough, I’m in Copenhagen and I never hear it
I would probably be able to climb over the fence without much trouble
In a way Isn't it convenient that shrinking population coincides with increasing automatization.
I mean, as a Nordic the cheek kiss is absolutely horrifying
The huge sense of impressiveness and eyes on you almost made me stutter
Although my personal view are that you are very patriotic, proud of your country, excellent educated youth especially in IT and a mixture of latin and slavic language
Your religion shouldn't give you the right to risk the life of a future independent adult with bodily autonomy
It's just that in Danish loan words tend not to change their spelling
It definitely has
If it did then Barcelona could decide to declare independence from Catalonia next Monday, then northern Barcelona could decide to declare independence from southern Barcelona the week after that, then a neighborhood could leave northern Barcelona, then a block of homes could leave the neighborhood etc
The people I know that eat at restaurants the most use them maybe, maaaybe twice or thrice a month
We don’t have them in Denmark
When I was a kid we had Swedish kids shows (based on Astrid Lindgren’s works) that we’re dubbed by either an old dude or lady
10-17 = acceptable
What is going on
I know
On the other hand, you guys need to develop your economy away from tourism, that shits not the same anymore - especially post COVID
In some situations that can be an advantage - if the Swedish economy does poorly, the krona can lose value, making Swedish exports more competitive and helping economic recovery
The D in Ciudad doesn’t at all sound the same as in fløde, but I digress
My door is electronic
But I hope my idea stands through anyways because in a *true* democracy you would vote for stuff like that.
Spain
Svend Tveskæg og Knud den Store.)
Year 985)
Multipla
Danes are very private people
Prices: Either just "10" or "10,-".
The Hansa league was extremely powerful and the Swedish king liked them so the Swedish Nobel's kicked him out - with the Danish they could set the rules (I guess taxing trade).
getting cancer and having all of your limbs sawn off, or getting a mild headache for a day?
We call them "schmieren Brot" (smørrebrød).
We only really have one "true" neighbor so I guess Germany is our favorite *and* least favorite neighbor.
It seems that it actually is for a stretch leading up to the red-painted bit
A true marvel of civilization and society building.
I think I read Ireland's population never recovered
Not the city but part of it; Nørrebro in Copenhagen
If it'll upset people, if it is socially acceptable.
> small trees do almost nothing
We have never used anything else than a pizza cutter
My friends would know they can just grab some of mine, as well as I know I can grab some of theirs - everybody else
I can really relate to the weather.
It was more, why letters like J and V were seen as English, when they are common in most other European languages, especially since O, I, C, A, E, H, etc
I don't know if it's depends on the teacher  as well, but the Stone Age and Bronze Age are also taught in school, primarily focusing on the periods in a Danish context
Want me to tell you how happy I am?
You shouldn't have to ask this question.
Isn't Times of Israel a fairly biased source?
Apple products are for kids and grandmothers
Hi, my name is John, it is a pleasure to meet you
I find the generel removal of freedom far more worrying than the practical issue you propose.
If these people were to ask me to have some of my alcohol at a party, likely I'd say yes because I'm there to be merry and make friends, but I'm not about to offer it up myself, because it's not my jobs to supply the whole party with drinks - everyone supplies for themselves, and then, if you want variety, you can share amongst you as you might wish
Well
Also - Iceland seems to have moved east
Schud de sack
Very happy anniversary
No it's actually about the levels of christianity in Europe.
A quick glance of the front page of the tabloid newspaper eb.dk is a safe source to irrelevant or just plain stupid news:
So we need to get though build walls and keep these people out by all means.
And the Senegalese fans dancing with their team during the warm up
Makes sense, Copenhagen and the rest of Sjælland is referenced as Sweden here
These are the same people who blow their government money on Gucci and Supreme
i've got no idea what is stereotypical for danish people to do
In The Netherlands, there is this city called Sevenum
Norway normally has their shit together
“Klar eller ej, nu kommer jeg
At Forum Romanum bankiers had their benches where they conducted business
Which frog do you guys use
Right up there with beer snobs.
We (Denmark, not Europe as a whole) have actually historically had a somewhat similar system, and I think it is a good system if appropriate safeguards are added.
Ofcourse all of this was a very minor issue for Denmark, as we could easily ignore the Virgin Islands forever, but with larger and more important countries it's a real dilemma if you should admit responsibility
You mean the danish Hans Island
Everyone knows Finland is a made up country, and that places us in first place among all of you
You can wikipedia that pretty easy
I would love a Nordic Union, but i'm not exactly crazy about Sweden being part of it either.
Routine infant  male circumcision does cause pain and   permanent loss of  healthy tissue
You can also say 'dyrke sex' (Practise/perform/exercise)
Even wartime execution powers can be used by a government acting in bad faith to execute dissidents
English teacher saying that a cheetah was called "gepard" in English
Germany has definitely been the main threat throughout Danish history as we share a border with them
Now to my favourites
the problem is Danish women generally start having babies in their mid thirties.
The goal of the project has always been to get Swedes travelling south quicker out of Denmark
I never knew that, how is sounding Danish a business strategy
I think the average age of when you start uni is getting lower, though
It could probably be fixed pretty quickly again once he's out.
per gigabyte of *what*, exactly?
Wind is both cleaner and cheaper as well as much less environmentally invasive than nuclear
I mean we don't even have an expresion like that.
This is bad when you're interested in history ;).
He introduced a new lawcode, and it was promptly burned publicly in Viborg just to spite him
I mean Brexit has already almost cost the UK 47 years of EU payments
Also billar
[So, basically
But it has changed the outer 'spikes' of the virus
Religiously, Orthodoxy has been outside the whole Protestant-Catholic schism, and is itself very interesting
Actually not
Facebook is poison
He was half Danish and half Italian (from Taranto)
finally someone agrees
gotta focus on the smartphone
Ussually when there is fuss in denmark, farmers are clogging the freeways during rush hours and parking them outside the parlament
It is enormously entertaining to read they others comments in the thread, and cool to get an insight in how other people naturally structure their sentences
"fun fact"
"May your ass itch and your arms be too short"
25° - Muspelheim = don't leave the house
Handball and sailing pretty much.
The accident happened bacause the cargo wasn't tied down properly, so it just fell right into the side of the front car
England was invaded by people from Jutland, Saxon and Frisian.
There's no melting pot if you keep all the ingredients separate.
5 billion (62
I have a Rejsekort (literally "travel card", which I hold up against a chip reader when I board or exit a train or bus
Now I know
It comes from the Old Norse *fjórir tigir*
How does this work in big cities like Vienna
In Venice ships had to stay outside the habour for 40 days to protect the city from plague
Bavarian: Nothing
3: People who speak English very well, with a neutral (American-ish) accent, usually higher educated young people, in their 20s.
Congo seriously presses the matter at least
Yeah, "Good for you
You could pile more stuff on top
The meta in this is oh so strong.
The only "positive" thing to happen in recent years in regards to youth smoking, is the rise in prevalence of snus
Of course Turks and Greeks could and do coexist, but the fact of the matter is that the history of the two peoples is one of constant strife and one oppressing the other
Hygge
[This one from Scandinavia and the world comic is good too]
Just like the Faroe Islands
Thank you
Seems to have worked out fine since both of them seem to enjoy getting tipsy, but don't like being roaring drunk
We're not on the lads on tour/hen party/chav holiday circuit, so the British tourists here are some of the most well-behaved
I then found out that he knew multiple of my friends, and even went to a school nearby
* " Saml appetit ude, spis hjemme" (look at others, but eat your wife/husband) - you are welcome to be horny for others, but only fuck your wife/husband
Why are people who don't love her automatically "scared" of her
You are forgetting our "Sky mountain" ([picture] It has recently been climbed by a Norwegian who wrote a book about it ([link]
You dont have enough seats
In 2017 it was the 100 year anniversary for the sale of the US Virgin Islands
Zealand - Rich assholes
I got into a bit of a heated discussion about this with my mother once
The loss of historical territory has started many wars, to mention the last World War.
st grade onwards and no tv or film is ever dubbed over in Denmark unless it's aimed for 5 year olds or younger
I'll take the liberty to split you your comment to hopefully give some insight in the right context
A very slow r/darwinaward
Sure, there will be the hardcore fans, and then there will be all the rest using him as a meme, to provoke or make a point.
99% of East Europeans on here do that.
It implements a system of agricultural subsidies and other programmes.
America is very preachy and adversarial, in regards to religion, all the Atheists i have met from the States are very anti church, to the point of being almost hatefull which i just don't get
I think [this] is the set I played with
But you are still our cousin
Maybe Lupin was translated so not to confuse it with the flower called Lupin
I think that's generally the case for Scandinavia
Hygge, it can’t be translated directly but it means something along the lines of having a good time
Then they'll likely wait until the kid is done at uni and then he/she can move out
It was just as much the British, Russia, France, Serbia and Austria-Hungary
That is what the subject is about.
As such, I think Deco was just the latest in a line of opulent styles of construction, which was what modernism rebelled against
So we're stuck with either calling them confused "fake" socialists - or to acknowledge that the term socialist doesn't have the same meaning today as it did 50 years ago
Aldi has lost about 50 million € the last couple of years in Denmark.
This is pretty funny
On a great host of issues, [left-wingers are much more intolerant than right-wingers] They are far more likely to block people for posting things they disagree with, far less willing to have conservative friends than vice versa, more likely to be upset if their child married a conservative, etc, etc
Most Finnish songs from before 1999, got underrated because the juries could not understand what was being sung
(Mørke means Darkness)
Not my experience in Copenhagen, S.
1: I can't speak for Norway or Sweden, but in Denmark you start your English education fairly early on
" All right, but apart from the sanitation, the medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, a fresh water system, and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us
I really don't mind being poked fun of, but that seems to be 50% of the teasing coming from Norway and Sweden, and it's long since gotten stale
If everyone in Crimea is so happy to be back, let's have another referendum.
I was okay and "functioning" again by evening
WHY DOES IT SKIRT AROUND DENMARK
I think you mean "deliberately" use peat
Denmark, however, has no history with Greenland prior to owning it
(Btw the same scissors with an orange plastic handle is also very prevalent in Denmark
Always in English
Looking at the grammar used when American teens text each other, i'd go as far as to say that a lot of European countries probably have a better grasp of English grammar than Americans do
But they associated the flag with drawings or am i being stupid
Soon it'll be quiet
there's a lot of words americans use, that a britsh person wouldn't, and vice versa
The reason it is discriminating against women is that it assumes that women can't get the job unless they seriously handicap men
But since I have started using reusable bags, I now have to buy rolls of garbage bags
And when people read a report of an ethnic cleaning they go, "meh
In Turkey it is both, religion and autocracy.
Dammit, comrade, we have the most cupcake cafes and the best cupcake cafes
The only solution I see is to lower the standard of living and making the economy more competitive.
But now being extended to data protection
The only reason Post Denmark didn't go bankrupt bankrupt was probably because it couldn't be allowed to stop functioning
Depending on the type of text anywhere from 10-30 (in certain cases even 45)% of the words will be from German origin
That's not to say that there aren't plenty of nice Copenhagians
My grandfather, being a mouthy-sort-of guy, complained saying that was "disgusting" and "now he couldn't eat it", which earned him a beating-up and having to stand against the wall with a gun pointed at the back of his head
Outside of Albania you only hear the colourful romanticised story about Zog
the cause is said to be a meteorite
In the Netherlands, I'm sure there are district heating systems associated with coal plants
I've noticed a lot of people running around exercising
It's actually in the same periode, you can trace the first Danish parliament or *ting* back to, so the Danes went from a tribe to a people (of more more tribes) with a nation long before year 950
The same could be said of female circumcision yet we still made that illegal
Even then, of all the cardinal directions, north is definitely the one Germany has pursued the least
At least for Danes and Norwegians, some Swedish people will have to weigh in on it, if they understand it better than they understand Norwegian
That being said, you of course pay for the privilege of eating at Nyhavn mostly, so if you are willing to do that, fair enough
I think Japan considers their monarchy to be older
The Americans down south that think we're all a bunch of immigrant loving gender studies fairies
And a Lot of us thinks Brexit is a good idea
Then it makes sense
I can think of several countries who would love to do so, to which I say: *rend og hop*
I think the word "atheist" (ateist) can be a bit loaded, though, because many people think it means "antitheist". Because of that, whenever the topic of religious affiliations come up (for example when I have to tell people why I'm not confirmed), I often find it easier to just call myself a "nonbeliever" (ikke troende)
In what universe is Asian a race
12th largest country in the world
Denmark is higher than Sweden
There aren’t any big cities, at least not by European standards other than Copenhagen
You can check the more recent versions, i have made a LOT of progress
Almost everybody loved English, because everybody found it easy and sometimes you watched cool movies, while German/French was everyone’s hate subject
It's like it was designed by Nigel Farage and Marine Le Pen to discourage support for the EU.
Ah thank you, it is actually the same here in Denmark too, I just got it mixed up
I think Japan considers their monarchy to be older
> By that logic, Russia, Czechia, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Romania, Poland and a few other countries are also practically german
There are no negative outcomes when properly investing and it is a great way to raise one's wealth even further, on top of that it is idiotically simple to do and more people really should get into it
The Kingdom of Denmark is the second largest European country
According to every single article I've been able to find, membership numbers are going up, though not by much
tons of support and more focus on actual learning rather than memorising
Australian College of Paediatrics:
LEGO and Legoland
Flink (Swedish) = skilled
Denmark is just gone
The grey seal is of course even bigger, we don't usually count that as a land predator
If being "oppressed minority" gives you some sort of benefit at a certain point in time, they're suddenly all *very* foreign etc.
Small villages in siberia sometimes look like they’re 3rd world
Also I think you meant dredge, not drain
I check in on the rest of the Nordics from time to time, but don’t really go that much into depth there - Sweden, Norway, Finland, Iceland, Schleswig-Holstein
That being said, Hvidovre - due to it not being a very desired place to live - is a bit less expensive than Copenhagen
Also they're called "sutter" (pacifiers or suckers) and they are all handed an inconvienient amount of necklaces with [this candy] on it
You got to respect that
No, if you believe Europe's governments want to replace their populations with African and Middle Eastern migrants you're either a conspiracy theorists or very uninformed.
I see a lot of danish traditions being switched out with american ones and it actually makes me kinda sad because I know it’s also a thing in other countries as well
Did he die while I was not on the internet?
We're the least perceptibly corrupt country in the world
Pretty impressive for being a so small country, I'm kinda proud
I would say Corfitz Ulfeldt
All in all, I do not agree with you
sorry about all those stupid Danish teenagers going there to party and make a mess
> spam
I'm pretty sure they had the room for it
This is going to set the proceedings for other cases
I don't think you should worry about it being better for couples.
Var det det
It would be great for them
>The only state I know of getting around this rule even though they are eligible for the currency is Denmark
That's a rather recent bruh
Netherlands second and Sweden third
I'm not sure because that's literally insane, but I can't see what else you'd be trying to argue by posting that as a response
I dropped out of secondary education before highschool,
In Denmark, we translate Jack to Knægt and Queen to Dame
That people can show that kind of disrespect baffles me
I think it's more the "connection" than the search for information that seems weird.
Also when their last names ends with “son” as opposed to “sen” is also a bit of a giveaway
In the larger cities where bikes are everywhere, it makes sense you'd have such a signal
I assume its about the young Danes going to Prague, getting drunk, being loud and obnoxious and generally just causing problems.
My biggest advice to east and central Europe is to say no to migrants from MENA.
Of course a steel worker and steel factory owners want protectionism.
* Opossum = pungrotte ("pouch rat")
Danes, Norwegians or whatever don't wanna have to walk on eggshells around their friends because one of them is completely different, doesn't share much of anything with them, is offended by their humor, their drinking etc
I answered Copenhagen because they're so close to Sweden
Denmark: When at home on my own as a student - frozen meals and coffee from the bakery down the street
Compared to what you're used to, the winters here shouldn't pose any challenges.
The general trends in American and British music, like disco, reaggae, new wave etc also influenced Danish music
(But honestly, the latter scenario happens  once every 100 years here)
To me learning to ride a bike is like learning to tie you're shoes
I've heard of problems with the Norwegian Rema 1000, and it's funny that it's the complete oposite in Denmark
Every country that has put in a minimum wage has working poor
Get naked you beautiful beasts
I'd be pretty interested in checking them out
Because mainstream politicians refuse to acknowledge the complaints and concerns of a vast portion of the population.
When they all shifted to Russian, that led to a much more homogeneous linguistic situation
If you don't then you can be fined, and you are more likely to lose your court case, as you aren't present to defend yourself
Even as a kid, I couldn't stand it
The American private use of the flag feels very political/patriotic and not simply because it's *hyggeligt*.
And even quite silly and shitty, too (imo)
(Lupinus luteus)
That's a whole big can of worms
It's wild
It's basically like the ladies room: a bunch of separate stalls or cubicles with a toilet in each, and then a shared area with sinks for washing your hands.
The article lacks some details.
Edit:
Inland: fertilizer mixed with fresh air
I don't even know the last names of most of my teachers
The reason for this, is that snus is insanely popular not only in Sweden, but Denmark and Norway too
Or at least people that don’t regret their decisions
Source:
Aesthetically pleasing, sure, but those seats that can only fit 1,5 person are a strange design
Traveling by train
In Demark foreigners are apparently taught to say "goddag, hvordan har du det
Can you define the terms a bit?
We did slave trade long ago
m² fieldfilled with soap foam, nw that was fun
> Im pretty sure a lot of gun shot wounds gets unreported
000 = 1 trillion/billion
If I could redo this trip I would probably visit more islands.
Would be nice to know however, especially since it has a different color than Sweden and Germany
So weird seeing the old 1st, 2nd and 3rd world split being re-purposed.
That literally means "not without", as in the sense of "nothing beyond (that)", e.g. *only*.
This is EU's stand, we will make Brexit as difficult as it should be, we wont make it harder nor easier than it should be
It basically means that if the company attempts or has the appearance of selling to EU citizens, then they need to be compliant with the GDPR
Looks like the term "civilian" doesn't have a clear definition, but depends on the circumstances.
They are actually closer to Old Danish than our current modern variant, so if anything, they would be able to claim to be Danish
How do you define a "rogue parliament going against the wishes of the people", when same parliament is elected by the people.
Yes, Ludovici Orban is a different guy
The constitution was implemented on the Faroe Islands (1850) and Greenland (1953), before they got home rule
Not like I've seen it 50 times on this site
Just if the person is hot or not
Still 10x better than the Americans.
I actually don’t know if it’s required by law, but in Denmark, 95% of people I meet had cooking class in school
In modern danish the direct translation would be 'soul land'.
Kofoed and Anker (last names) are super common on Bornholm
Youth binge drinking is clearly here to stay forever, but casual beer drinking among adults is much different than even in the 90s, there's less of it publicly, it's gone from the workplace, and the middle and upper classes have largely moved to wine
I've only heard that they colour a river green in a city in the US
In general most of course just say WC or toilet
From looking at this thread it is obvious
A Danish poet wrote that the year has 15 months
Other than that, we get up early to see the sun rising and go to bed early as well
Anatolia has historically been the place that got rolled over, whenever the balance of power shifted within a 400 km radius
* Christina Hoff Sommers (An egalitarian, who is critical of contemporary western feminism
u/Sir_Maukalot did you finish it
No, to be serious, there is actually a lot of lacking knowledge of this period, mainly whether we originated on Zealand or Scania, but regardless, we ekicked out the Herulians, who for some reason became kings in Lombardy
They don’t sound foreign, but at the same time they do
How exactly does this work
Examples:
This might be a chocker mate, but Brexit hasn't even started yet...
Henry = Henrik
We have a lot of work to do, but I do have a fear the commitment is gonna waive once this is further away, and we have to talk about our personal list of priorities.
Given how the government have announced how we will need to up the spending on our military budget in order to comply with what we have promised our NATO allies this seems like a step in that direction.
Aarhus just got a tram line which was also several years late
Before that, the last war we were in was the the Korean War, and we only had medical personal in that one.
Either way, I hope we won't reach that
What I mean is, Germany in German is called Deutschland, but yet in English it's the Dutch (from The Netherlands) who speaks Dutch, while the Germans from Germany speaks German.
Do you also go to a concert and criticise the orchestra for playing more complex music, than what most people know how to play or compose
I just think it's dumb that both sides aren't forced to learn both languages, I mean what sense does it make to share a country if you have to speak a third language (English) to even communicate.
Barbie Girl by Aqua probably
It's not the western immigrants that pose a problem
I’m a bit sad they don’t like our beer
On several occasions they had to stop the digging for the metro because they stumbled upon new artificats
"Lære" (to teach) and "lærer" (teaches) is pronounced almost the same
"You *did* hear about the prime minister
Therefore the EU will try to make a Norway out of the UK or simply make the UK be an example of what happens when a nation exits the common market without a plan.
Are there no domestic movie making about Ireland at all
The bottom line is there is going to be 150 billion missing on the 1 trillion budget of the public sector in Denmark.
[source]
Oh, well
It all depends on how the rest of the country behaves, whether it has an influence on future relationships
I don't mind European cultures in my country.
Speciallægepraksisetableringsperiode  don't make me translate that
Seconded
I completely agree
Bulgarien - Bulgaria
they also earn less money than us, on avg
They have a concert in Copenhagen on tuesday, but they had to change avenue and suddenly it was sold out.
Norway and Denmark has a combined population of 10.8 million people.
I’ve never heard about it, what is it about
And thats exactly why you can’t have nice things, like french Canada
Yeah and that's why you can't come to Denmark you goofy people ;)
You’re right
I think my favorite German movie is Die Welle
If you talk "folkeskole", which is before high school (age 5-15/16) and high school, it's gotta be Herlufsholm, which is a private school combined with a boarding school
You can't really use the Roman empire as a standard for what is Europe and what isn't. That would create problems as for instance Denmark wouldn't be Europe, but Tunis would
"Danmark er det sydligste skandinaviske land
Hence knowledge about religion is important
Gang problems
I used to live in Stavtrup until recently, funnily enough
“Islam isn’t compatible with with European values” there I fixed it for you, sincerely an eurofederalist
People touting that this is the year we repeat EC 1992, and then when it fails, everyone goes: "well, of course
This is fantastic
The lake where he took the dirt from is now where the Vänern is today
Top of /r/europe
Doesn't surprise me it's (mostly) foreign though
This has nothing to do with propaganda
Hahah, thats true, some people I know both smoke and take snus
>	How did they managed that
Ab Fab has a pretty funny scene though, of [the main character thinking she is speaking Danish, while speaking to an actual Dane
It might be just another country to invade for the US, but for Syrians, it's their home.
Maybe I should run for office
To allow Putin to assassinate him, in order not to offend Putin
But why is he drowning flats
Edit: Not only on top
Also, lovely building
Oh wow, I think I read this headline last week as well
* Snave (Tongue kissing)
You're all very welcome
Its about taking less money from the people.
They're still around
Why is Germany separate from EU
It’s put together from bits and pieces (depending on the version) and written in a very old prose hundreds of years ago
Han refererer til Nordic countries
Let's not continue turning the proxy war meatgrinder.
If you have a shit, and compares it to a smellier shit, you still just have a shit you know
A short overview is as follows:
Same reason why circumcision is still legal in denmark despite everyone being against it.
The Russian GDP is smaller than the Nordic nations.
Drink yourself into armageddon, wake up two days later, regret everything and never drink again
If you speak of them as though they are outside society and they pose a risk, to real society you are also cutting off any power you may have had to influence them through inclusion.
Thanks, changed the number but not the difference
The Union can stand no longer we shall split into two entities, the ones who like pineapple and the **Scum
Maybe I’ve read bad news sources, but didn’t his party win the plurality of the vote
> Det fortælles, at Fanøs repræsentant, Sonnich Jensen Møller, bestak en tjener til at dreje viserne på uret i rådstuen en time frem
It’s abundantly clear from statistics that migrants from some countries do really well, and from other countries, really badly
Purely on physical features is hard since they are partly formed by language and culture.
older siblings when they didn’t want me nor my sister to know what they said
If cold sweater+big jacket and scarf.
They are quite possibly the nicest people
We also have a donut day
Danish prime minister breaks down laughing in government, while talking about buying circus elephants - one in particular, and her best friend
A toaster like [this] doesn't seem to be very popular outside Denmark
pretty sure its sort of hard to determine who boiled an onion first.
So this is all just to get Casus belli?
That sounds exactly like something a bad guy with an awful language would say
It's a fantastic show, one of the best teen shows i've ever seen.
And then there is "byen" which is a specific town, but can also mean that you are going out drinking (Skal vi I byen i aften
These people are particularly dangerous for me from how you describe them but even more because they seem to provide an excuse to the far right to do what they do best.
Let's not kid ourselves, the handling of the Corona virus is one factor
>Harald Fairhair
How do Basque individuals see ETA today?
they probably had no idea about any of it.
Those who can't work due to physical illness don't need to though
Week 6 is national sex ed week, so children have sex Ed during that week all through school (0-9 grade) until high school
Almost all dairy products
But then again, it's run by a Frenchman, so it's not something that's very common here
Reminds me of the Penguins from Madagascar: "just smile and wave boys, smile and wave"
I mean the EU could boycott the world cup
they mentioned the jet the indian guy flew with and i googled it
Lars Tyndskids Mark - Lars Diarrhea’s field
I'm a teacher in Danish as a foreign language for expats, and I have students who are extremely good at Danish, and can basically have full on conversations lasting hours, yet have an accent so Danes will simply reply to them in English no matter what
Definitely
Religion is completely irrelevant here.
How to pronounce onsdag (Wednesday)
Or at least make it loose their license.
In Denmark you can legally get a part time job at 13
I also think cards (and I use Apple Pay exclusively now) is more secure
Filtereddit is a feature of the Reddit Enhancement Suite
They are not ubiquitous
Its known as the most racist part
Haha, my little town in north jutland has cobblestones all over
Aftalen skal endvidere indgås med samtykke fra Folketinget
Someone just paid $30,000 for his "death
She has always had male friends
I've never seen any child drink from a faucet while touching with their mouth.
If you mean far away, but still in the country, older people will use "where the crows turn". Or my favourite, "where the world is extended with planks".
> "Even the Danes don't understand Danish"
And personally I do participate in the political process (as in voting, I certainly won't waste my time for town hall proceedings) right now, but if one tried to force me to do so, I would fight as a matter of principle to have my liberty to don't give a shit about it if I want back.
We don't talk about this movie
TIL that Danes and Swedes can actually work together ;)
Denmark used to be covered in trees as well
I earn enough money not to care
And in my expirence it's like that with all the town rivalries
Corpsecar is how it's called in many countries that use compound words.
The same kind of prejudice that leads Copenhageners to discount all of Jutland and its people because of it being "the countryside".
Most of the tanks, planes and guns that the Soviets were using to defeat the Germans were manufactured and provided by the United States.
Again, don't know if other countries have that as well
So, to sum up, that stupid kid was cycling down a dark driveway, wearing dark clothes, was listening to music, spending more energy on reading what was on his phone than watching the road and had no lights on
He lost the leg but went back and witnessed the reunification of southern jylland following the war
However this is our worldview and our mentality on healthcare
My local pizza place is run by some really nice younger guys and when they hand me my order they always say: "værsgo Hr
I’ve literally never heard that
It does actually hold me back at times because I think sounds so bad
In a lot of other countries (most?) the entrant is chosen by popular vote.
Are they cows
I would hate to give them the chance to cut my head off in one of their sick propaganda videos.
I was just imagining getting refused service because I wasn't wearing enough smart casual attire.
That's just a Jutland thing, I think
I haven't seen it myself, but I think it is pretty famous here in Denmark as well because of the designer
I like that you are in a pub right now, cheers mate.
And in december the darkness is countered by warm lights and social coziness (hygge)
They could of been Chechnyas and i still wouldn't like them because of their religion.
Its called a "trucker shower" in Denmark :D
I’m keeping this English for the sake of the subreddit, but don’t you go insulting Lanciers on my watch
Apparently, there's an important rule that I never knew until recently
I agree that Estonia is probably pretty good yes
This is surely not the worst thing to happen in the history of Denmark, but the fact that it happened in the 50's shortly after the atrocities of WW2 makes me look at it a pretty horrible thing
And within our current economical status-quo, the current materialist conditions, aka the economical base(Hence why we talk about base and superstructure), we see that the liberal ideology prevails(in various forms, that is granted, noone in their right mind would argue that the form it takes in Germany is the same as the form it takes in Peru, yet both are, in the broad sense of the word, liberal)
When there are 2,7 million workers in Denmark, and 2,2 of those are member of a union, then there's no doubt that being a member is the most common
Always funny to me how much they clearly moved the goalposts on that one
No one seems to trust banks, which, given Germany's history, *kind* of makes sense
Sønderjylland - incest, Alabama-ish
Dont worry Finland
I only ever use the Danish Wikipedia if the subject is Danish
It does not exist yet, so it makes no sense when you start asking such questions.
(Folketing is the Danish name for our parliament)
Last summer I was on vacation with my Norwegian gf and her family
If I don't like it, I buy another
The only weird numbers are 50, 60, 70, 80 and 90 and they’re just part of the vocabulary
New government supported by the Danish People Party (Dansk Folkeparti).
Standard German is an mixture of Alemannic (or High German) dialects
Does it cover small words also, like prepositions and pronouns
We Danes are also more or less forced to move to Copenhagen
[It seems swedes have a history of outsourcing their military ;)]
The latter seems to be a general tendency in friend groups (and to a somewhat slighter degree in families) - either everyone smokes or no-one smokes
We do use them regularly
But we’ve been vaccinating with modern a for a while now so clearly there’s no reason for us to complain about US hoarding it
Let's say there are two peoples, A and B. They differ on core conceptions of ethics and religion, and practice different ways of life
So it says “[name of paper] bestows new honor on Donald Trump: Elephant of the glass store”
" question must be one of worst ones
Personally i'd like city's or towns that aren't country capitals like, München, Bergen, ~~Edinburgh,~~ Marseille, Salzburg, Gibraltar, Florence etc
Hydro was built because it was a nobrainer cheap source and now Norwegians can virtue signal about how green they are without having invested like the rest of us
This is misleading
I cannot fathom that it actually happened
Towards who
meanwhile all other danish supermarkets have a lot of the same stuff, which makes it easy
But, we usually eat fairly healthy breakfasts like oats or yogurt, maybe open faced sandwiches
And also please don't wear any headphones, not hearing anything can really distract you
This seems to include all employee benefits as well as regular pay.
It also doesn't have any ghettos and has one of the highest engagement from citizens in their local government
Well, what is the girl was a non-Dane?
The whole [island of Fyn] is more or less ignored by many tourists
Christmas rice porridge
Rejsekort (travel card) or by mobile, i usually use the mobile
But not anything else, i dont reckon
Either by first name, or nickname if the professor wants it.
Some are making fun of Funen for just being a highway connecting Jutland and Zealand
More than ready to work in a slaughterhouse.
Idk, he's not *that* popular, bug he's up there
There are still laws, there are still owners of land etc
" is the positive form to which you'd reply "Ja" or "Nej", i.e."yes" or "no". This is the only form still in use in English
> too hard
” which means “may I pay
No, because it would destroy the EU.
can confirm that we do indeed slip out of our clogs / put them away when we die
The DDR was ostensibly communist as all the Eastern bloc countries were
Depends - I know plenty of areas in Copenhagen that's basically half the price of Nyhavn with higher quality of food and service, but if you eat near Strøget, Kongen Nytorv (though there are some cheaper places near KN), Tivoli and similar, you eat in the places tourist do, so it's more expensive
The idea that every local group and nation *must* have their own independent state is just plain silly
What does it actually mean
They don’t sound foreign, but at the same time they do
Isn't that the whole point with our multi-party system, that any government has to compromise with parties on both sides, to best represent the entire population
" And I was like "Oh yeah, like '(ein)mal' in German, got ya
Jagten (the hunt) (2012)
Ottomans were multi-cultural and multi-religional
No - not all - but guess who can burrow a lot of money.
It may be the best idea we're ever going to see though so we'd better hope they're well made and will last for a long time
The arrival of the Railway, and the establishment of the radio factory
Obviously, it depends on the person's voice, manner of speaking, etc
they represent joy and celebration, as well as symbolising a shared culture, language, and history
I really love Turkey, Turkish music and Turkish history, but I haven't talked to a non immigrant about the current views in Turkey
So it takes a lot to make a real danish friend
And it has also taken the life of a diver, who went in under the darkness of the night in 1965, only to never emerge (only his diving goggles were ever found):
Also Danish being a V2 language while English is SVO made it a bit difficult to remember the correct word order sometimes in the beginning.
The only sign ive seen that me slightly nervous was when driving next to a military area where artillery and tanks train
We are abit dumb, don't tell the others
Not to be rude but what's the relevance
In my hometown Randers, we only really have two tourist places
Technically part of it, but really?
Banning religion is neither secular nor scientific.
Forging official documents is a serious offence that *will* result in a fine and a wait in jail while your true identity get confirmed with your embassy (who will most likely check with your state), and could ultimately get you expelled from the country with a black mark on your record that could make it very difficult to enter Europe legally again in the future.
As a Dane, I've always thought Dutch sounded like a weird mix of Danish, German, and English, which I personally really like the sound of
They're mediocre - German, French and British armies are made only to perfectly protect these countries.
I think most Danes use "we" about as far back as the dawn of the viking age and just before, when the Danes were first mentioned.
The Dutch territories are a special case, because the Dutch constitution is not supreme to the charter granting the territories their rights
I was gonna comment that it seems like a rather small town to have a wall around it
And before that with ZPI insulin, meaning the actual inventions that allowed insulin to have a longer lasting effect, essentially their invention made insulin a viable treatment, where it previously was just a thing
tak - singular
My SO was actually talking (like 2 weeks ago) about wanting to see Ireland
Luckily I've been able to move into the city centre now
I found out the first who officially used the salute was the italiens in 1920 when the facist party came to power
It hurts Russia's economy, but it doesn't change how Russians feel about politics.
I completely disagree
krak
[The Central Bank] is famous for being loved or hated
Can we have a moratorium on the "Clinton is just as bad as Trump" bullshit now, please?
Can we start doing Demons of State for different countries, like we did lofi girls some time ago
Because, regrettably, in danish your country is just called Holland.
Other than by screaming and running over each other with autocampers
Sydafrika - South Africa
Becaus it legitimizes mass migration and make it permanent.
oh boi
Couple that with a lot of ignorance on how the rural areas actually are, as many people from the capitol never go to the area of Denmark that's considered "rural", and you get an awful mix of a large group people actually believing the stereotypes and the rest helping upkeep it by constantly joking about it
What TV series or movie has the most neutral view of the war
I thought they were trying to speak Norwegian or something
It's sorta like a  hot dog cart you see in new york and such
One thing I’ve noticed in Sweden was the lack of a curb/level difference between cycle path and pavement
The form of government shall be that of a constitutional monarchy
I'm not an expert on flag burning, but as far as I know, yes, it's only our own flag we're allowed to burn.
amazing argument
I want to try Live Oak at some point, I've heard it's great too
We were a weird bunch of people who all met through couchsurfing
I read through the story you linked, and couldn't really find anything related to your statement
How's the EU aid coming along
As in months
1915
Also it's not necessarily the THC that has he medicinal effect, but some other non-intoxicating compound
They’re reserved for December only
Det er allerede blevet aftalt at folketingets godkendelse er en formalitet
We're losing a part of our history and a part of French and European culture and symbolism
**Northern Zealand:** Rich snobs
According to bookmakers Le Pen has 20% chance of winning, Macron 70%, and Fillon 10%.
A very flat country
During the week it may be earlier, like 2 am, but Friday and Saturday night opening hours are usually 11 pm - 5 am for clubs
His crime was not dying of the poison and spending time in a hospital
" It's fucking childish
This is gold
Except the Danes who probably just copied the Dutch.
It's supposed to be a place you can kick back and work on your cabin projects so you don't have to stay at home and work on your house projects
Rome is why Etruscan doesn't exist anymore, why Roman is the only remaining Italic language
Ethnicity isn't the main giveaway
I was misremembering it
Now I'm gonna go out for a smøg.
I would say it is the loss In the Second Schleswig war, loosing a lot of the best land to Prussiaz
i dont think an individual can do much
Sure, assuming you know the origin of it.
Marmelade or creme in a spandauer/ carnival bun
Will it take 120 years to decide on said stadium or do you think it will be more or less expedient?
Lol
Stop being a bootlicker dude
I've had to explain to someone from Copenhagen that;
I presume that it is Russian minorities.
Well, there is a difference between loss of territory 70 years ago and 8 years ago.
You need to take time off for a holiday buddy
Sweden, Norway, Germany, England/Great Britain, then probably Iceland
That's almost the Danish winter
My parents switched to English when they were arguing before I could understand it
Yeah we don’t really care about Norway
Well I studied a non-typical foreign language - and hung out as much as possible with people/students from that country.
) was taught to us in the UK, the Luther reformation was mentioned because the teacher made the connection because I and the German girl was in the class (and the rest of the class assumed this Martin Luther was Martin Luther King, so we ended up spending some time on it)
We got two cities fairly close to one another called Tarm and Lem
Yes safiebinecasanufiera, I did read the article.
Also, our liquor is cheaper than in Sweden, so they get quite a bit drunk when they are here.
Well, most Europeans traveled a lot before as well.
At 18 you are old enough to take your own decisions.
Time will tell
The little Mermaid statue
we are only 5million people so our vote will almost always not matter.
But then again: It doesn't really matter where they are from.
They are not used that much in Scandinavia either
Tomorrow should be cloudy
> Bleeding is very dangerous and its not that hard to cut a major blood vessel with a long slash
1, indledes der forhandlinger mellem regeringen og Naalakkersuisut med henblik på gennemførelse af selvstændighed for Grønland
EU and the American houses have the same voting system.
It is terribly afflicted with the most vile of people, the swedes.
It is used around Christmas as "julegodter" = Christmas candy / cookies
" In Danish and pointing at the rear of the woman in front of them
Randers is a good example in Denmark
although in some trains smaller trains they don't make sense, as there's no door or whatever in btween
totally, when me a danish person speaks english with a french guy its becuse we where colonised
Most male top politicians in Denmark also use that uniform
Sure, she's not Putin or Xi Jinping, but still, compared to what we are used to, it's not normal to have a prime minister, who doesn't take the parliament into council, or who has an unelected special advisor, who has access to political work groups, without being accountable to the electorate
Here it varies a lot I think - it is not required by law, but depends on the company, school and union you are affiliated with
Oooh, that looks good
We learned a lot about how we mistreated  them
> ...so every conclusion that involves race, is automatically wrong
But they absorb the gløgg, and swell up and become little morsels of sweet happiness
English is considered common and i have yet to see an adult, who cannot speak English, tho i have noticed a trend of older people speaking with a very British English accent, and younger people leaning more to American, wich is probably due to more exposure to American through the internet, German or French is a 50/50
In Denmark, for example, it is a law requirement to always have car lights on
None of them want a worse welfare state
We learn mostly about the Ironage people (don't really have a name), the Vikings, and then the people in the medieval age
Supposed to go there in Easter but had to postpone it to October
I'm guessing the first three words are 'butter, bread and' and out of context, I would say the last one is 'cheese'.
In my view, emancipation of the labouring class, and the personal freedom that modern liberalism promotes go hand in hand
Swedish is different but still easy enough to understand
Was mostly a sarcastic comment, basic infrastructure won't be allowed to fail
Yes I have internet
be careful
They now haunt this bridge and will pull people into it to get revenge on Danes
[Suspekt - Kinky Fætter]
Absolutly not Denmark
It's called Danish Pastry for a reason.
Quality varies greatly - I remember one year it was really great, but then the budget was cut
Heating with oil has been one of the most common but other methods like air pumps, air to water pumps and geothermal heating are getting more and more common
Is a walk in nature free
> I mean, the UK is fundamentally a socialist state so not much would change
It's widely considered that a somewhat big part of its users are objectively problematic at varying degrees (racism, bigotry, sexism, elitism or just general assholishness)
Well according to MyHerritage, I got 12% West Asian DNA so maybe, who knows ? But I’m pretty sure about that I’m an white a** European lol
Now hang on where does the sewer come in XD
Direct threats should not be allowed, no.
Maybe, though I can't imagine that would be much of an issue with kids
Daytrips are a great way to explore other cities than a capital, but to truly get the most out of any city you have to stay in it more than 1 day, sometimes you just don't have time to do that.
I'm really interested in knowing what your examples are
You water the cows so you get the milk...
Politicians (some) will engage in minor conflicts and we are too convinced that our way of life is superior
You can hygge with cup noodles in your small messy student apartment, the fuck
You have to run in front of a car with a flag, to Warn people of it coming
We do that too
If you buy a new defective item you have the right to expect a new item as replacement.
The police in Denmark have been using mobile antenna data for years in court cases, to tell wether a person was located near a crime scene, as part of evidence
Oi looky here mate
And good riddance
He is also grumpy about not being part of the big decisions taken by the board
With UK leaving EU it's a very tense situation in Europe
The soviets lefts Bornholm a year after our liberation.
Or: "were you born in an S-train
Just googled Zagreb Cathedral, why are 90% of the pictures with a scaffolding on the right side
* Tørskind (Litterally translates to "Dryskin")
It seems like you need minimum a 8-10 million population to make yourself heard in Europe so to speak
To expand on this: Every Friday u/CalmYourDrosophila posts a drawing of a human-like [Kaj] The image is filled with clues that references what has been hot(ish) topics on r/Denmark during the week
It is, as Frikoz said, a matter of exposure, and since all of these dialects are quite similar to each other, an increased amount of exposure to any one of them will make invariably it easier to understand that one than those you've rarely heard, even if they are slightly more closely related to your own.
Hahahah, hillarious
> Also, idk if a fact, but imo the soil down south is richer in minerals and makes for tastier fruits and vegies
The regional differences between two US states as far apart as Norway and Italy are essentially equivalent to two neighbouring shires in the UK
Well, that's more to do with old limitations and traditions
We've only had the one we use so
What’s the most impressive piece of architecture in your country
It's merely his own bias showing through that he believes such a simplistic smear against his political opponents is accurate
If 'rolig' is 'funny' it would seem like 'orolig' should mean 'not funny'.
As a foreigner, it will be nice to return to some kind of normalcy
Most places make a toy witch to burn on the fire, to make a replication of the witch-burnings in the middle ages
The simple thing would be Hungary kicking out themselves
Thanks, I'll be sure to follow the news!
Things needed to be able to survive the winters, periods with a lot of rain, little sunlight etc
So it very much depends on whether or not you live in Copenhagen (and surrounding areas) or another one of the big(ger) Danish cities
Which country is this
They don't like her so voted not to give her the privilege of citizenship I can't see the issue.
Try doing a search on Interpol's website for European countries if you want to see why people jump to conclusions.
You do realise that Denmark has an incredibly high share of renewable, and it was done in the span of only a couple of decades from nearly nothing to 70%.
I was really pleasantly surprised by Czech "Svíčková na smetaně". Not only was it great, it wasn't too expensive either
Not generally no
This is actually quite good to know, as whenever one of my acquaintances would return from study exchange programmes from the USA or UK, they would seemingly "forget" many Danish words as they spoke exchanging them for English ones, and this would annoy me quite a bit as I thought they were putting on a show to seem more worldly
Another potential issue could be that the usual influenza may not have hit certain countries much at all if they usually get it from cross-border movements
I used to teach danish to foreigners, and it was the most common complaint that Danes "refused" to let them try speaking in danish and always just switched to English - no matter how simple the conversation (even "a coffee, please" would get rejected)
I do agree they are a more trustworthy source
Stereotypes can be confirmed for anywhere - I've lived in Copenhagen for 7 years now and have seen a lot of stereotypes confirmed a lot of times
Or, rather, the observed average speed
Please let this happen
That's fine if you're ok with the EU looking at its citizens not as people, but as resources to be used in a bargaining chip at the negotiation table.
We also have people like Søren Ryge and Jørgen Skovgaard, but they’re more niche
Yeah, you can find it in a bunch of local papers as well
That was then
Kælling
Yes you are, and I'd love it because then we'd at least have that.
obviously they'll always "stick out" among Danes
Recently, different people have started bringing in cakes or other treats to share with everyone just as something nice for the team
It tastes like you were in the middle of rimming a monkey and then it farts in your face
Actually when we had this problem, we were under threat of coming under management like Greece is now, in the early 80's, our government increased taxes and our prime minister called on the population to tighten the belt and roll up the sleeves.
Nerdonændene er bare danskere der er blevet lidt forvirrede
Will try to answers as many as possible, good questions, by the way.
Well the south could never survive alone..
I am astounded
Now is the time to *listen* to the plight of middle America
But with Apple products, it can only be Apple computer, tablet and phone, if they are to work properly together
It would end up being a very uneconomical project, that would require massive amounts of government subsidies, especially considering the mountainous topography of the Balkans
I've certainly more than once recognised Brits, Germans and Scandinavians when travelling
Here it is also foxes mainly, but also cats I think in Copenhagen, not unusual to see one that seem ownerless around dumpsters.
Walking 2 km in business clothes and shoes is not fun
Seven dollars a MONTH
Maybe ask the Nordics to explain what liberalism means before you make such a claim.
The only way to to change this is a) demolish it or b) somehow convince people with jobs and hope to stay put.
In Denmark bacteria in hospital might kill you - after surgery you need to get home ASAP.
I know, but that was precisely my point, with the addition that it doesn't come around
There is, I'm sure, some degree of orientalist fascination - the meeting of the familiar and the odd
like, I'm grouped into Danes because of how I am socialised, but I am not actively identifying as a Dane
I used to be really scared of Nøkken as a kid - I grew up next to a bog on one side and a forest on the other, my parents would tell me about different creatures living there to entertain me and make me behave
You've got to be shitting me
And the guy at Na Parkánu was doing something similar
It's coming home
Damn those boat-hating municipalities.
Yes, it's a bit different in Danish as a day means a day
If they gain independence in some violent way or whatever and ends up getting international sanctions for example, their lives would get a lot worse than they currently are.
The drug trade got taken over by organized gangs because duh
I found out the first who officially used the salute was the italiens in 1920 when the facist party came to power
She kept insisting that my English proficiency alone should basically qualify me for a managerial position and I kept trying to tell her that *everyone* speaks English, is expected to speak English, and I'm not special
I can't really blame you for thinking that, as muslim immigrants have shown to have appealing views on jews.
This had better not blow up, huh.
It really depends on the neoghbourhood bit I would say in general neighbours know each other better in the towns and less so in the cities
I stand with the regulators
Heard from a left-handed German that she got such bad handwriting grades because of this lol
Love the idea and execution
Anyone can read each other’s language easily
I’m a globalist and I have a Danish flag at my window
So I guess we'd just call it "notes
Don't know if that's catalan though
The form of government shall be that of a constitutional monarchy
Correcto
I'd love to see your sources on the crime rate as of 50,000 years ago.
Edit: are you dumb, im being sarcastic
BIER
I’d like to see a show like Supernatural, but where they hunt mythical creatures all over Europe - not just Denmark
I was less impressed by the effectiveness of the company I was there to consult for, but that's another - far nerdier - story
I think you would have to be a native speaker to know all the different meanings and ways you can use fuck and shit
Well, or maybe you got home late for some reason I suppose.
Here's 10 euros
Regional GDP is measured by dividing production with the number of inhabitants
Maersk is the largest container shipping company in the world
Greenland is mostly self governing, except for Denmark providing a direct yearly subsidy equal to roughly 25% of their gdp
I like it here
We have it in Denmark too, it's just not a very good saying
The Netherlands Association for Paediatric Medicine,
If you ask Google, the first hit says Denmark is number 1
There's a pretty good handful of celebrities where either one of my friends knows one, or a friend's friend knows them
* Opossum = pungrotte ("pouch rat")
It's nice, do it if you are nearby, but otherwise don't bother
Good list, but I think you left out the most important thing, which is the ideological foundation for each party.
When I visited Amsterdam I was impressed by how pedestrian/bicycle friendly the city was
Don't remember how to do it on pc
Greenland is part of the Kingdom of Denmark, though mostly independently run in all matters except foreign politics
I can't, it's physically impossible for a danish person to say consonants, we don't work like that
I'd definitely be on board if the transphobes first target was der/den/dem/des+s and all that other shit
I find it interesting though as you travel around the country, the water flavor can change
If you rat your partner-in-crime out to the police, you're a "stikker"
I'm not sure why people would downvote you for stating such an obvious and vague truth.
Sønderjylland
The entire neighborhood
:("
Only thing I've heard Danes talk negatively about regarding Germany is when Merkel encouraged migrants and refugees to enter Europe, leading to the crisis in 2015
For 100kr you can buy a decent wine or a Vietnamese takeaway curry
The Elves call Geralt "Gwynbleidd", and *gwyn* is Welsh for "white", while *bleidd* is Welsh for "wolf". The Elven forest of Brokilon is clearly named after Brocéliande, which is a forest in the Arthurian mythos, Arthur being originally Welsh
My dad usually told me that my parents bought me in IKEA/Bilka/JYSK, and that they unfortunately couldn't return me
Denmark missing
Why is nobody talking about that
The only other place I've consistently experienced people being that considerate of lost foreigners is actually Norway
Panic :) No, if I'm honest it doesn't happen
Of course they will, and it's a natural response.
Men, alligevel tror jeg nu det kommer meget an på underviseren når det kommer til stykket
“Lolland (Danish pronunciation: [ˈlɒˌlænˀ]; formerly spelled Laaland, literally "low land") is the fourth largest island of Denmark, with an area of 1,243 km2
**Norwegians** are so much it almost hurts
Lalandia startede på Lolland, så derfor skulle verdens bedste feriested navngives så.
But global warming sure put a wrench in that :/ I think people with stable brain chemistry handle the winter just fine and appreciate and enjoy the spring/summer even more than people closer to the equator.
1656 - Seized by Denmark, used as excuse for war.
It also depends - if it's a free-standing house, 1900 is quite old
Same in Denmark except English is used so often that Danes sometimes forget to answer questions asked in Danish with the Danish language.
Some of the difference was that they were hardbacks, which I rarely saw back home, but mostly it seemed to be a because international editions are just priced lower.
Raisin buns or chocolate buns
The question seems to be more related to what they import (un-taxed money).
too bad many of the monarchies are so close, else it would be cool to have castles in those countries
And almost everytime you hear about something fucked up happening, it happened over there
Russia was founded by Vikings (from Sweden albeit, but still) and even the name derives from them
I have seen Polish dubbed Gang Olsena dvds in Polish supermarkets several times
If I understand your answer correctly, you don't want to set an upper limit, because you claim, that the ROI is positive
And that is standard and mandatory
if Denmark split in half, im sure it would be Jylland and Fyn vs Sjælland and the island
The difference between a cloudy day and a sunny day for me is like going on and off antidepressant
"This year" its been like this for atleast 5 years
Copenhagen is definitely my favorite place I've ever been or lived and I miss it so so much
I read here some time ago that that church is in high demand dor weddings.
Here in Denmark, it's just not really a thing you do
Nah - lots of office work / in door most of the time due to weather.
I take it theory and practice doesn't overlap atm?
Don’t really think we have any cities that feel foreign tbh
I can understand if it's hard to tell what is a bike path and what is a pedestrian street on the countryside, but in Copenhagen they are clearly marked and look [like this] with every single pedestrian *not* walking on the lower-leveled, bike-marked path full of bicycles
tsk, tsk There is no reason for all this hostility nor the theft of brilliant original Danish phrases.
Can anyone tell me how Scotland is not breaking EU freedom of movement of English students by doing this
That is not to say that there aren't great works of contemporary descriptions in danish litteratur.
You take the bicycle with you on the metro/Bus/rail or have more than one bicycle parked at the stations
People from Tønder
Jeg synes for fanden / fandens også er ved at blive gammeldags
Why is portraying it as such anti-semitic
Tjenestemand
“Flabet” is also good, meaning annoying/flippant attitude
So I think it is futile to try an preserve them
“Honestly, as a teenager, homework was a town in Russia to me”.
He can go to the Queen and say we are going to have an election whenever he wants to , (that is the procedure, the Monarch is first informed).
The front singer in Volbeat has even made some excellent death metal with his former band Dominus
I don’t know if it’s worse or better than in any other countries, but the fact that so many people have the absolute audacity to deny that it even exists must be so discouraging for people of color
Hah, it ain't going anywhere anytime soon
"Julebryg" is just regular beer, but with vodka and Liquorice
Death however is special
If, however, the other parent is French or Austrian, there are usually no questions asked
Because when its probable cases, its an estimate and is highly elastic after what criteria is being used
It is worded weird so i get how machine translation would get that impression, but the  Greenlandic flag, the Faroese flag, the Nordic countries' flags, the UN flag and the EU flag are also allowed
It's the USA that stands out in that regard, not the rest of the world "not getting it".
"Du hörte *väl* om statsministern
my dad got the hint, slipped a couple hundred euros (dont remember the exact amount) into the passport and gave it to the officer
That's a lot closer than I would have thought.
Lets not assume all the violent bigots are voting republican please.
I didn't say it wasn't :) it's one of the main reasons why I wrote 'some other countries'.
Muslim migrants in Europe have around the same birthrate as native Europeans.
As it is, most of that is due to it being a mostly working class city, which carries with it a lot of prejudices
Working on my knees with kneepads is uncomfortable, can't imagine doing it a whole day
Also Norwegianizing loan words
The 8th letter of the alphabet is H, so 88 is HH, Heil Hitler.
Since Sweden doesn't have æ or ø, why would you care where Denmark and Norway have their letters
Maybe your experiences don't count for every child ever born on Earth?
;-;
Hey, give me 50 euro and I'll give you 20 euro back, you can spend on what I decide you can spend it on
The liberal West's last defender you say.
Also, Russia was expected to industrialise rapidly by just about everybody dealing with global politics back around the turn of the last century
Spain has barely taken any refugees in since they do not want to go to Spain.
Even this year no country is above 200 euro
Thought it was a great idea to visit central France in my holiday
Usually only with women/girls, though
Fully planned, with the support of opposition parties, with perhaps 6 weeks for opposing sides to campaign and discuss the points.
But yes, there are other factors at play as well
When the Danish Crown Prince Frederik and his wife Mary was part of a trade delegation to Saudi Arabia some 200 Saudi Arabian official greeted him and a maybe a few handfuls acknowledged her presence at all.
"In 1965, the current prime minister of Denmark signed the final agreement to divide the North Sea between Norway and Denmark according to the median line, causing Denmark to miss out on the huge and valuable field Ekofisk
You tend to notice the English loanwords when you listen to the other Scandinavian language if their loanwords are different
I would have been deaf, and a widower dad since my wife would have died at childbirth
Uhh a swede, let’s rally against the swedes
So I will start to randomly swap USA and Uruguay, because I didn't learn all American countries in school.
You miss the point, I don't know if it's on purpose
Tolkien's Elvish was partially inspired on a sound-level by Welsh, but Elvish in the Witcher is literally just slightly garbled Welsh
Personally I despise our use of the flag, I find it too extreme
Bouncers are extremely racist and would rather let 13 year olds in than someone middle eastern
Not so much because people think it cause autism, but that it makes people sick
They want to present them selves as the heir to the oldest country in the world, but shit like the cultural revolution seem to indicate that they'd do anything to distance themselves from their history
That's not surprising - that's how most federalists think
If it was Swedish, hell yeah
Half the people in this thread has no idea what socialism is
It's sort of comical that the whole plot of The Thing, which is actually a decent movie, hinges on a Norwegian scientist not being able to speak English lmao, since he basically reveals the whole plot in that scene
I thought Brexit and the American election had taught most people the lesson that polls are not really reliable.
Could not find it
The UN has shown that they are genuinely powerless against genocides as seen in Yugoslavia, Rwanda, Myanmar, Turkey and even China
You know, everytime ANYONE criticizes American beer, it's always "Ohh, but we have the **best** craft beer in the world"
It’s ok, but some of the stereotypes were also thoroughly confirmed
Therefore, the law must be made in the best interests of all, that the righteous and peaceable and lawless can enjoy their peace, and the unjust and evil can be fearful from what is written in the law, and therefore dare not execute the evil which they have in mind
What is smuggled cigarettes from Russia called?
Jungledyret Hugo (Jungle Jack)
In fact I think that's exactly what we need.
/r/de is /r/the_donald on steroids.
TBE is spreading among ticks in Denmark at the moment, so it's not just Lyme disease we need to worry about there anymore
Hg - Kviksølv
^(open
I know Dr Ronda Patrick takes 4k a day and she lives in a sunny country
it's hard to describe, but it's definitely different from the americans
As a Dane I can at least say that New York Times might not be anti Denmark for example, but the last year they sure as hell have been very good at making everybody from Denmark seem like nazis, racist and far right nut jobs (personal view).
intellectually it's never about votes and plenty of immigrant groups have voted majoritively republican.
By saying we hate Sweden, we also half make fun of those people
This warm for this long is not normal for so far north
Scrapping the peg is no longer such a frightening thing, and considering Norway and Sweden free floats its currency, Denmark could do the same
I see, I welcome all jokes alcohol related
I think there's a trend in Danish politics at the moment (for a while, really) about not seeming pompous and staged
Yeah that's right, in the low, non-mountainous parts of the country or the valleys]
Seems sorta self explanatory, but its not the weirdest line that's sorta meaningless in a modern context
Depends on what you mean by “Not originally from Europe”, because both of my parents are Danish
Lies and slander
Not to mention the impact it has on safety and crime rates.
Uhm
China: $62,591,470 million (23,4%)
I feel sorry for the Copenhagen area, because they are so close to Sweden
They don’t have the balls for that here in Denmark
Because I pointed out that the KKK as an organization is effectively dead and that Dylan was a nutter with a silly haircut?
This haiku reminds me of one of his best clips, it pretty much sums up Brexit to be honest
That way there's at least some good to it
I'm as peaceful as they come and I'd have a hard time not to get together with my friends and try to break into their party offices.
I think that's because it doesn't mean as much as it's a foreign word and therefore not as 'potent' - it's been very well adapted and adopted, but it's still not as ingrained, so, therefore, doesn't carry the same weight
(Lupinus luteus)
I mean, that necessitates that we won wars in the first place.
Would've loved to have a score for Britain rather than "native".
Not sure if the feeling is mutual for them
Danish doesn’t really have that many common nicknames but now that I think about it, we often just pronounce each other’s names in English to sound more lighthearted (or maybe that’s just me and my friends and family
I am a bit more contained, as I cannot as easily discern the other person's personality from their way of speaking
There will always be extreme outliers but the average opinion is pretty damn reasonable
It can also be the last two syllables, e.g. girls/women named Sofie are often just called "Fie". When I was a wee lad, girls named Isabella often went under "Bella", but it seems have changed to "Isa" in today's kids
" doesn't just mean that you get to make up your own illegal vote and that the government then has to care about the results
However, this certainly don't mean that we should legally force or legally coerce parents to donate their body parts to their children.
That's what I gathered from other comments in here from people that seem to know hwat they're talking about
Eventually his buddy got injured from an IED and he took much more care after that
In Denmark; we have had some infamous people from the different biker gangs like Hells Angels and Bandidos
4th of may is our liberation day, too
> I see that Sweden and Norway are placed higher and I’m like fuck
Pretty much every place has SOMETHING interesting.
For Denmark, definetly Copenhagen and Brøndby (The latter being a suburb of the former) and mostly because of football
We eat them about every day
Wont there be implemented term limits in the constitution so you can only sit 2 terms?
Thanks
He is Danish in Germany, not Sweden, and says Smørrebrød instead of Börk
Most countries were not colonized by all sorts of different people like that at all
Skinsyg (lit
It’s time we start taking a practical and realistic approach here
Yay
Yes
But I am a Dane who has been working and living in the UK for some 9 years now
Maybe you should stop accusing others and focus on your own history and people
Yea, I did no research, thanks for correcting me
Almost all words associated with the crafts (håndværk) are German words for instance
Development and humanitarian aid is not protecting us.
A couple months later, I was speaking English so much that my friends made a rule saying I wasn't allowed to other than during English class
As always, I want to start off this "Christmas-card" by talking about how it is to be a moderator on the subreddit
I think that the European Union is the most convoluted political entity ever conceived.
Earlier today I read that it's very much within the scope, and that St
Kommissionens forslag til en nyordning skal efter kommissoriet indeholde en bestemmelse om Grønlands adgang til selvstændighed i overensstemmelse hermed
If you don't look white and you're not treated as white, then you're defacto not white.
Everyone is against cigarettes but as soon as alcohol or Xanax or any other thing is mentioned, they run away
Also worth remembering when people want to downplay the nation-state in favor of EU
Of course they are
haha alright sounds good
I'm pretty sure they had the room for it
Sweden far away from Finland, Norway and Denmark.
Because you want to get out of Sweden as fast as possible and when you're in Poland, you're lucky to not be in Sweden?
Sweden's handling of Nordea in the aftermath is a rare example, and one that should be copied round the world
Then we learn english and either french or german
None, for the nation, we've only ever had this one
There is no chance I'm a fjeldabe, that's for sure
Though Jutland in itself doesn't equal rural
Worked at a Føtex in copenhagen, was always awfull when semi drunk swedes tried to speak Swedish to me, always had to ask if we could swap over to english
iirc the slaves did a lot of building of houses and such in Copenhagen
I wanna thank the following countries:
Another potential issue could be that the usual influenza may not have hit certain countries much at all if they usually get it from cross-border movements
AFAIK death sentences against foreigners are never executed, but it's still barbaric.
And as an effect, a sense of "we have to cope ourselves" which is good and bad at the same time.
Rather than flexibility we'd get swallowed by the capitalist interests rather than compromising on occasion.
AK-47’s Maybe ?
And we also never heard anything about the vikings and the wars between denmark and sweden, and so on
I don't know what would have worked politically in Germany.
I think they did have some sort of remembrance, but no longer
Like the French chocolatine vs pain au chocolate
We have a Christmas scratch card calendar(each day and sunday advent you scratch a square), where you can win 1 million crowns as the big prize and several smaller prizes
But it's not a valid national ID, e.g. It can't be used as id for travel in the Shengen area
I've never heard that sentiment before.
18-25 = ideal for me
Germans even hate credit cards because they hate debt
" before driving away
Especially the Danish 'stød' is awful to learn as well as the soft d's
Germany wasn’t at fault for WW1 alone
Not a loan, yours to keep
Hence knowledge about religion is important
Thats the joke
We’ll take back our trash thanks :)
Such good memories
Edit: read replying comments for info I wasn't aware of
Not really
Well, maybe in, like, Serbia
I feel like we have been missing out.
I looked it up, and found that it was called Gersuy, and -uy denotes an island in old norse, so it was Gers Island.
Hol up
Yes but only I have to because of how my door is made
So I don't blame you
Vilnius is close to the top on my to go list
Yeah but thats boring :)
Unfortunately it seems to be Muslims who's behind it every time.
Read about NotPetya
Therefore, all who live in his land owes him fealty and are bound to serve him, and in return he is bound to give them peace
" expression
You have insulted our brother
Huh, I never considered that my motorcycle doesn't have an EU plate...
Drinking tap water is perfectly normal
Locking the door seems drastic but yelling at you're kid and saying you better stay in you're room or it will have big consequences seemed to do the trick to me when I was a small child.
I hate people with talent
For every additional child the single parent can earn close to an additional 1000 Euro.
Neither are we, so we do not have to forgive you for being foolish
Where do you get the idea that everyone can just decide to go independent from?
What an utterly ridiculous strawman
In my opinion it’s the best, but it does depend on what you are studying
You forgot some CETA and Switlerland trade stuff 😂
Thank you for the explanation
You shouldn't have the right to withhold lifesaving medical care either
But you took your sweet time getting rid of us
That is the reason for the immigration change.
* Turkey: Their culture, food and the beauty of their country
Everybody else is "dis"
They can simply be annoyed that she's repeating the same non-points over and over and for some reason she keeps getting attention for bringing absolutely nothing new or profound to the table
at least we have the 2nd amendment if worst comes to worst.
RemindMe
Nuttela for hazlenut spread
Anything more than 1€ is too much
Different people have different ideologies and philosophies of life (and therefore, governance)
Well, my country was the first to outlaw slavery
Hope they find the guy soon and leave him to rot in a cell
There are many places that get cold but rarely have snow
Mit navn er John
MØ)]
But if she wants to go for self-defense, him molesting other people in the past is irrelevant.
today is pure agony too
*smiling like the emperor from Star Wars*
They don’t have lastnames
But most Danes speak Denglish very well
It's such a cutesy singsong language
The first episode or two, with all the stuff about travelling to an unknown land, is just so stupid
In the larger cities where bikes are everywhere, it makes sense you'd have such a signal
If I make a buzzing sound for a few seconds (bzzz) I can say the z but it comes out really exaggerated
i also prefer "color" over "colour". it's faster to write, it's easier to read, and it's fun to change the r, to an n.
*Most* Greenlanders outside of Nuuk are more pragmatic about the union with Denmark, but because the extremist factions in the capital have all the influence, that is the direction the country is being pushed
My SO talked a lot with her friends about it before her first child
I was in California and a lot of people thought that Denmark was communist and that it was close to New York
Republican')
Only critique is that I'd love to see the flag of Wales and Scotland too :) otherwise well done
Not really
It's literally like looking at EU visiting China 30 years ago - the smiles has just shifted
Oh, I forgot about 4th of July, that's going on the list
Margrete 1
Bornholm is not a region though, it's part of the Capital Region
How does it work with a Spanish citizen wishing an additional citizenship
In Denmark it is called a bobspil
On some men long hair looks really nice
To put it this way: I can picture wolves throughout Jutland (in fact, I've seen one), but I cannot picture them on Lolland
It was a cowardly suckerpunch
That doesn't mean you cannot kill with a knife, but it just takes more effort and you're likely to stop stabbing before you've killed your victim
None of my Danish friends where still living with their parents at 21
There was a bomb scare by a drunk last year, right
The M3 and M4 lines are much more colourful than the M1 and M2 lines, though, while retaining the same overall minimal shape and style
You arent European and you're pretty butthurt about it
We've done a better job of preserving European culture over here
Poor vikings, they probably heard about the pattern bold men in Dresses of Lindisfarne
A straw witch is placed on the pyre with firecrackers.
Something like Spain or Poland
When I'm in the office it's roughly a 45-minute drive on main roads
since most people were sitting at home way more than usual
". That day just never seem to come around
I'd commit voter fraud and elect her for a fifth term too
They wanted to wall in Copenhagen, and then just made the rest of Sjælland and Lolland the other part
Sexual assault, primarily amongst politicians
r/ denmark is a fine enough sub to be on for fun, but they are def not the source for knowing what the general public thinks
A train network, just as the one in japan, with all major cities connected
But my grammar is not as good as my english
I won't deny that there certainly has been a good deal shitposting, such as this:
Maybe to a certain degree Sønderjylland (South Jutland) is an exception to this
And yet, so many people praised it for being amazing and engaging
Politicians (some) will engage in minor conflicts and we are too convinced that our way of life is superior
It's not fair, they got us drunk and we are so friendly and generous when we are drunk
I am really starting to doubt that Britain will go back to it's old glory days by stepping out of the EU
That will be a lot of chill
Rather upper middle class-upper class people have slightly longer wait times and give everyone else the chance to get all the healthcare they require
Denmark missed out on the oil because it didn't have the right to it according to the common rules for dividing ocean resources
Bicycle culture
We don’t have any gendered terms so the gender-neutral term is the standard one
Danes does not need to travel that far for a 800 meter climb
>especially English with a danish accent
Well, as a matter of fact getting married below the age of 18 in Denmark is legal (With permission from your parents), it was long before the muslims started moving here and is a relic from olden days.
Total cat person
Pay your taxes and follow the rules
The supermarket in Denmark 200 meters from my place does have a sign saying: "Because of a bad weather situation in southern Europe some fruits and vegetables may be limited in supply, and the product may be of a poorer quality than we are used to"
Customs officer or parking attendant
I think English is a wonderful language
Also, the vast majority of rail traffic is domestic
It used to be as low as ~3% in the early 1800s, which seems even more unimaginable
That will be off season for them.
> We do not need to call the politicians themselves socialist to acknowledge that the reforms were a victory for a socialist struggle
It's ok
In Denmark we say,"were you born in a tent
I've had friends visit me in Randers and go: "omg it's actually a city" or "where are all the bums and crime
I think most people would consider chest pains an emergency no matter what
I mean, yes, it existed centuries before this, 1400's atleast, probably earlier, but this is when it became a real city in the modern sense and not just some village.
Oh that's interesting
It has Lithuanian and Polish wares
The little mermaid in Copenhagen
But we aren't losing the cathedral, only the originality of the parts destroyed
Which is understandable, there would be very little weight behind such a claim
Even then, of all the cardinal directions, north is definitely the one Germany has pursued the least
Free movement of labour has also led to social dumping because people come here to work without unionising and working at places that don't have collective agreements, further destroying our scandinavian model
The Russian ambassador to Denmark posted a [tweet] a year before the last parliamentary elections saying that it doesn't even make any sense to meddle in the Danish election, as the government will be russophobic no matter who wins
Hearing people talk/reading what people write was also a great way to learn the language’s construction better
However, I still don’t really get what hauptschule is
If they are gifted the money to pay the fine, that would be taxable.
ITT people being categorically wrong
Basically the difference is whether a question is positive or negative:
IT was awesome
In the 70's nudity was almost compolsury in Swedish film, including nude children and nude adults, even in children's movies
But i don’t actually think it’s a common name anywhere in general
\-The Chunnel will be 2 pipes-London is a ghost house
Can relate
Come back soon
Funen has its own distinctive dialect as well
We haven't had a decent winter in flippin' YEARS
kurwa
Yes
>But I know that one person's opinion does not reflect the majority
Not for me
Greenland is part of Denmark - their country facing such severe issues is if not our fault then at least our responsibility to help improve
>Error 503 Service Unavailable
So outlaw parties that are EU sceptics?
You guys don't talk about politics at dinner?
Corporate shills that votes yes:
You can still breathe and it's not nearly as "sticky".
The fact that one of my parents is a foreigner only adds a layer to it
Some people prone to winter depressions use special lamps, but yah it is a horrible time.
Appelsiiin (Appelsin - Orange)
That's simply not possible, and even if it was, it wouldn't solve anything.
I wish we had that here
Which country is this
Also, luckily the Danish government is also willing to foot the bill for operations done at private hospitals, if the waiting list at public hospitals are too long
Yes it was an attempted universal language that failed, hence the Danish expression
Dane here
It's just a set of beliefs like any other.
During my childhood in Denmark the 80s we mainly had bagged milk, although tetrapak carton milk did exist (I guess it was slightly more expensive or something?).
As a Dane, I've always thought Dutch sounded like a weird mix of Danish, German, and English, which I personally really like the sound of
oh yeah, Sweden was hid harder
Denmark is only concerned with environmental risk.
Great novel taking place during hte Danish colonization of Greenland
Germany, Denmark, Scania, and the Netherlands are completely peppered with wind farms.
Mostly helicopters, but also sometimes jeeps and trucks.
First of all, most mountains ranges have low valleys, and most are not so vast, that there are no lowlands nearby
but in private healthcare, they would basically just do it
Ohh fuck
These idiot people are also here in Denmark.
It is complicated as transparency does not rule in USA.
Luckily, Denmark abolished wartime death penalty in 1978
Mine is french
stop giving in to group pressure
Prost
So he took us to a nice church at the edge of the campus, and talked about its recent history for a bit
We then proceeded to treat them like second or third class citizens until circa 1980
Scotland in the UK -> now wants to opt out
In fact, many of them want to relieve taxes from working people, meaning they have more money and running a business overall becomes cheaper, you could argue that is pro-labour
Well
Maybe where you're from
The term "[Century of Humiliation] is a central part of the CCPs founding philosophy
Get drunk, high, and sleep in a bench in pusherstreet?
I've named a lot and there are more, but I'm too lazy to type more
I seem to remember I was 5 when I learned it
Naaaah
Sure, they have areas with mountains that dwarf any other mountain in the world, [but significant parts of the country are less than a 100 metres above sealine] and many parts of the country [are comparable to Spain in terms of height] and [guess where most people live
Great news, we shouldn't accept changing our norms and values for newcomers.
Næsten alle jeg kender gør det, men jeg tror egentlig mest det er fordi vi er lidt sure over at de har så mange penge derovre
Iceland were a part of Denmark and Denmark-Norway for centuries.
Sweden is the annoying big brother all the Nordic countries love to hate and make jokes about
The world war is a really sore spot for Germany.
Taler sgu ik svensk hva sagde du
Why on Earth would they
this post here is the biggest lie said about france tbh
probably several thousands by now
Why is loving The Netherlands equivalent to love of EU?
I feel a lot more expressive, less anxious and less Self-conscious when I'm speaking English
And if they aren't Danes, they are most likely either Swedish or Norwegian
And having been submerged in a christian-religious culture for their entire life, choosing christian-religious coping methods (or vulgar-Christianity in terms of the recently passed going directly to heaven), comes the most natural for most
But as I said, it really is very expensive.
To expand on the other comments, from this sentence on wikipedia it sounds like locks would have used too much water during summer to be an option:
"Jeg er ligeglad" directly translated would be "I am equally glad/happy". That's how we express "I don't care". Doesn't really make sense in Danish either as far as I know
I'm afraid what they'll be like if we admit them to the Union and lose all control over them
Richest country in the world
At least from an outside perspective, I have no professional insight into screenwriting specifically
7 mil
I think I'd like to have learned the truth about Denmarks role as a slavenation
Funny it's the same in danish
No no, you must be confused, I asked you, since you know so much about me.
Old Saxony ≠ Modern Saxony/Sachsen and the dialect of modern Saxony (Upper Saxon) ≠ true Saxon
That Blue lake looks intense
The electorate system has resulted in two parties coming out on top: both of them Liberal, not to mention that in many parts of the country, on a state level, there's legislation which makes living in those areas as
That’s because they are
It's true, we consider it part of Denmark, but in the same way we consider Greenland a part of Denmark
It's strange that they don't use a Danish/Scandinavian keyboard in Norway, when they have the same order of Æ Ø Å in the alphabet
If you want to have nightmares for some time you should look up the picture taken of Mussolini's body/face after this mob lynching
>This constitutional law is valid for all parts of the Kingdom of Denmark
Dude
Umbridge is called Madam Nikjær, which means someone who is zealous
If you stop a mugger from stealing an old ladies purse, only to continue the mugging yourself, you don't get any credit at all
*hug*
Whos the kid that became a consultant for Big 3
It’s both popular and controversial for a few reasons:
What a god damn genius
Denmark also has “døgn” same meaning, v cool
Zealand (the biggest island where Copenhagen is is located).
Nowadays, most Danish dialects are sufficiently subtle, that most people can understand most other
It's say, they've never been in a tropical hurricane
You could give it all away for virtually nothing if the goal was just sending stuff out of the country.
They say it's about losing sovereignty and being controlled by laws and (to-some-extent) unelected bureaucrats, yet you know better than to take people for what they say at face value and instead contribute negative attributes to the British people in general
You seem to have made an error with the border of Crimea, buddy
We still have a lot of politicians who have their own private foundations, where companies and people can donate money to get to meet and speak with the politician
On friday and saturday nights i would stay away from the northern parts
There are many interesting videos on YouTube where he talks about his goals, dreams, motivations, why and how  he became a bodybuilder and went to USA
Also the it looked like there could be much drama surrounding it when everybody does it with their own friend group
Ironic looking at the ideological developments in Poland
Other recommendations in the Southwestern part include Salò and taking a trip up to Lago d'Idro, going up from Gargnano and past Lago di Valvestino
I live just outside Copenhagen
Rye bread (and Danish liver pate with bacon
as an initial experiment to see if it were possible to better educate native Greenlandics
Here they say "mester".
I think that's also the purpose of it
It was in the luxury shopping district.
Here they say that the World's GDP will be 267,676,800 million USD
What is he makes it as a deep pan pizza?
Glad to see people come together to protest against bigotry and ignorance
There's cold parts of the planet too, you know
I'd hate it if they'd threaten to shut down the theater because they allow plays that paints Christian family values in good light, or a comedian who mocks atheists
355 km from Copenhagen and 350 from Prague
Pretty nice at the moment as the sun is setting when I bike home a everything is lit in a golden light :)
In most stadiums there are overhangs for just that, rain, so you should be good there, if it’s cold i’d dress accordingly
I was thinking of the traditional [one with a wire]
Ungarn - Hungary
But all the same, it’s enjoyable for our Nordic offspring
But I do feel grateful when i hear stories about hurricanes, earthquakes and tsunamis, that we don't get that stuff here
For the past 5 years I've been trying my hardest to learn danish, it was a huge hurdle to get danish people to actually speak to me in danish because many of them preferred to speak to me in english because they could already speak english, even my own mother
If you don't accept our way they is a long list of shitty dictatorial states that you can choose to immigrate to as well.
The only change is the swap between U and I, just imagine it to be like American English and British English.
In terms of fine art Aros is good, but Louisiana and SMK are the best IMO
As I said - this is a problem which mainly concerns areas of crime, public safety as well as the economic burden of poorly integrated communities that are unemployed
Haha
Using that etiquette, eating soup would take a couple of hours using the back of the spoon...
As more ice melts the currents might change
Finland doesn't count as a Scandinavian country
oh shit i forgot those, but i never played them though
Obrigado
I definitly dont disagree, but I'm surprised that a Swede would be surprised by Oslo being
Maybe where you're from
" or "I got into Yale
Energinet (the company in charge of the electrical grid) have a nice live display of how the grid looks
Apartment building from just around 1900.
In Danish sometimes you can also leave out a d if it's there like Svend/Sven or Bendt/Bent
Everyone I know (who has a house) has a washer and separate drier.
Just make something clear:
It gets worse
There were a smaller danish liberation Army in sweden at the end of the war  - i presume - if the Russians came closer to mainland Denmark - the Germans would have sailed them to Copenhagen themselves :-)  Bornholm wasn’t that lucky - and were bombed before the Germans accepted to surrender to the Russians
It does entitle you to a reduced fare in your own country, though
I really like the guy, but how can he be in every movie, be a businessman on the side, work out every day for hours and STILL get enough sleep to remember scripts and be in an anabolic state while still have a relationship with his kids
Hehe, that sounds *out* *there*.
Well clearly you don't live in a city which direct ferry's to both countries
"Tarm" - Intestine
well, everything
Gypsie is simply is slur for rRomani-people
I had to get a friggin' passport traveling through Sweden to Ystad so I could get to Bornholm
You're obviously going to attack capitalism, but the reality is that capitalism has been more succesful in its application, even if isn't perfect
For a 1,5L bottle, it'll cost around 20 DKK (
I think this is the way to go about it.
Looks like most of it is gone now
On the internet, you can find people who get angry about absolutely anything.
And then got annoyed with people when they asked what he meant, or whether he was from Panama
I actually used to have a big Stars & Stripes hanging over my gun cabinet so it couldn't be seen from the outside through the window
It is child protection and an immutable right to bodily integrity
Hah, good luck excommunicating the observer and Twitch VoD.
Is this among the entire population or only among the bourgeois
I get why
Even benign nature subreddits are subject to things like an abundance of images of bald eagles around the 4th of July
You may get some idea if you simply want to compare countries but it's damn near impossible to get any accurate number for a specific country
Humans can be forced to work through all those conditions with pinpoint precision
Our politicians are very well aware that Donald Trump is doing his own thing.
Did the opposite
(Although it doesn't please me that we had wintery weather in March in 2018 and snow in May this year)
Northern work ethics value hard work and long hours over relaxation and enjoyment of life
Same here for both Z, W and Q
But there is a general (though kinda lighthearted) animosity between us in Jutland and all of Zealand, especially Copenhagen
[Look's like the same as our Risengrød.]
We where doing just fine in going green until the last election.
If they start drowning we are moving to Norway.
but then i guess Belgium and Denmark has got more in common than just beer enthusiasm
But we do have mentions of a "Denmark" from before that, in peace-treaties, geographical and historical works, etc
However, it's not a secret that even in the case of a valid referendum, the result would still be strongly in favour of joining Russia.
Probably drives an old VW, Peugeot or something similar
As far as I am concerned, speaking another language fluently, is all about acting
I find the “utopia” ones flattering but also a bit annoying
You're probably gonna have to wait *a few* lifetimes anything interesting over there
Ireland can come too
According to the latest survey that would be 17% feel religious
I'm aware I'm limited to my experiences with my school in the UK - however, I also have anecdotes from other exchange students that attended different schools in the area, one of which was a 14-year-old German girl attending primary, who told the group that she never did her homework because they only covered WW2 and her being German, well, they didn't exactly tell her anything new
I have actually never biked one, so I don’t really know
All we did was join with Sweden and Norway in Russians armed neutrality pact and you bombed us.
The cars are actually sold cheap in Denmark.
(also they're filled with vanilla pudding instead of jelly)
That would be “femoghalvfjerds” or “five and half of four (twenties)” with “half of four” meaning 3x20+10 (halfway to the next twenty
Did life sciences at Aarhus myself, if you have any questions
Please address whether or not socialism is wrong with or without Stalin
We have plenty of viking legends
I was actually
The vast majority of Danish students study in Denmark even though they can get free education elsewhere as well
I really like the implication that in your eyes, being "honest" about those groups is the same as being so negative that others perceive you as a bigot.
The average wage or a newly educated adult with a master's degree is around 30
But you can't do a study that includes the part about men being more likely to ask for a raise for example.
Mind you, I'm a danish women living in Denmark atm, and don't really follow UK mens hair fashion, so it mostly based on the hair I see on tourists or my UK friends when I lived there
The rental market in Denmark is a joke
If you are a Christian and visit the Danish church, maybe you will notice that many of the psalms that are sung, are written by an author called N. F. S. Grundtvig
I view Norway as our rich little brother, and their women are the most beautiful in the reigon
They're like holes, but reverse
Sure I don't agree with his opinions, but it's damn smart and almost worked
We have mayo for that tho
It's not accurate for Denmark either.
Oh I don't know anyone who celebrates that so I forgot
Russia
Most recently I forgot what a sink in Danish was called
They don't meet the requirements.
Typical Swedes
Then Donnie threw a tantrum and cancelled it all because he couldn't have Greenland
And Norwegian written is just Danish so yeah
Norway for the vikings, even though Norway was technically Danish territory back then
50%
We are also taught German and French (and may choose more languages) but few are fluent
I lived in Jutland, when I went to efterskole
It's that we were ground zero for two world wars where racial purity and nationalism played a large part.
As a Dane, this is so wrong
Its definitely the style of the exhibitions that really sell it in Moesgaard, the design is really well made
Not sure what are traditional board games
What the hell is with all the downvoting in this thread
I thank Bulgaria for being in Golden Sands when I was 17 years old
40kph, or thereabouts
A sharing platter for 2, for the price of 1 Paella somewhere else
) which was a place for sports, being with friends and have intellectual discussions
If i make smalltalk with the bus driver i would probably get some really weird looks
But if you are 18 then I dont give a shit if some hipster moron cuts his ears off.
We have had physical school since april, and will/are having physical exams
Like it or no, the period when the monarchs of England also ruled large chunks of France did increase England's political significance
it's important to note that the war in Denmark, wasn't anything near what it was in Poland
Greenland and the Faroe Islands are what is left from the good old empire times and we should take good care of them
If someone informed the police, they might stop by to earn their pay check, but it's rather unlikely if you did it on one day
How fuckin dare you
Great contenders
Formal dinners and special occasions may have welcome drinks served while all guests arrive, maybe a few snacks.
There  must be some impressive acting going on with that Ancestry
Got me there, we actually never had another word for weekend
There was a time, when lasagna, or screw that, anything with tomato was not really representative of Italian food, but try to open a restaurant, that only serves broccoli, and see how well it goes
Bøg/bög: DK Beech, SE gay
You asked actual Europeans what the situation is actually like.
Some people will fly trough the small roads at 60 km/h (legal limit btw) especially in areas with blind corners or hills
A lot of danish rap is pretty dope
Visit
Sorry I know, my phone just screwed it up.
Also i think Germany, like Denmark, doesn't have compulsory secondary education?
It's hardly surprising that people who don't integrate into their new country will have a harder time "feeling at home" there than others
Kids aged 12-16 freaking sucks sometimes, but after that people do seem way more mature and open minded
I'm that regard I'm pretty jealous of Poland, but then again wages are much lower than here.
The person, male or female, has to be chosen based on merit
-ish
It's hot and uncommon for a country located 1/3 into the Arctic Circle
Off course that's also a huge factor, living standards are way higher in Europe compared to pretty much everywhere else.
You don't pay if you go to the GP or to the hospital, but dental is only free for kids(under 18) and is super expensive for everyone else
I love te irony of how a German is pointing out that we got greedy for wanting a small piece of land
Not really that country specific, but god damn, teach the children Excel
Most people I know pronouce "three" as twee or tree
I think it’s generally considered cheap in Denmark to keep the alcohol to yourself, though alcohol is way less expensive than it is in Sweden
5mill€ and past the 10mill€ mark
It varies from post to post, but I see more people expressing dislike of Trump and a general like of the American people, and compassion with what they're going through than I see people making really inappropriate (and more importantly mean spirited) jokes about how many Americans have died
In my years of public school, most of the history lessons was spend on ww1 and 1864
We are jealous of Norway’s mountains
Genuinly curious
24 episodes of a (usually kids’) show each day in December up until Christmas
I never thought much about it, because I was busy
This is a Greek Catholic church, so it's a fun mix between the two, no obscene amounts of gold like in the Orthodox churches(I've been in a few for weddings), but no comprehensible singing either
️Norway, defo my crush country
Is it a reflection on how straight the road(s) to the city is because those mountains can really stretch the driving experience
It is all about those small beginnings, those tiny increments that can set it off
English used to have a feature we still have in Danish and Swedish, which is the "negative" yes and no
We use it for decoration for a lot of different events.
What I am going at, is that Irish orthography is pretty unique in its fairly liberal use of digraphs and trigraphs, which makes it fairly indecipherable by an outsider, and some of them are fairly funky, like how mh is a v sound and bh can be a w sound
Jesus, how hard is it to say, "Sorry, I don't understand what you're saying
Missed opportunity to call the cat "Catlypso"
Just not worth it
I have visited 9/10, of them
Beer
I would say that out of all of these, Scania is the one that hurts the most.
Northern, Western and Southern Jutland (Jylland) are a lot “less” developed from in comparison, so I dont really get this map
> Får får får! = Sheep give birth to sheep
Good work there and good luck
We have three extra letters in our alphabet
I completely agree
Kinda like Norway with driving to Sweden/Denmark for cheap alcohol
Also you forget about the homeless who have to get by in one of the most expensive countries in the world
The vikings were kinda like isis
Does a core ever expire if you have a native name for it?
Greedy Spanish people, could you share a little
I probably still have half a jar left, when i bought some to make a chicken sate sauce.
I'm fairly sure that he knew about us at some point, but it is of course likely that he have forgotten us
How hard it is to get mental health support if you aren't insanely lucky or have a lot of money
I believe Ukraine has also been screwing its own Russian minorities.
There has been an explosion in construction along the harbour front and in an old military site which is now full of archictecture seen in the link
We may not build the ships anymore, but we certainly own and operate them.
Herring, wether it be smoked pickled or fried, throw that fish back into the sea because its garbage
Lol
I've live right there in the middle of your map
Danish West indies
Census, population growth mid-1990-2008 in Gaza and West Bank was 106% from 1.9 million (1990) to 3.9 million persons."
That massacre like many others was carried out by your state and people not some unspecified group
She does have a stereotypical mediterranean name
Tunisia is doing very well at the moment, and Libya is also getting better.
Cool
What
[G] - 100 % (But I am almost fluent in German)
I know Russians with perfectly good english, I'm certain the ability to read and write english is a requirement to be hired at the troll factory.
Thanks for the correction
I’m not personally affected by it cuz white, but racism
Pretty sure that one was on purpose
If both parents are convicted, the kid will most likely be raised by foster parents or in an orphanage.
Name a culture where food doesn’t play an important role, though
I didn't look into it, but I think that's what the locals often do.
Having been on vacation in germany / austria all their synchronized televsion is a nightmare
Since Denmark was not part of the war, we usually focus on the effects during and after.
Politi officer
"Desværre, jeg har *jo* en eksamen"
lack of city life outside drinking culture, at least for many youths
"Et samfund kan være så stenet
I started to think there was something wrong with me, that maybe there was some deeper layer to it I wasn't getting
A few go to baking something, while the rest go to breakfast
Liberty leading the people - EU edition
Yeah, you guys surely lack some fashion police.
Rome is why Celtic is restricted to a few scattered remnants in the Atlantic
Agreed, but I don't have all the details for the event so they might have organised an event for people to do just that in relation to the show or at the very least inspired some local communities to do it
Motherfu-..... Of all the places, the Devil Island gets a white Christmas
That's because Esperanto borrowed a lot of Romance- and Germanic-derived vocabulary directly, whereas Volapük twisted the words a whole lot in an effort to make them divorced from their parent languages, so that it wouldn't be as eurocentric (due to being intended as a language for the whole world)
But I'm not going to tell somebody that I have an event on ''2019 in April on the 20th'' when I can just say ''20th April''.
Yeah we don’t really care about Norway
That is actually pretty damn impressive
Never heard about that “joke” before
And I've only ever seen it once too ... horrible, horrible images
To add to this, parties representing a majority of the Danish parliament said just a week or two ago that they wanted to "renegotiate" the human rights charter (which is obviously code for "we want to change it so it doesn't apply to immigrants")
It still exists in some schools AFAIK, I applied for a job at one where they mentioned it
You don't know me
Stay away from the cycling lanes, if you come to Denmark (unless you are riding a bike)
They’re eaten in a soup of hen broth, meatballs, carrots, leek and parsnips
We have it for quite a long time in school
Oh yes, they are a couple, that my wife knows from highschool, that suddenly turned "burn your passport because the chip has a sequence with 666 in it" religious
Yes, these statistics were made by OP looking at people
A shame we don't have a place with small, uncomfortable cells where we can lock up people forever when they are convicted of shit like what he is charged with.
I wish you luck
But Spain was re-conquered because there was still enough power and money behind the western/Christian nations.
You realise they made their echo chamber because they werent welcome in anyone elses right?
Yesterday my WoW raid was postponed by 5 minutes as the Dutch people in the guild were taking part in the moment of silence
"Lægge en dej" = "Drop a dough"
Currently traveling around in Japan.
They are all free
What not say “gold”? It means literally gold isn’t it
A better world _is_ possible
I do not find this aesthetically pleasing at all
Consists of three parties: Venstre, Liberal Alliance, Konservative (Liberal - "more" Liberal - Conservative).
Obviously, both would be dreadful, but if I had to choose, I'd probably go with right-wing.
I also have a thing for east and southeast Asia though.
As well as their eye shape and placement sometimes being a little different than the rest of Europe
I love it
We sincerely apologise on his behalf, so now you can return Scania, Halland and Blekinge to us, which are currently in Sweden
WW2, is of course interesting
I mean, if I'm not mistaken, Galicia/Asturias and the western British isles are part of the same ecoregion - the North-Atlantic Rainforest
If we let a 1000 in, and even one of them is gonna behead someone, then don't let them in
[It's very new, but judging from the fact that they only started half a year ago or so] I guess it won't be long untill we see locations in the rest of the country
Yes, that is what I wrote
(I still do, but not to my parents)
We are tied to the Euro so adopting the euro is really easy when we decide to take that step.
Altså han er en idiot
We are less invited than the English
They do under certain circumstances, just do a Google search for it
Also, a bunch of French cities (such as Tours) have a good amount of people who commute to Paris via the TGV
And my legoklods
Especially for the people who were affected by globalisation in the first place.
Everybody here loves Norway
I was more referring to the fact that it seems that bikes have to cross a bus/turn lane to get to the bike-exclusive red lane
I live in Copenhagen though, so I don't think it's a regional thing, or if it is, it's very specialized.
You get paid by the state, around 1900 usd a mounth, live in a small apartment, you're poor because you somehow can't or won't work, you have to send job applications more or less constantly to get paid
Gives people hope and makes them feel like they are helping change something
Well, I do vote Radical Left in the elections
To lower the number of asylum seekers from these countries.
Jeg vil satanedme udrydde dig på en måde, som aldrig før er blevet set på denne jord, mærk mine fucking ord
Brown Eyed Girl by Van Morrison
The US has laws against hate speech too.
Here in Denmark we put salad on it aswell
And soon afterwards Latvia and Lithuania as well
So why would it be better to become a puppet of Germany instead of the US?
Regale me with stories of how Ireland is helping?
(i have read it as a book)
You get a route to bike and then some teachers will stand throughout the city to watch if you used the correct hand signals and so on
i have heard of something worse
They sleep so well in the cold
I don't think that thing has has a name
This is a question that requires
You get a certain number of Santa’s or Christmas trees and you win a cash prize
Or rather, is Danish still widely spoken on Iceland
That small group you are talking about is the same group who looks at the US and sees another minority there and defines the US by as "them".
It's like he doesn't understand human interaction past that of 12 year olds.
At our company we are also a mix of a lot of different nationalities so English is the lingua franca anyways
&#x200B;
The Danish knights had loosened the bridge and as the Germans rode over it, they pulled the bridge so the German men fell into the river Gudenåen, and drowned
It would, it really, really would
Extreme right winger, open racist, and attorney
What is it then
Thank you
If you don't have such a group, you are fucked
It's only bright from 8:30-15:30 right now, and even then it's still somewhat dark
Though lupin in older Danish is called Ulvebønne (Wolf's bean)
My problem with it, is that it is arbitrarily applied to healthcare, and that it basically means that the word 'free' no longer has meaning
God dammit reddit have we learned nothing from Stan lee and Harper Lee
How much kebab do you think a country could possibly eat
We have 92% humidity in my city right now
I complexly agree with you, and have been against how in particular Germany and Sweden has handled the refugee crisis.
>Köpenhagen
Personally I don't like either Macron or Le Pen but I think it would make for the most interesting second round.
This is so true
No more segregated areas, clean these areas up and out.
What a shame
No, I'm saying you're using it to deflect criticism away from your own dickish behaviour
" as spetsnaz scatter
I don't see the UK in a negative light as the other guy.
Got a good (free) education, good job and more than sufficient income
Reading both Norwegian and Swedish is easy though
If someone was posting selfies dancing on your grandmothers grave, you'd probably ask them to stop as well.
I believe it's like this for most other people around my age (i'm in my mid 30s)
There was little need for foreign currency as those reserves peaked at 737 Billion in March 2015
I know they are different implementations of android, but my apps will still work on all of them, so I can buy from another company and keep my apps
How do you grade Norwegian cities?
You sound like an American
So there is no chlorine or other stuff added that can give a bad taste
Decades of lax immigration policies and this is the result
I did a semester at an American university and textbook prices seemed to be 50%-100% more than similar books in Denmark (I paid 200 dollars for a book if I remember right).
Haha, yes this so much
Closing borders wouldn't make a difference.
I would imagine they also have the Tuborg Julebryg
Søko (Sea Cow) - Manatee
Poland - Polen
(Despite my flair, I'm actually Greenlandic, living in DK) All Scandies look the same to me, so I can't tell them apart, but all Greenlandic Inuit have that very characteristic rope hanging from the ceiling around their neck.
Just added one
That’s wonderful then
I read this comment, and then all of a sudden the guy on the radio [presented this new band] who are inspired by Anatolian psych rock
I would like to point that much of that violence is geographical concentrated to socioeconomically weak communities.
" All right, but apart from the sanitation, the medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, a fresh water system, and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us
Tbf to the Danish Film Industry, we normally never dub our movies with RL actors, so they don't have much experience of it
In denmark if the groom goes to the toilet the men get to Kiss the bride and vice versa
A horse, the horse, multiple horses, all the horses - en hest, hesten, flere heste, alle hestene
And McDonalds, and Coca Cola
Or free killing
I did read the article and I was just joking not hating on Russia in any way, in fact I quite like it.
If the Mufti had gone to France and demanded that French people in France should cover up, then the outrage would be justified.
Hard to get into doesn't necessarily equate to a tougher curiculum
we literally have a far left party who gets almost all their parliament seats from our capitol region since its our largest urban area, I vote for them too but it matters little in my remote rural area where almost nobody votes for them
Did you call the activation number at the ballot you were given when first issued your new genitals
Yeah, could've been a swedish flag
I think he was uncertain if Cyprus was European.
All companies left, farming declined and cities are increasingly being depopulated
If we are invaded before mass re-conscription can take place then we still know where all the weapons are stockpiled.
I can see the confusion, I am sorry for that.
Them are in a tough spot and Russia has their fingers in deep
Or that might be Russia I'm remembering
Hviderusland - Belarus
So now we have 82 = 2 and 4x20 - but we don't stop there, time to fuck up the pronunciation and spelling as well so that what we actually say and write is something like "2 and 4s". And when the French say 4x20 12 for 92, we looked at that, and, having admired the sheer disregard for intuitive simplicity, decided to one-up the French again by saying 2 and ½5s (two and half(way from four to) five times twenty)
I'd post this on r/sweatypalms if those nooses were tightened
A typical Polish Catholic fundamentalist bigot i would consider far-right, yes
Google's automatic information thing isn't infallible and in this case it is wrong.
I know they’re not the same but I like the charm of living in the mountains in a decent sized town
Both of which are
Basically the only words spelled as they sound are ø and å.
But I believe most people still drink it
When we were in Czechia this summer we had a recouring problem where we only got a relatively small plate of food everytime we went out to eat
If these people were to ask me to have some of my alcohol at a party, likely I'd say yes because I'm there to be merry and make friends, but I'm not about to offer it up myself, because it's not my jobs to supply the whole party with drinks - everyone supplies for themselves, and then, if you want variety, you can share amongst you as you might wish
How are they member of the EU
Especially if we're talking about the younger Europeans.
It is, but to give some variation, the water level is higher in the Baltic sea and the Caspian sea
In Uruguay it seemed people where more "spiritual" and I mean it in a negative way everything seemed forced and "money box" (I don't know what it's called) went around during the service this would piss off religious Danes.
Atleast keep the denominator consistent
Holy shit that's a waste of energy.
We have the weirdest loan-word from German
Oh cool, is it one of those things where people just "freeze" in place for 2 minutes then like they do in Poland on 1st of August or whatever
# Sjælland
You deliberately changed the headline.
To this day, it is called the "Highschool Movement" (or ["Folk High School"] but that's a potentially poor translation imho) - "a citizen-school for life" - founded by [N. F. S. Grundtvig]
For one the two largest backers of these sort of things (Nationalists and Social Democrats) are not in the sitting 'minority government'.
I obviously had an old rusty one, so the thieves would chose to steal a better bike than mine
I can easily see good reasons for it existing.
London for instance has skyscrapers with restaurants and public viewing galleries on the upper floors.
We have 1 'baltic' store
Try doing something that works better in the dark like watching movies or reading by candlelight, and remember to take vitamin D supplements if you feel like you’re not getting enough sunlight
I tihnk the difference is Roskilde University is generally regarded as worse than the others
I think this is an odd survey: It asks about two different religions, the inhabitants of an entire continent and a colour which is not even a proper skincolour
Jeg bruger "lort" ofte omkring ting
Anatolia has historically been the place that got rolled over, whenever the balance of power shifted within a 400 km radius
Okay, I’m gonna explain
I thought the Czech Republic was the place that started this newest wave of anti-Russia sentiment by throwing out those spies
I give it a day
Rammstein gets better as you get better at German.
Not if you use fearmongerering to get you're point across
This  is  unusual before five years of age
I would say Belgium is worst of france and worst of germany springled with good beer and chocolate
Speaking of shoes i just noticed he's just wearing a pair of New Balance that look exactly like my dad's
That's generous personally I think 16 kroner is more appropriate.
There is a substantial difference between items plundered by conquest, and the items gained by locals giving them uncompelled and unasked for
Just listen to a lot of Niels Hausgaard, you'll pick it up eventually ;)
It is danish yes
Europe is usually agreed to be countries North of the Mediterranean, and West of the Bosphorus and blocked off by the Ural mountains in the east
which is a nice sentiment but also completely impossible.
It's called travelling
It’s a “haunted” statue which according to the legend, comes to life if Denmark is in war
after some back and forth, the officer there told us that he was gonna go inside the building again, and when he came back my dad would give him his passport again
But then again, it's run by a Frenchman, so it's not something that's very common here
We have had parties that supported a "workers revolution" in Denmark.
Please address whether or not socialism is wrong with or without Stalin
There are definitely still girl scouts in Denmark
There is the ongoing border-conflict fought with booze and flags, that Denmark is waging on behalf of Greenland, with Canada, over the uninhabited isle of Tartupaluk
Sorry Norway, everybody kind of likes you, even if you are rebel scum :)
children in Denmark learn English from first grade now
Funen: A highway
Share of young people not in employment, education or training NEETs.
Excuse you
If you look for them, you can always find them
Do you mean under 18
Our police force isn't a hyper-militarized gang of thugs, so it is perfectly safe and common to get out of your car when stopped by the police, yes.
Falster in Denmark damn
>After the USA did a few moon landings, they declared themselves the winners of the space race
Scandinavia is better because it has fewer state controlled mechanisms.
We have a Christmas scratch card calendar(each day and sunday advent you scratch a square), where you can win 1 million crowns as the big prize and several smaller prizes
Especially, when there is plenty of fuckups going around in our own house
Another good DK vs NO one:
Both grandfathers was part of the rebellion again the german occupation during WWII
Don't try to put words into my mouth, so fuck off.
Instead we let a bunch of oligarchs rape the shit out of Russia.
My parents did the same thing, but when I started understanding them, they switched over to German, and that one still works if what they’re talking about is complicated enough
Liberals on their own make up roughly a third as well, with the 'liberal' category being the largest of the whole bunch, at almost 28%, and right-wing libertarians(who're also liberals, lets be honest) make up 4,3%.
i was wrong
What tv channel is it
Mailing them a bag of coins
now we're blaming the muslims for Breivik's shit.
It's simply about not wanting people to drag in dirt and stuff.
Italian = Grazie
There are still remants of the old city wall/fortress tells us something about how the city has grown, wars, our enemies, military history, kings
I have many friends from the muslim community, who were exceptionally welcoming
That was basically the first thing they decided and one of the main things behind the wish to have self-government
You see the same with those little "honor system" cart thingies as well, they're usually have at least one flag on them
Btw I noticed the other guy also lives in Finland and I'd need someone to go pick up my 78 slabs of meat
How do you feel the level off empathy with Americans are in this thread
No more than any other language with various different dialects and regional expressions.
But I’m also on Reddit
Half of them because they are uninformed, and half because they want to see USA crash on itself, and the third half because they suck at math, and think Trump's economic plan would actually work.
Agreed, I would also say that at least Russians and Ukrainians are European culturally (like Norway and Switzerland).
We're taught the most commonly used ones and I think I've used deca like twice throughout my life
If you try to alleviate a starvation, why do you restrict movement out of the affected territory
Us too
Without us you wouldn't have lego or Hans Christian Andersen >:(
When a boy when the age of  majority,    he may even decide, but until then the requirements of the    individual's  right to self-determination prevail
no I actually hate it, damned potato in mouth accent
A few that I've heard other people use as well:
I had no idea that *kun* was a contraction
In Denmark we have a modest culture so we see famous people as normal & respected humans as us
>3) It's less harmful than tobacco and alcohol, which are perfectly legal instead
Capitalism here meaning 'a society dominated by the relations of capital'. Sweden has an economy based on private property, wage labour, commodity market exchange, etc
Additionally, feminism is still a dirty word in Denmark as it's been cherry-picked and warped to be either an extreme form of misandry or an excuse for some women to make sexism work for them, instead of trying to eliminate the sexist frameworks in the first place
I did not see the kid at first, he had no lights on and was wearing dark clothes and hood, but I faintly spotted a little light on his face which was reflection from the phone he was looking at
Was that you
No Danes here
Typhoid Mary's whole thing was that she was a symptom free carrier
I want the old window I just learned about!
A search on google shows no result of such a bridge.
Can we join
Dutch is also somewhat big but the Scandinavian languages has 6 million, 4 million and 10 million speakers respectively
I also think we are the only country where Prussian is still the go to swear word for Germans.
"If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine."
[how to play danish beer bowling]
Some people auto down vote Brixit stuff.
Initially, both posses their own territories bordering each other, and are engaged in peaceful trade
In other words, this legislation is illegal.
Spending three weeks canoeing with my son
Afrikaans - Surprisingly easy, maybe even easier than [F] 85 %
If people think they can demand a company to make the product higher value, without paying more for it, then they are insane.
Pik = Cock
Eat beets and cry a lot
Your skinny Swedish geese are no match for our Danish fullfats
I lended a book in the library
Bonus question
Not bitch about the 25% actually helping already not doing enough.
DAE thread with no content, and made to apply to everyone
You should've just handled it better, my two cents.
Fold the rear seats and/or use a trailer for 90% of such needs and rent a van for the rest
Actual cigarettes are called snus in Estonian?
Why don’t the company distribute these foods to poor people as Finland do ?
The rats with wings that live in cities and shit on sculptures are pigeons indeed (feral domestic pigeons which are descended from rock pigeons if we have to get technical), but there are hundreds of other species like the ones I mentioned, and I can't make sense of why some are "doves" and some are "pigeons". Turtle doves aren't white for example
I'm probably dating myself here, but bands like [Kashmir] [Dizzy Mizz Lizz] and [Nephew] are the ones I like the best when it comes to Danish music
And while we often joke about it, it couldn't be farther from the truth
I can see that but being left-handed, I think I would find that so frustrating
Stop making excuses
Nice
org and a local guy who I think was sort of famous (a tv-host or something)
22° is bikini weather, wyd
Snails are f***** in the window at the baker
My impression is that it varies between different parts of Germany, in Berlin it's almost mandatory but in rural Meckelburg i'd feel wierd.
You too ️
Pretty sure society doesn't work fast enough to totally even out the stats since black people where allowed to vote 147 years ago.
Very cute and charming movie
[I prove you wrong]
And don't even start on that Brexit Idea
I can see why the Red Cross would not use that definition since they're concerned with the Geneva Convention.
Fucking hell this tool can be abused in the wrong hands.
this is how its done
I'm Danish and would have picked stayed the same, simply because it's what i expected would happen under trumps leadership
Denmark have free healthcare as in a national health insurance
Them are in a tough spot and Russia has their fingers in deep
Yeah, Denmark too
ANSI is more or less US English layout, the Dutch Keyboard layout is also based off of this no ISO
I don't use it myself and don't really know anyone who does (to my knowledge anyway) - but I still want it to be legal for the reasons you mentioned
I haven't heard about any outright animosity towards us, at least
It could be meant as "how many people see themselves as Christians" or a scale on which people could rate their own view of them as Christians.
I’m fearing a US like worship of the country and it’s ways
Might come as a surprise, but MS Paint
If they work with Swedes from time to time its a pretty easy language to learn to understand.
Of course it's better than the open markets
2 No
It helps that our flag is Christmas-coloured
Get a grip, we need a counterbalance to the rising right.
Tintin, Congo, ridiculous country that should just be split between Nehterlands and France
What about northern Jylland with Vendelbomål, strong western jutland dialects
Please tell me more about his totalitarian policies, when does he plan to abolish democracy and annex canada?
Denmark is expected to send about 26 billion kroner (3
>The whole world celebrates our national holiday
I must've seen it there
We executed a lot of the more notorious ones, sadly
*Dør* and *dør* \- meaning to die or door
That is effing great collective behaviour from the Belgian public
Who doesn't like black letters on a plain white piece of metal
How did people survive before kebab
We have Tuborg Squash (orange soda) that is more or less as popular as Fanta and Hancock Sport Cola which is a mix between cola and lemon-lime soda (Sprite)
> No, it proves that propaganda is what means the world
And I've read somewhere that the election is a race between Le Pen and Fillon.
Fencing is already a sport
Addendum: If you're above 16 you can legally purchase beer or wine (with alc/vol up to 16.5%).
True
Patetisk/pathetic:  DK full of emotions (solemnly), EN  pityful (DK ynkelig)
In a (strong) Copenhagen dialect you'd end up as well
I thought Golden Dawn had a bit of an obsession with everything German.
I've noticed that a lot of dutch/belgian people on reddit write 'kopenhagen'. I know it's written that way in dutch
Our country is even flatter than yours, and we have better pastries
It's vendelbomål... Well, it can't hurt to try
Not true
It's amazing, the butter mixed with the creaminess is a godsend, and I'll never apologize for loving it
Those few hours I realized I was feeling truly happy, and I'll cherish that memory until I die
Now I live in the western part of Jylland
35 million infections, 26,500 hospitalizations, and 420 deaths in the United States every year
If it becomes apparent that not speaking English is press conferences is holding the German state/plan back there is no reason why she couldn't make statements in both languages.
Uhm
I'm sorry, but [this] is the real map of railways in europe
The World's oldest amusement parc is just north of Copenhagen
> And every time anyone or anything questions the current system, they are thrown in with Stalin and Pol Pot and demand excuse for all the myriad deaths under those regimes
Yes it was an attempted universal language that failed, hence the Danish expression
In my world craft beer is something I hear about on Reddit from beer snobs who think their personal personal preference is some objective truth.
Why would Australians blame Siemens just because they deliver technology to an Indian owned coal mine in Australia
Namnet Malmö finns även på andra håll i landet med samma betydelse.
It takes about the same if I take the bus along the same route, but it's just short of €2 for a single ticket, so I might as well get some exercise and save the money
That's more than NASA's annual budget.
Danish, Norwegian and Swedish are at least as similar to each other as many German dialects, yet are considered different languages
The area of old farms are often measured in *tønder* (barrels)
Black neighborhoods, Latino neighborhoods, Asian neighborhoods, white neighborhoods etc.
followed up by yours grandparents with "så du aldrig glad"
Ship building and farming in the 1600-1700 wrecked most forests
What if we formed a union at Kalmar
Northern Europe and especially in Denmark the competition was so fierce the providers was willing to operate with a deficit in order to capture a higher percentage of the market.
There was no major German newspapers writing about, until after international newspapers started covering it several days afterwards.
The long game of taking Slesvig-Holsten back.
English is what the comment thread mentions, but many Danes knows some or a lot of German, French, Spanish
Goddamn ingrates
There is a source detailing vikings arriving in England in 787 as well, but I don't know how accurate it is
Congratulations you are about as late on this as we are.
Most of Denmark was also occupied during the Second Northern War
We used to get at least some snow every winter, but in the past decade, snow has been getting rarer and rarer
Mostly Handball, but that's only because we are world champions, and really good at it
At least we're getting addicted to something which doesn't directly cause cancer now lol
" I'm just trying to play with compositions
Let's limit the educationsystem to only one education per person!" Fuck Venstre and their American Wannabeism.
In the top right it says - train on womans breast
It kind of looks like an attempt at making a "It's their own fault." argument tbh.
We also have Jolly Cola which for many years was more popular than Coca Cola in Denmark
Not just refugees but also native Danes.
When I leave the house I don't even take my cards with me
surely you have the money
They want to present them selves as the heir to the oldest country in the world, but shit like the cultural revolution seem to indicate that they'd do anything to distance themselves from their history
>Honestly I'm gonna stop talking cause you're being a bit too aggressive and offensive for no reason
Mit navn er John
Slagelse has the best kebab though
Probably a couple of high school students who in 1971 created the first Roskilde Festival, which today is the second largest rock music festival in Europe
You really are a different country aren't you xD
Yeah but it’s a super over-commercialized version
Ah yes, Scandinavian Law, where civil suits can be settled by broadswords.
\[Verse 3\]
i mean, the food was fine
Snow is also rare in Copenhagen these latter years
Right now we are importing 1000 MW (roughly 25%), but that is basically because of the price
I read the first part and was about to call you really old
Damn, why don't we have that
We don't really hate the swedes
65% is not a victory, it's a slap in the face
Irish settlers left Ireland and came to Australia,admittedly in the first years as convicts but later as free settlers and settled on aboriginal lands and drove them from them as they expanded their farms.
Same in Denmark
Edit: Sorry for the little rant, but this is something that means quite a lot to me as my mother and I are actively trying to reduce the wild cat population in our town with as many cats surviving as possible
The Danish language is sarcastic in its structure.
I know most of them would have taken it very seriously 6-8 months ago, but now the situation has normalised enough to the point where they feel like boredom outweighs fear over something that is actually cause for that fear
Used to live in Romania, and my first year my girlfriend said that we should go see the parade
It just seems odd to me that there would be some region of Denmark where all of these were absent
Wikipedia says no election till september 2021
Being strict with alcohol like the rest of the Nordics
And nobody likes the way we say 97
Danes and Finns are very alike to each other, quite similar to Germans and Brits, relatively similar to northern French and perhaps northern Italians, and only vaguely similar to the Balkans or southernmost Europe
Even then there were several political parties that were against this change
*Mord* and *mor* \- meaning murder and mum
This story is not at all like the one we heard in school ( let alone how the 10 year grace-period, made it a trend to mainly buy pregnant women and/or rape slave women, so you'd get "two generations out of one slave".)
I would prefer we just split the island down the middle
I'm parctially fluent in English, and im natively Danish
Jesus, this is why feminists have such a bad reputation
I mean the buildings are no longer black from soot.
Sweden maybe, but the rest seem chill to me
My girlfriend does ok, but is in no way well-off
4th of may is our liberation day, too
The streets are empty
"Fiscal harmonization", what is that?
But its only really good with mustard, ketchup and remoulade.
Well a lot of them don't even own cars
Yes it's required, german to if you want to pursue higher education
Dutch: Very little only a few recognizable words
Denmark definitely still holds foreign debt.
I would say New Zealand is much closer to how we are
Esso doesn't exist in Europe anymore (at least I can't remember when I last saw an Esso sign), cruises isn't really a thing most Europeans do (it is for American senior citizens) and no European would be caught drinking SAB "beer" :-)
So have we, and it was several life times ago
Winter depression is s real thing that many people struggle with
Yea fuck you mathilde, you karen
Du hast mich
Historically pretty 'young' countries so the old towns are a bit lacking in the kind of densely-packed mind-blowing architectural beauty and history that you find in so many European cities.
I have heard Olsenbanden was quite popular in East Germany, no
Lmao yes you caught us
If you want to know the exact moment, then there's no better method
Denmark and other Nordic countries has a welfare state but Denmark is very capitalistic
I imagine it's actually more complicated when your parent is from a neighbouring country
Well, that's part of London's appeal
Most Anti-German sentiment seems to have disappeared here in Denmark, but we seem to have adopted more of a mentality of "Forgive but remember".
Well they did go around burning it as a result, so I guess some people didn't like the flag
og dette bliver gentaget utallige gange, så dansk indflydelse på grønlandsk selvstændighed kan højst betragtes som de jure
Snaps isn’t a special kind of alcohol but the term for taking a shot of aquavit (in Denmark) during the course of a meal
I actually looked it up in order to make my argument factually correct yesterday and as my post points out its 4% GNI recieved 0.8% GNI given so net 3.2% actually, which is a lot more than less than 1.
Certain other countries in EU seem happy to just get free money and not really work or contribute anything.
Its from latin
Sure some of them I can guess me way through, but in general it annoys me when people from the US uses them in international groups and then get mad if you ask for clarification
During the week it may be earlier, like 2 am, but Friday and Saturday night opening hours are usually 11 pm - 5 am for clubs
That's a bold move
I wish
I have no idea
So does this mean Germans are allowed to say he punches girls while wearing a bloody rubber mask?
I think that’s definitely a reason as to why we’re often ranked such good English speakers
A few years ago a 'documentary' claimed al sort of nonsense and the mass hysteria spread
122mm towed are pretty good for alot of light groups that is the finnish strategy
Five years ago we had snow to my knees
[Here's the official definition on how to designate "Ghetto areas"]
Looks like a road from one of those citybuilder games
The Danish flag is used at all occasions
Is that problem free
We do it the same way too
I thought people lived their lives fairly well there
Saudi Arabia taking the number 1 spot should probably have put the methodology into question maybe, but it does reveal this curious thing that even "progressive" women into women's rights don't care for the feminism label, and it weirds me out when my girlfriend (very left wing etc) rejects being called a feminist but clearly the word just has some baggage here that it doesn't have in many other countries, and it doesn't automatically translate to rejecting the ideas and struggles typically associated with feminism worldwide
You’re just saying that because you’re Finnish
..well, that was boring
Yeah
Build well supplied, well built refugee camps and put all refugees in them.
You are a riot
Fitting that the brits are leaving since they just royally fucked their tech industry with the demand of backdoors.
I went there years ago, and it was just a small house with some old furniture at that point
Ah jesus I can’t behave people badly eventhough on here
I must say, quite a large amount of these stories seem to be about Americans
But their children would be the interesting point
Denmark without a doubt
I have absolutely no faith in the US after they elected Trump
I've had my wallet stolen once at a station near Nørrebro, though the guy did give it back to me when I asked
And now, if you'll excuse me, I need to meet with the ringleaders from Sweden and Iceland to coordinate how we're going to split our votes this year.
I also havent seen any definate replies to how we are going to compensate the mink farmers who I believe will lose their livelyhood and their breeding stock in one fell sweep
Oh and his brother Mads Mikkelsen, let's be honest
At this point as bad as it's sound you just shrug and go on with you're day, although it's a completely unnecessary and you should feel sad.
Other stuff like hip-replacements can take a while
And as a person who has been really really religiously conservative in the past, I kinda get why it can be frustrating for kids
It's the same shit every time, not just the internet
You can drink anywhere in Denmark, but some streets/parks/areas have ["no drinking in this area"-signs]
I mean, of course it's in Germany so
The mother was sick and did her work from home, her kids brought her water and occasionally helped out, most likely to spend some time with their mother because some kids want to spend time with their mother.
Yeah, they are meteorologists in Denmark.
That's been the reality here for years.
Calling oneself ashamed of a small rural village being conservative and, well, rural, seems incredibly odd to me however
I had this tab open in my browser for a while
Peace was never an option
The majority of the electoral college points at Trump.
> Maybe down a very long road, but High German today is an artificial mix that evolved in **Saxony** and the merchant cities of south Germany
We already had it on r/Denmark ;(
>Stk
The actual figure in the post is somewhat accurate, when it comes to the claims of socialism and covert racism, but it's slightly hyperbolic and obviously lacks nuance
We used to be huge, own and rule the north, even England for a while
I get that giving ones kid a very unusual name would be awkward, but to me that has nothing to do with it being an ugly name in and of itself
I'm sure there are
This guy makes all these folksy songs that really isn't something I enjoy listening to, however this particular song has struck a chord with me because of the subject he sings about
It gives them knowledge of other cultures and hopefully an open mind
I'm just not built for 25+ degrees, I'll often sit at the PC with my feet in a bucket of ice water just to cope
The NNP is then divided out to the members of the group in some way and this is what creates the two groups involved in the exchange of goods: exploiters and exploited(Meaning the labouring-class)
Nope, just exposure to the language.
We're talking about a couple of million refugees, on a continent where hundred of millions live already.
It’s annoying that in online spaces, you can’t say this without people assuming that you are an Islamic apologist and an open borders advocate
That page doesn't say you need to have a job.
o.O
Just random "hello"'s and compliments
And on the flipside women who refuse to shake hands with men.
Also, us Nordics like our Christmas TV calendars
>There's a demand for human kidneys but as far as I am aware Denmark doesn't farm them
I feel like Faroese/Icelandic-speakers get the best deal in terms of Germanic-language comprehension
There's nothing wrong with that, as Welsh is a modern descendant of Brythonic
Good let the hatred flow through you.
Agree with Lolland, the Island is seen as the worst part of denmark, but hey, atleast lalandia is there
He got maybe 10 meters before he was side tacked by an equally scantily clad girl, and he had barely hit the ground before an anonymous old panel van rolled up, and two uniformed cops jumped out, cuffed the guy, and threw(!) him in the back
Ironically polish immigrants are also terrible for western europe, and piss and shit all over the place
Most houses will have another source of heating at the same time though
The Little Mermaid statue is kinda a joke by now in Denmark
This does not necessarily means the underlying problem disappear.
And in 48 days
So a river in Denmark is considered a larger body of water than exists in this land where no point is further away from the ocean than 50 kilometers
Yes
Yes it is and it's even better in person
Vallensbæk, Ishøj and Hundige are the next suburbs when you drive south along the coast away from Copenhagen
He's fighting for better school systems, and kids in general
My parents got dissapointed about Rome
To compare I got 92% with Europe getting a mistake in Balkan
There are pretty desolate places in Europe too.
For us it's pressing the [accent key] and then Shift + E.
Be careful using "liberal" on Reddit.
What about your country
It's not like it refutes or denies the issues that Malmö clearly faces.
[SatwComic was ahead of it's time] (last picture)
A huge percent of their customer base was Europeans from other countries where these sort of foods are expensive
Like disregarding disease and death, imagine traveling a world that hasn't yet been fully mapped out and discovered by satellites and past explorers
the girls even beg to not use one.
Sincerely, Denmark (average elevation 34 m)
This is the reason why we had the best firestation in the country, and the town is old, but the buildings are new
But the goal of socialism isn't the re-structurations of capital, but rather, is the abolition of the capital _relation_ in its entirety
I know, I decided on the hyphens so that the translation would make a bit more sense
But I couldn't stop connecting it to the obesity for sure
Unlike the UK or the Netherlands, Denmark's possessions are not *legally* their own countries, although they are treated as such
Yeah, definitely a trap
But, I feel like Netherlands are surprisingly close to Denmark
Good aim and slingshots
Sønderjusk is almost it's own language
" before driving away
Homosexual people never people never adopt or...?
Sounds reasonable
figure out how to run your own country before you try to run ours
Stayed at the Gibson Hotel at The Point, and every day we would jump on the luas and spend the day in the city
Which humour
So what exactly does that mean in practice?
Figures from 2017
Honestly, I just don't think we are a country that's represented much in foreign media, haha
> You just need to stab randomly
Its the sad reality, leaders need and alternative to "evil" Russians and their gas monopoly in Eastern Europe.
And Amagermanden
Then I forgot the password, made a new one on my phone, got more karma on the alt and eventually made it my main account
on the chest of senior military personel
Outside of Europe i like New Zealand the most
*Ghost in the Shell music plays in the background*
Ok - i forgot - because they have border control :-) they are not part of EU so they have custom control.
“Ghettos” in the nordics are just not the same thing as in most other countries
The only negative was the strong headwind on the way home
Between 811 and 1864 it was our border to Germany
Will this have any significant effect on European air travel
Exactly
Trump says: "Why not?" So you should rather ask him.
We have two different neutral “genders”. Both sun and moon are -en, which is the most common one
Du er edderpekuderme død, møjunge
So, you gamble your money to *perhaps* get what you want
Bathe your yourself in the virtue of the Danish Fullfat Army
The second biggest party after that election, second only to the socialdemocrats, was Fremskridtspartiet, which among other things ran on cutting all taxes to 0% and abolishing the military
Alright, thanks a lot for the detailed answer
Well, considering you're saying that we should listen to both sides of the argument and the other side of the argument is "climate change is not caused by humans.
Why
"Pigeon" and "dove" are both called "due". To this day, I don't actually know what the difference between a pigeon and a dove is (i.e. why is it a turtle dove and not a turtle pigeon, and why is it a crowned pigeon and not a crowned dove)
My point is that is matters hugely where a immigrant is from and we have way more in common with Northern Europeans than we do arabs for example.
We lowered our taxes of our own alcohol, but it's still cheaper to go to Germany, but you have to buy a lot now.
To be fair, drunk Danish teens in Prague are the worst
In Denmark we have to call lægevagten (loosely translates to doctor on duty) and a doctor or other trained person will determine if you can come to the emergency room
I thought that was funny because Furries are usually stereotyped as the members all being homosexuals (Not that i'm saying that's true)
We have a territorial dispute with Canada
when I would hear thunder, I would think that Perkūnas was angry and throwing his lightning bolts around
Uuhhh I like your way of thinking.
Næstved is certainly one I always stumble over whenever I hear it
Working at the office is not fun right now
And there are even words, where Danes cannot agree:
Among the questions are: what is the status of the case and what is being done to achieve closure
This headline on reddit is wrong.
so, what are we looking at here?
Thank you Canada for the best war ever
Roskilde
I stand with the regulators
sorry about all those stupid Danish teenagers going there to party and make a mess
The intent of coercing the children into regular daycare (along with pretty much every other kid in Denmark) is absolutely not to deny a family their culture or religion, but to teach the kids about the society will be growing up in
Quite frankly, I don't want some <insert ultra-conservative Eastern European country> dictating how my country runs.
For most people sure, but some people dont see well, so it being a call is a nice option
Once in a while, people will realise that whaling happens in the Faroe Islands and seal hunting happens in Greenland
If I owned a hotel like that, I'd send staff out and remove them all every single day when they're checking for leaves in the pool, trash in the bushes etc
I'm sorry but the Danish rugbrød is far superior to schwartzbrot :)
:-/
Exactly the reason why :S Which is a bit lazy, I know.
We don't have those in Germany
Kind of over dramatic, but i get the sentiment
Oh look, they are all [CENSORED]
That's my experience with guns.
Also hares and foxes
I looked them up and it seems that they manage water inferstukture in a lot of places outside London.
We'll just have to gamble our country's future on æbleskiver yet again.
You know the extra stuff you end up with after having consumed all the meat and fat.
I’ll be teaching English and history
One of the few good things to come out of Sweden.
That being said, people tend to congregate where it's easy to get to and where everybody else is
" card
The closest I can think of is Bones, which is pretty shit.
So much good could be done throughout the world if we would just tolerate slightly higher prices on products
Used to be Denmark was the porn capital of Europe
how would modern people react
It's from the Rammstein song "Du Hast". Lead singer will sing "Du
Say that to the hundreds of thousands of
i know absolutely nothing about malta
and i'm not a fan of it at all
The helmet Is voluntary in Denmark as well.
I find Breitbart trustworthy,
And having been submerged in a christian-religious culture for their entire life, choosing christian-religious coping methods (or vulgar-Christianity in terms of the recently passed going directly to heaven), comes the most natural for most
Under the EU debt crisis why couldn't Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Greece and Cyprus just pay their debt?
This is not even counting in the free money I get from the government on the side
It's pretty average for students to work about 15hours a week, besides study during uni time
As a Dane; remove Sweden and I am cool with it
You responded to me and I read it to.
We are not as squeaky clean any longer
This is usually accompanied by someone on the drums (or something else that makes noise) so the classes can hear when we are coming
Denmark passed a law in 1985 that was supposed to ban the use of corporal punishment, so parents could no longer legally beat their children, but it was worded so vaguely that it was in dispute if parents were only obliged to keep others from using corporal punishment against their children or if they had to keep their children safe from all violence, even their own
Okay but cliche love song was worse imo
I do understand why you wouldn't visit eastern Ukraine however
Standardized computer monitor size
Actually
I'm in the middle of maybe getting a Swedish citizenship (back), since my mother was a Swedish citizen when I was born, and I might have just lost it back when I turned 22
The EU super state gnomes claims their dream was in the fine prints and those older generations of course new and accepted that future.
You "accused" me of not being a "European" official (Im sure there are MEPs that think no Transcaucasia nation is European)
That's it
People in the US were just incredibly helpful and kind
About 7 years ago
&#x200B;
The vast majority of people’s meals will need to be cooked by themselves
I only remember a couple of things though.
2 injuries per 100,000 people),[7][8] and 33,636 deaths due to "injury by firearms" (10
Like Australia and Israel the most european of all /jk
Despite its weird name it's actually Danish..
I mostly have seen it for British, American and Belgian hop-forward beers and sour beers like vlaamse rood and some lambics
I'd like to the see an independent Frisian state
Yes, it means the same thing, but one is a euphemism while the other is very literal about saying it
I do believe Mozart was born in what is now Germany though
Oh god no
In my case I moved out when I was 19 and didn't have a job since I turned 18
They were all Dutch
If you include from the start of the kingdom then it would be
If people can explain voting Hitler with "It was a different situation, and we were misled" then there is no reason why the Turks can't do the same, is probably the reasoning.
Either way they’re idiots who can’t see past than their own nose
So few tourists but still an awesome city
Only one that comes to mind is one of the last episodes of The Office where the documentary is being released in Denmark
In Sweden they put sugar in ryebread
Is Taffel Finnish
I completely disagree
Us barbaric northern Europeans
When I'm buying Pizza it's usually because I'm hungover and can't be bothered to cook.
Winters without proper snow are very common, which renders winter and “wow cold Scandinavia” pretty useless
Punish the corporations severely I'd say.
Surreal experience, I was only 16
>someone spelled mother as moder, father as fader and bubble as buble
Someone else in this thread debunked it
Yes why didn't they make the joke unfunny?
And it seems a lot of your fellow Swedes in this comments section put them in the fridge as well
Yeah but it is a voluntary peg that resulted in low interests in Denmark when the eurozone had its last crisis
One guy with a gun in the Bataclan could have made a huge difference.
I live near a lake/heath/wood area where there's a large parking lot right by the main road
A friend of mine did that in *Iceland*. The first and only time she did it, although she did make a great first impression as everyone thought she was super friendly and generous
Copenhagener here
I don't mind hugging though so if a person goes in for a hug I'll just hug them back
In Danish, although we have *nevø* and *niece*, *søstersøn*/*brordatter*/etc
Bismark is turning in his grave, at the lack of kulturkampf.
Couldn’t a software robot do all of that
'The canal is full of bicycles' is possibly the most Dutch problem ever
People just got fed up with all the cars and decided to try and change it
It is a nice old lady that owns the place.
ELI5
The euro was fundamentally wrong.
Living in Spain I discovered that domestic violence is far more normal than in my own country, Denmark
I wish you luck
Only men 70-80+ play it
Denmark is also very flat
Definitely a banger
Dane here:
I'm not a fan of sending free money to the South, but on the other hand I don't really care
*Døgn* as mentioned by others is missing in English, I think
Yes, there is quite a large PC community, but the console community is bigger because the parents are buying their kids consoles.
I really don't know, but on all our other lines you can actually fit 2 people on those seats, so we've just halved the carrying capacity
The Evangelical Lutheran Church shall be the Established Church of Denmark, and) as such, it shall be supported by the State
Europe is not a Muslim continent but a one has native Muslims.
Danish/Norwegian/Swedish is different languages, just close enough that people from these countries can sort of understand it.
For my own good I'm sure they'd claim
Kraftwerk
With vinegar, mind
They may buy som paper-ones at birthdays, yes
I am not familiar enough with Moscow to add anything specific about it though, but fairly certain it has a similar divide
Not really
[Enur feat
I mean how couldn't you try Hitler ice cream if you had the chance.
No, what you’ve seen is tourist areas in a warm country with wealthy foreigners buying property
The Faroe Island and Greenland are represented in the Danish parliament, so I feel it’s very relevant to follow their politics too
you have to handle requests for asylum and, sure, they can be settled elsewhere, but you have to make sure it actually happens.
We could simply look at most western countries
Our current government doesn't give two shits about it, and one of the ruling parties even have (had?) a spokesperson, who claimed that climate change wasn't really man made.
I mean, culturally we are super similar, but there is still a huge difference between Lapland and South Jutland
I think flat-earthers is the rarest, they dont get any kind of puplic recognition if they exist
Also I guess you can prohibit discrimination in certain contexts
Yes and no, we don’t really have mutch influence, but whenever we do somthing we scream out what we did
Swedes are stupid, don't listen to them
So ofcourse we're romanticiseing it
Kondolencer fra Danmark
Clearly definitive evidence right there
Please no
Swearing was odd in older subtitles - like how it was decided that "pikansjos" (dick anchovie) should be the standard Danish swear word in films even though it's very niche and seldom used in real life
English: I only understand train station
10kr
EDIT: Poland is not related to this story I just wanted to share.
The only part of it that I enjoyed even a little was at the very end where the main character almost dies in a plain crash, but even that is somehow wirtten in a way that takes away all the intensity of the situation
I intentionally left out Odense because it seemed like it has been under construction since forever
Instead of, say these three in the article.
Said the #1 dealer **and** addict.
Kraków is wonderful, really a place I wouldn't mind living in.
Thank you very much
In Denmark it’s still “Andersen, Jensen and Larsen” with just one s.
u/RepostSleuthbot
You're right, it is still very unhealthy and should be avoided
You can use "fint" in Danish too
It matters to the Syrian people, yes.
Hede = moor
I am a big supporter of Europe taking in refugees.
- We have a tendency to “settle” socially speaking, especially after a certain age
I think a more accurate translation for the Danish one would be: Hit two flies with one *smack
Yes, there are some old castle vibes there
>It is the task of the king and the countrys earls to watch judgments and to do justice and to save those who are being wronged, such as widows and helpless children, pilgrims and foreigners and the poor - those who are most often wronged, and to not let evil people who do not want to improve live in his land
That's a difficult question to answer.
This is totally blown out of proportion.
But yeah, generally speaking, we really use it more for personal celebrations (especially birthdays) than national ones.
Low German: Nothing
Fond memories going there as a kid
I never knew that, how is sounding Danish a business strategy
I must say, quite a large amount of these stories seem to be about Americans
also, sun, cheese, and bread makes any wine taste good
We just assume that's the case unless something stands out as "foreign".
None of the words are related to genitals
A huge percent of their customer base was Europeans from other countries where these sort of foods are expensive
Legos
A country that puts caraway seeds in their bread has nothing to offer to this conversation ;)
I can nemt husk back when it first blev sendt in the fjernsyn
>I don't think that many Europeans could honestly say that Asian countries have the same connection to them as another European country, like, I can't see anyone in Finland saying that Spain is culturally more distant than Iraq or Syria or Turkey or Morocco, even though the distance isn't far off
It is unreal
Legos
Luckily it never got further than that, but I'm unaware of how it became deescalated
Tokyo
There's also Lorteøen (Crap Island) for Amager, the small island that the easternmost part of Copenhagen is situated on, named because it was supposedly formed by rubbish and sewage from the city being dumped there.
Sometimes their language even looks like broken Danish
It's wild
Bendt BENDTSEN (Christian shill)
I don't think that Denmark would want to be a part of a unified europe if you look at how we voted at previous EU elections
It is from old Danish 'fyritiughu' which means four tens
The truth is cheap public housing areas is where immigrants and refugees gets concentrated.
Without any warning, in defiance of international treaty, the Swedish king ordered his troops to attack Denmark-Norway a second time
What kind of monster would eat them hole
Although mine was before those stats you linked so maybe it changed..
Danes do not hate Norwegians
i moved out just before i turned 19
r/Europe moment
In Denmark we also use the word ‘landet’ in the same sense and ‘udkandtsdanmark’ as a negative term, but it seems like people don’t agree on what area it specifies :p
Of course its more than a binary question, the problem is though that even though many have shown they don't like the direction we are moving we are still moving in that direction, whether we like it or not.
The only really good heating is in my room, which I don't use, since it's already very hot inside, with windows in my room open from the morning to afternoon
> I’d actually really like go to Eastern Europe sometime if I get the chance
The people i've met from those countries have been quite friendly
The Kingdom of Denmark
your hands might not be dirty but your pockets quite so:
Corfitz Ulfeldt married the kings daughter, got in a fight with the new king, his brother in law, defected to Sweden and helped them during the disastrous 1658 war that led to a loss of Scania
In the same vein, I like referring to Trump as the Immoral God-Emperor of 'Mruica
I support mandatory vaccinations with exceptions made for immun-compromised people and other similar cases where vaccinations are too dangerous
children in Denmark learn English from first grade now
It can change a lot from year to year that way
I'm also aware that through my grandfather, I'm related to a man who prosecuted so many witches, that he was 'honoured' in his local church, by having his name written on a bench with thanks for "service to the cross", so
Other southern Slavs think that they speak wierd, also Tito was half Croatian and half Slovenian.
The Danish limit is 80DKK :(
They're not even old-fashioned in the typical sense, since they weren't common with the older generations either
Russian culture was historically centred in what now is Ukraine and Southern Russia, around Moscow, [and it's also where most people live today] and if you look at this [map of Europe] if you see that brown-red colouring, that is all over Ukraine and Southern Russia, that represents the soil type called "chernozem" which means black soil, and is known as one of the most fertile soil types there is, and it's one of the regions that grow the most grain in the World
How about forcefully taking away children from their parents and move them to Denmark to teach them how to be "civilized people", and trying to extinguish the native language of Inuit?
Sounds about right, we lost our national self-confidence in 1864 (not that it was great after the Napoleonic wars)
* " Hvad du ikke ved af, har du ikke ondt af " (what you don't know you can't feel bad about) - "Just read the translation"
I second Utøya
I'm not saying Bergen doesn't matter or is uninteresting, but Oslo is clearly the cultural and political capital of Norway.
A frikadelle is usually made from pork, or sometimes a mix of pork and veal (and I guess sometimes turkey meat if you want to get all halal with it).
I thought a Dane of all people would know that the plural of LEGO is LEGO, not LEGOs
In Denmark it is english
Not Americans about an earthquake days ago that was completely unrelated
There is an appointed president and members from the national banks in the ECB..
So there's a whole lot of resentment towards the EU if you only get your news from e.g. the Daily Mail
Hah, yeah, countless times i've wondered, "why the hell is France declaring war on Denmark?".
government agency you can call will "take care of them" for free
labour market reforms work perfectly fine without it.
What do you have for lunch then
Sometimes it feels like it would just be easier if you just let us Nordics rule your goddamned countries
Proost mate, I'm currently at a bar having a few.
The coasts are nice tho
Ok, change of opinion, that guy should probably have been brought in too if we followed the same ideas that time.
That most people here say we are a Christian culture, our church and state isn't even separated, and yet our old Norse culture is recognized around most of the world, but no one here seems to recognize it as our true culture.
Danish is not that close to German as some tourists might believe, and our capital is not pronounced as such
I can work 7 or 0 days in a week, my choice
I love the balance
Most people who lives in the inner cities don't own trailers
I can confirm
And then the Pope moved to Avignon
We obviously learn Danish
It’s the length of a forearm and hand
Pølsebrød er opskåret så de kan bruges til at lægge en pølse i, hvilket gælder for en hotdog
But they are in Eurovision which is what really counts
"Tarm" - Intestine
99% sounds about right
Building a new one of the latter if necessary
Lovely city, lovely country
Interesting so the Croatian gouverment is essentially (allegedly) being protectionistic against Serbia out of spite?
I would love to have actual rights in this matter, like they are working on in the Czech Republic.
The Germans will have to sell their cars elsewhere and we'll have to sell our pork elsewhere
I don't know why the think they invented bread.
> Denmark in general
Small detail but definitely think it makes people pay less respect to the bike path
Melbourne is a bit of an outlier though
They dragged a child of a female human rights lawyer from thailand last year to make the poor mother confess.
No medical marijuana anywhere, but it's tolerated in the Netherlands(we call it Holland).
Cannon taxation is sound policy
Probably won't do it again
Suppose I had too much Risengrød.
Denmark losing its strongest ally against Brussels.
Oh now I get it
You know, the one where you took southern Denmark from us?
yay
I was under the impression that it was a lot more than 22, but it's still terrible
I've seen news stories from the US where people pay several tens of thousands in bail
Yes
You should try it
Just kidding, it was usually video games or football with friends
Though I'm sure cameras in recent years have accelerated any longer term trend or societal norm
I owe a 12-tal to that guy - I watched the entire series preparing for my oral exam in Danish history during my bachelor's.
Was basically the best part of my years there
Pretty much this
Worst water is in Copenhagen
Except the fact that both of our neighbours wanted to destroy us multiple times, and both came very close to succeeding at least once
For example, one (very nationalistic) girl basically threathend to have her dad "deal with me".
They recently forced a change in the danish law as well, branding some of the maternity leave parents share, to the father
American cultural influence on Europe is immense, and perhaps that's why we're so frustrated with your politics, because we can't really do anything about it, but it does affect us a great deal
Otherwise we generally dont interact
I've heard several "fuck"s and its variants at all times on publicly broadcast radio and tv, even during programmes aimed at kids/teenagers
I voted for the party which has a name that directly translates as "The left", but they're actually on the center right, because of the brilliant naming scheme of Danish parties
No doubt the US contribution was important, but the OP literally claims that a majority of Soviet Union material originated from lend lease, which is very far from the truth.
We do what the Germans do, as is tradition
Like in Danish we have the word partner too but no one uses it
Yes I'm aware, like I said, I'm a historian - it was also not the point of my post at all to debate the semantics of the different fires, nor whether or not what happened is tragic
Most people haven't noticed a difference in their lives *at all* or had *any* encounters or interactions with refugees whatsoever.
Ssshhh don't tell people about gyros and tzatziki it's our glorious secret
Scandinavia had a monetary union from a short while after the unification of Germany until WW1.
Much unlike the flat coastal 5 story endless asphalt human enclosure which I grew up in
Okay, I admit that skånska sounds ok I guess
No that's our pronunciation of words that's retarded, our language it self is pretty good
Wait until you see the one where they go to [South East
Having written it out, that doesn't look simple at all
We do send the worst trash from my country to Spain every year
Same for us
Wales:
This is not uncommon, in a few Nordic countries too
No more good beer for you then
I also sat right in the inner circle, at seat number 5
Was I the only one to see an old woman holding back a laugh with a gloved hand in the thumbnail
I was under the impression that it was a lot more than 22, but it's still terrible
That’s a whole lot of parties
I don't have the euro-sign on my 5-key on my keyboards
Snaps is a ceremonial thing at best
Products broke the law with misleading naming and/or imagery - like their strawberry cake without strawberries, and their employee treatment and management methods got the unions to bite their asses *hard*. Then, over the first year or two they got their shit together, and have become one of the better places to work (for supermarkets) and seem to have found their niche with as a discount brand with decent quality and in-house "bake it the last bit of the way" bakeries, that will happily make you eight fresh pretzels if you ask for it
Wasn't negotiations with Mexico recently moved up too?
More of a state of mind, really
I'm not some fucking yokel who's impressed by your shiny trinkets.
In Danish "Vælsk" is an ancient word for foreign but it only suvives in the word kaudervælsk meaning strange gibberish
It's such a huge problem that it's even part of our official teaching material - included in small texts they read, or lessons dedicated to learning how to ask Danish people to please speak to them in Danish
Pictures like this certainly don't help the Ukrainian cause.
blyat
But it’d be more appropriate to refer to them as towns
No, I completely understand
Kinda hard when we don't have the th-sounds
So kind of the opposite
If you mean smalltalk on the street, that is
Guðmundur Hálfdanarson)
Is this also the case the other way around
Im not sure the english like him so much
Or it well, speeds up the process, so you get through it faster
It wasn't meant as a jab at the English, I just knew that she lived in France for half of her life.
What are the richest areas of Russia and what are the poorest areas
I think he's telling her how he'd deal with those protesting retards if the meeting had been held in Russia, and she's rolling her eyes at the damn laws preventing her from doing that in Germany
I would also like to submit [Vafler]
>  Finland is geographically in Scandinavia¨
Many modern Chinese political terms, such as China Dream and National Rejuvenation are based on the premise of China rising from the ashes (warranted or not), due to them not being invincible or powerful
A national export is work your citizens do, which foreign citizens pay for
He feels murdered in his own skin because of what behaviour, exactly?
Tanks and missiles came rolling by, and i was confused because i then at least thought Santa would sit on one of the tanks
> I know the Danes sometimes call us mountain monkeys, "fjeldaber"
.. sorry
At least they're buried and not just stuck on poles
Most definitely
A little flimsy, sure, but not *bad*. I think every household has some ikea items
Also "Undskyl" = "Sorry" and "Tak" = "Thanks"
Not that commen, but still something you see now and then
Maybe you can find places that fits that in almost all countries in Europe - some countries has more or such areas than others
I just found an article from today, listing shootings in Malmø since the new-year (translated):
And the joy in the game that is universal
That's a city in Russia
Te quiero un huevo
Playing video games and DnD made it a piece of cake to learn English, also a lot of words are similar so
You should ask the people who live in the central US.
As a guy i have never felt scared walking in the middle of the night, but I do know that some of my girl friends have to follow each other to the closest spot for each of them out of fear
Well, they're doing Valhalla now
According to DMI, Odense had records of 2,5cm of snow in 2019, 11cm in 2018, 4cm in 2017 so your friends memory seems to be not so great haha
And when those small stock investments have payed of you can start dreaming a little bigger, maybe invest in something that isn't stocks, maybe just some bigger stocks
Or Barbie Girl by Aqua, or Lean On feat
We have English from the second year (this is a newer thing, I first had it as a subject in the fourth year) and German from the sixth, but we get German so late that most people (me included) never really catch on
I start loosing my mind a little bit in February and forget that is was ever nice and warm outside
I didn't read the question correctly
(Bakken)
I'm sure there is a good reason that Finnish showers have two drains but i refuse to believe it is actually specifically because of people being drunk in the shower
Honestly the American embassy in Copenhagen fits that description, its a block of concrete, no detail, nothing
Well with how high the tensions are the mods making sure that neither side spreads propaganda makes sense, as long as the mods stay neutral that is.
You can fly flags from the Nordics without permission
Lmao poo bear in the corner
There are many people that say they are Christian, and Atheists at the same time
Agree
I do not know how other countries choose their National bank director.
53%.
["an admixture of admiration, curiosity and displeasure"]
Lol we hiked that mountain on a boarding school trip
Voting blank is voting for fascism
". Honestly in the end I stopped telling people where I came from, it got so bad
Which word for them can I use safely around them or others, and which one will get people pissed at me
Thanks, that explains a lot about you.
> Nonetheless wood heating is a demanding way to heat your house which is why people prefer other methods
"Sæd" - Semen
How the mighty have fallen
> Have you noticed the blood red stream
Another good DK vs NO one:
I saw someone on facebook thinking it was to protect against Russia
Do they actually get any votes
I guess we kinda relate to them in a way to be honest
Personally I don't think being proud of something I didn't achieve makes much sense, but if you just mean it in "Why am I happy to live in Denmark?" then okay..
It's some weird inferior syndrome I guess, which might also apply to the stupid people, you have met
>Also, while we're at it, while googling for cool names we found Ganja on the list of popular scandinavian names
I use it everyday with family, friends and social media.
The only large states that don't have overwhelming tendencies towards single languages dominating are either recent or not very cohesive and fraught with infighting
Germany - Tyskland (German-country)
It simply hasn't been necessary until now.
Hungary or Bulgaria will probably be beacons of human rights and fiscal discipline compared to Serbia
Oh yeah, and the Canadarm
I don't even live in a cpuntry that speaks their language, yet somehow it drowns out my country's news
Just don't fall asleep in class
... what
You never really consider it aince why would they?
We used to do it every Wednesday, but now it is only the first Wednesday of May
Except Serbia, because they never experienced the reality of it
I mean if they are allowed to go that low how can people still be mad.
'Mink is kill'
I am in no way religious but i still pay the church tax
"Den Tjekkiske Republik" is never ever used.
I heard some guys (Danish) on the bus once, chatting to a couple of girls about how the people of Skåne (Scania, southern most province in Sweden), secretely want to be Danish again, and that every year on some date, the people of Skåne collect buckets of land in a symbolic attempt to return said land to the Danes
Neither are our other gender, which is called genderless
When I was in **Sweden** last time, one thing I really liked was how their cafés operated and how huge of a culture they seemed to have around just hanging out there
The Logistics & Supply-Chain Management from BSS is considered the best programme in that field in Denmark for example
(I've done Erasmus and an internship in Germany, currently doing my masters here as well)
For instance as pointed out by others it is far easier to unionise and there are fewer free press violations (See freedom house).
No no no no
I live in Vendsyssel and it's been so freaking long since we had a white christmas
If we keep dividing into smaller and smaller units we will have a hard time agreeing on anything.
Highways are also free for everyone in Denmark despite being a transport corridor between Europe and the North
There's something about how he pronounces his e's and the word "uddannelse" (and a few other sounds/words) that would sound a bit foreign to me even if I didn't know
We lost the battle, but has since regained the upper hand as we more or less completely ignore religion in daily life.
From my experience teaching Danish at the Danish learning Discord server, and experience from living here
Also about one million Americans fly to Copenhagen yearly
I feel like it always goes the same way
Salat, dressing and some chilisauce
It originated in Estonia why you ask?
Could definitely be the case here, for sure
I've found that my mates from france have had a really easy time learning the pronounciation of the words
Estonia should into nordic
(tre is 3)
I genuinely have a hard time thinking of all the consequences - probably the Nordics would have continued to be more internationally relevant, but England's importance would have been diminished
They have some *really* low home ownership rates because mortgage = debt
None, really
The entitlement I’m seeing all over Europe, as though migrants *deserve* citizenship; they *deserve* free healthcare and amazing social services and free housing and education and free money, **without lifting a fucking finger to adopt and better the society they’ve chosen
What he linked as proof reference to the trade going on was a wikipedia article about a deal ending in 1999
This one time, my great-great-grandfather, Rona's father, had stopped at a Norwegian dock to stock up on lard
Not to mention that you guys had some pretty damn fierce resistance
Bikes outnumber cars for the first time in Copenhagen
Misundelse is probably sometimes used about romantic feelings too, idk
Or we go back to old Norse
You understand that the 13% who don't agree with it are pretty much the 13% who practice it, so this is pretty much a scenario of a tyranny of the majority forcing their view on the minority?
Grammar - not that hard
the money inside the passport was gone too
Not this shit again
He seemed amazed too we were there
If there wasn't a demand, there wouldn't be a supply
Food is not great either
A corrupt, incompetent trainwreck.
" Yeah, well
I can literally just roll down from work on my bicycle.
On the other hand most of us had well payed student positions
Even when they fine you they're polite.
Out of curiosity could you explain the behavior
Danish has jalousi(noun)/jaloux(adverb) which is about personal and usual romantic feelings
The thought of the turks doing any sanctions lol
Nederlandene would probably be correct to use but on the maps it’s literally holland
" also seems more "serious" and intimate than "I love you
Facebook is poison
No, Dane born and raised
It can be hard to be on exchange, even if you are lucky to have attentive locals around you.
Check your confirmation bias, please.
When we learned about the Kalmar union and the Denmark-Norway union after that, we mainly focused on the good thing whereas the Swedish and the Norwegians tend to view it differently
So do we
We all know Swedish is elf language
They're from Skåne; calling Danish hard to grasp is a mere distraction
The courthouse in Copenhagen has "Med lov skal man land bygge" on its' Pediment
Pretty sure we have *some* blame in this mess as well
In denmarks 2nd largest city(Aarhus), theres like one 24 hour supermarket, so cities under 10000 will not have anything open(Exept macdonalds maybe).
Flying into the us I overheard one guy mumble to another "America is truly the land of fat asses
oh boi
This means that the retarded blue vs green bubble debate is practically nonexistent
they also earn less money than us, on avg
Between the chaos from dissolving Parliament and the damage from legalized corruption and thousands of freed criminals..
Is this a real ad
> do the spindles
, but even then, there is a pretty long history of intermingling
Couldn't they see we were just minding our own damn business
Most of the reports seems to suggest that the economy is going to level out more, but I'm curious to see where you have those numbers from
actually NOBODY dresses like that
Oh, i have no doubt about you hating him.
In a small country as Denmark, the middle of nowhere still exists
You're welcome
Ja der er sgu nok noget om snakken så.
"Clean" energy as a marketing stunt will likely be part of selecting the location.
The reason is that DK has been inhabited by the same people for many thousands of years, so that the dialects on two islands may have had millennia to diverge
I mean in the sense that we don't wish bad luck on Sweden and we don't want to beat up a Swede if we meet them in the streets
when learning German we have history in German class where we are taught German history in the German language
Arrogance and priggishness tend to be the corresponding failings of the urbanite
Spoiler alert, it didn’t work and the point about not being able to legally restrict specific types of cartoons fell on deaf ears
thats because your entire country has been celebrating my birthday a day late, this entire time
No clue where they got the info from, but people around Horsens and Vejle don't fucking speak 'vestjysk'.
Hi, My name is John, it is nice to meet you, where are you from
It is the fault of no one but those who passed the discriminatory law.
Lukas Graham, presumably most known for [7 Years]
It's kinda funny
Theres a way for non citizens to get it, I think you have to work 10 hours a week but I could be wrong
**Germany** deserves mad respect for how the evolved as a country post-WW2
Seeing "there's plenty of time before that car gets here, so it's safe to cross the street now" is only the first part of the equation.
Regional GDP is measured by dividing production with the number of inhabitants
The sooner we can nip that bug in the butt the better
I suppose the real question is why they have statues of the guy in the first place, no why they didn't remove them due to hashtag campaigns
Keep up hope
Maybe we'll see eachother again
I didn't say that's how i personally felt and it isn't.
Except that Häagen-Dazs in no way sounds Danish
as is a potential problem with every country on the planet) is the claim that Swiss people are supposedly rude
And even putting that aside, the culture with these young german leftie types in Berlin, you can't seriously deny that this is much further from traditional German culture than as you'd see it in Bayern, or even much of Eastern germany, or even just any small-medium sized town anywhere in western Germany
Occasionally throwing a Margrethe Vestager into the mix
The Danish party is also called Socialdemokraterne just as in Sweden.
Just sayin’
also Hagelslag
I think my country is probably 50/50
How is it discrimination to not give her citizenship?
Well
Feel like this SATW-comic is obligatory in this regard.
Our nations are mortal enemies
But what drove the desire to hold the referendum in the first place?
As is our abandonment of them
Where we live, we have excellent separate bike lanes/paths some places, but (maybe) because of that, the municipality sort of thinks they don't need to do anything other places
In your culture, what feels illegal even though it technically isn’t?
~~Hardeknud is considered a lengendary king by most people~~
It was strange every time to say the least
I'm not sure why they changed it
Like this :-)
You can also buy 70cl offbrand snaps for around 50-55 DKK.
In Denmark, bikes are incredibly varied
I think your technically right according to the dictionary.
They are unaccountable to the electorate
000-35
It is just a photo with a filter applied
raise taxes to 75% for the rich?
*Austrian
Is it worth attempting to learn Polish to be able to read it?
Politics are complicated
"Tis just a small one"
They just show what she said
Thats why its a nice option, as in you dont have to, but you can
See Utrecht, Netherlands for an example of how a city center can be reclaimed for pedestrians/cyclists
I always forget about them
It’s the exact same in Danish, as with so many other things
Rasmus Paludan
That's it
Some other Danes have to accept the blame for those.
I lended a book in the library
so many people are terrible idiotic morons behind a wheel
Was basically the best part of my years there
We haven't. It's a false impression
It's also a massive hassle for British expats living in the EU, Which have to go through citizenship tests, now
Its usually things like a slight difference in underlying skin tones, eyes or height, combined with fashion/style
Every Germanic languages that isn't English has Johannes
I’ve been having this problem in a kinda twisted way
Uhh a swede, let’s rally against the swedes
This is so going to be the embarrassing story at my wedding: when I was kid, I thought the same
Why do you check so quick, Swede?
That's still a far away ambition, for now I remain skeptical.
It was a crazy year for the weather
War between the US and China, for example, is in no ones interest, even if you don't consider the potential of nuclear war, because of the way both countries economies relies on each other
The second example builds on the idea that this genetic difference causes all Arabs\* to be somehow mentally / morally inferior (in this case more violent), which is considered obvious within racist ideology, but for which there is no evidence
That would exclude practically all Scandinavian and Centraleuropean countries, while also making places like Tunis European
Please tell me how you filter things
yes DF, the disgusting populists who called Brussels a rats nest as a response to the scandal about their golden boy Morten Messerschmidt who used EU funds for illegal purposes.
Is deadpan common on your side of the pond, though
Indo-european people were just some of the people that migrated to Europe
Why is that chart missing multiple members?
It is something that happened 7 years ago, yet is being brought up here all of the sudden, despite the fact that there hasn't been any fundamentally new developments to this case
You are not really answering the question when enough will be enough about how the member states can be asked to pay to EU
We're not hermits, we exist as part of a larger society.
sometimes I don't even know what I am saying myself
How about regional news from western Jutland here in Denmark?
etc
Me neither
This honestly just feels like political propaganda meant to frame a political group as victims, in order to garner support for their radical ideology
Swedish
That just sounds like the typical "my culture is bland because I'm used to it", which pretty much everyone has to some extent
>Picture of a child
Please get you're shit together we need you.
Society's views on things change
Also I think it's worth mentioning that many of the parts of the cathedral themselves aren't **that** old, as it was restored "recently" in the 19th century
Colosseum
One in Taastrup, Gentofte, Odense, Aarhus and Aalborg
dk] covers [it
I used to do it before I got my motorcycle.
That Denmark isn’t Disney land or a theme park
DR 1, which is the main tv-channel of the public-service Danish Broadcasting Corporation
is 134,36 €. Now that our banks have negative interest on savings, I think a lot of people are seriously considering taking money out of the banks and storing them in cash
The Bradenburg gate is a meme monument.
Sibling hate ya know
but I can't think of any black neighborhoods etc.
Dumbass me was focusing on the red lights atop the buildings and COMPLETELY missed the 10's of thousands of people in the street
And it has to stop, so they can have a future without being/feeling blamed for the past
Well, my view has changed a bit over the years.
People don't say it to family in my experience.
A lot of tanks vs
Most buildings, most streets, most people etc
I feel like Faroese/Icelandic-speakers get the best deal in terms of Germanic-language comprehension
I started to think there was something wrong with me, that maybe there was some deeper layer to it I wasn't getting
We've lumped them together
Once I was standing in line at my university's cantine and one of the dishes on the menu that day were tarteletter
I've visited the petrified forest in Arizona, but that is very different from this
I did struggle with putting out a comprenhesible sentence I must admit
Also used to and use to
There's nothing special about Americans in that regard.
How easy would it be for a non-russian speaker to go there and travel about for a couple of days?
You can keep doing that for a long long time, and as long as inflation and GDP growth stabilizes or reduces the dept/GDP level it is no big problem.
BUT please do not forget the extreme generosity on the American side.
Yeah this sounds right
It's not something we generally ask about or comment on.
Huh, that's weird
If the list is pre-given, the headline is streching the truth
Greece is not perfect, but have made significant savings.
But you would have, if not for the Soviet Union and the US.
We were THIS close to being a superpower
I thought it was referring to a famine, like under the Soviets or something
That's how much of an impact we had on the era.
The beer was good, and the atmosphere was awesome, and the bartender greeted us by name after a few visits
Even if they can't join the EU (which I wouldn't rule out, because the entire point in a referendum is that England would recognize the partition), they can seek one of the countless "almost-member" arrangements that the EU has with quite a few countries.
The litteral translation is 'lift machine'.
Extremely confusing and it was a big meme for a while
It doesn't matter who you are fighting.
I see you know what's up
If the UK was given a favorable deal of getting to not follow the same rules/regulations as the rest of the EU, while still enjoying the benefits (and thus gaining an unfair advantage effectively)
Leaving you with a maximum of 3500kr each month to put away for unforeseeable expenses and larger bills (dentist, new bike, whatever), as well as just money for regular things like clothes and Netflix and whatever
My grandfather used to answer the phone with his full name and jobtitle
Luckily not in forum, but to my friends during break
But it's muh freedom, you can't expect a doctor to help you if you are in need
Since then there has been screwup and shithandling galore from this party.
They are individual countries and that means searching and applying for work/residence permits happens on national level.
I'm *really* starting to like the Belgians.
I don't know if you can say there is one for changing the constitution, but if you want to do that, then you need have a majority in the parliament, then call for a new election, have another majority and then the Danish public needs to approve it with a simple majority, but a 40 % turnout is needed for the vote to pass.
Where the crows turn back is also used here
Two people representing an universal truth:
I grew up around Silkeborg, and we only visited them on Langeland once every summer
In the meanwhile, we should have a restrictive immigration policy and an active integration policy which handles the roots of the problems we are seeing in local communities
The vast majority of the country only became Russophone in the last few centuries, if at all, do dialects haven't really had time to diverge
A moderate republican (who is actually a successfull Business man and Christian), might be something they are looking for
I agree with you there, then
There are two doors between that room and the living room, so if you're even slightly discrete you should be able to have a lot of mutual joy without waking the whole house
Is Ireland still a poor country
, which is 0
But some Americans seem to feel that "Socialist" basically means "has a government which provides some kind of social safety net for its citizens".
yeah staying home is an option, but that seems to be asking a lot of women politicians.
This is heartwarming, tak svensker
Or you could just give me some examples?
Dont you have good blow in Poland?
100 years ago, many of those other buildings everyone likes were modern
Mate stop, this is getting creepy.
More importantly is that it's consisting of a lot of islands with jungles, mountains and other kind of tough terrain, that are spread out over a vast distance, there are over 5000 km between the westernmost and easternmost point of Indonesia
I feel sorry for the Brits that have to share a country with you.
Norwegian: Nettbrett
IDK what the forecast was, but those numbers seem far from impressive.
Keep in mind that over many years, Sønderjysk have had a stronger germanic influence, whereas Vestjysk kept closer ties to West norse
" (hullo/hey)
Sure, they have areas with mountains that dwarf any other mountain in the world, [but significant parts of the country are less than a 100 metres above sealine] and many parts of the country [are comparable to Spain in terms of height] and [guess where most people live
Hamon, Macron are all to left wing to me, and Le Pen way to much to the right so it's the perfect compromise to me.
Ronal Barbaren (Ronal the Barbarian)
Now all their troubles have not been in vain
Don't know if that's catalan though
But for the weather thing, it can get colder than that in Denmark (makes sense) but it’s usually around the -1 C to (at the coldest) -10 C in the winter and fall months
EDIT: and the entire agriculture business
In Danish it fucking rhymes
I believe you just have to get mandates at "regionsvalget" as the bare minimum to be qualified as a politician, or you have to be part of a political group, who got a mandate
Yeah they don’t want 20 kids and they don’t want condoms
Personally I started asking my kids is they wanted to share a beer with me when they were 12-13 years old, and when they reached partying age around 15 I sat down with them on a weekend and got them tipsy, just so they knew how it felt and what to look out for
Then we went to war and promptly lost a third of the country to Germany, which kind of put an end to that)
It doesn't specify it applies for Greenland and the Faroe Islands
We do have "den" which is either gender but it's often seen as rude to use about people
My parents would speak English to each other when they were trying to hide something from me and my siblings
Whenever they go on a donation drive I kinda think about how damn much I actually use Wikipedia, and throw them a few bucks
That bike lane seems really unsafe
How does it work in parliament are everybody just free to speak the language they like?
So if the US was to implement the Nordic model, you need the full package
Happiness, windmills, ships and fighting poverty.
A very funny movie if you can embrace the crass humor
A story about normal girl (Mette) who grows up to be a party girl and sleeps a different place every day
I live like 100 meters from the birthplace and childhome of Denmarks most famous writer, Hans Christian Andersen, and i have never stepped foot inside
Yeah, it's a ridiculously good deal.
Isn't 4th of May the celebration of the liberation of NL though
Of course there are Europeans that support right-wing movements, just as there are ones who support left-wing ones.
Thats propably true
and then I'm just wtf is wrong with my native language it's just horrible
See [this song] for Nordmenn who seem to be very proud of that fact
If their costs are ridiculously low by using a Slovakian branch, obviously that means drivers are paid badly.
They certainly aren't happy that they're in the Netherlands.
I guess years and years of bullying the Swedes has come back to haunt us
I am coming up short on finding the comic or the story though :-/
I guess the "Do you have a knife on you
Sure, but it also takes more than a few migrant boats to conquer France
Ich verstehen nicht das grammar
What I don't understand is the thought process behind dedicating a playground to the holocaust.
It seems like they don't have the faintest idea about what or with whom he is discussing.
Varg Veum is a surprisingly good show, for anyone who's curious.
Sure
He got thrown in jail in Italy for murdering 20000 christians
And it’s really cute too
Nah, Denmark and the nature here can be lovely
Sickness doesn't care about how many sick days you have
I can kind of see where it comes from.
And we thought so, too, until we visited them
Well
... you just posted /s
Why does Austria have several ministries for women?
Perhaps it just happens that my family and circle of friends don't like Gammel Dansk but it is popular with other people :)
The tech industry should allow for non-speakers ofDanish, a lot of the bigger firms have English as their lingua franca.
Fair enough, if those are the criteria we set, then I agree
A lot of the “evidence” are from the Christian crusaders, especially descriptions of Norse mythology
but
I've seen people say they don't want to pay for someone else's surgery or whatever
16 year old girl wants to blow up a Jewish school.
Oh, didnt even notice, haha, thats one year on reddit for me lol
English - 100%
It could be defined as a refugee housing camp.
You could add German and Spain as well
I would, but it is hard when working on such a scale
Its political processes were designed for when there were 15-20 member countries, and it's proving difficult to scale up.
It's often said in Denmark, that Norwegian is Danish, but you type how the word actually sounds
And where do you draw the line?
We'll see how Indyref 2 goes in a year or three
Then they turned to their friends and said something, after which the cashier demanded *they* show ID as well, since they were with the people buying the alcohol
These people who commenting like “Armenia is in Europe” do not even know what they are defending for
Our school threatened us to stop our tradition of violence against the first yearers, it sucks ass
I think on average, there's about a 20% chance of a white Christmas here
**Svend Tveskæg** (Sweyn Forkbeard, son of Harald Bluetooth and father of Cnut the Great)
In Denmark we call them Berliner pfannkuchen
This just opens up for so many more questions though
Where does Europe stop then
I'd say that at least 3 out of my top 10 best movies of all time are German
In geography we don't really learn about all the different countries, cities, and rivers
No and no
It would be amazing if we absolved nation states and just worked together in one big FN.
Most of it is just fields, and flat areas
Kursachsen is the direct predecessor of the state of Saxony, and you need only [skim the Wikipedia article] to confirm as much
We have a modern art museum (AROS), which is a very cool place, it takes a lot of hours to see it all.
That kind of damage
> Im pretty sure a lot of gun shot wounds gets unreported
Then use that brain of yours to put two and two together.
Would be damaging in places with alot of business/jobs.
And I know that some might think that that’s just teenage stupidity at work
Do you also go to a concert and criticise the orchestra for playing more complex music, than what most people know how to play or compose
I think I made it very clear that I believe it's very tragic
Same and I'm 43
Sprinkles
All the time
Bah, we drink more coffee than you guys, so go away with your coffee with milk.
”. Kæ-ruh-stuh
It is discriminating against men for obvious reasons - they might not get a job which they were more qualified for
There are currently 18 judges
However, the way I see it is that the law itself is discriminatory against both men and women
I would love to migrate to Amsterdam one day
What good is a societal law if it severely limits what an individual can to do defend him/herself and fight back?
My comment was mostly to the original question, that people think French was only spoken in France
I have a friend who has said the same
Haha, in Denmark "Royal Copenhagen" is our "national" brand of porcelain - [
To be fair, just because you're not part of the EU, doesn't mean you can no longer import or export EU goods, or that it would necessarily become more expensive for you to do so
(Or whatever your nationality is.)" etc.
then punch in some pro-migrant rhetoric from the people who cut the support to the youth
As is tradition
Time for sanctions
And if I were far enough to the right politically, I'd obviously feel just great about a government that does fuck all for its poorest.
Yeah, no, being on American soil does not make you a native either, despite the weird amount of Americans claiming their 1/258th cherokee ancestry makes them so.
I don't know if it's depends on the teacher  as well, but the Stone Age and Bronze Age are also taught in school, primarily focusing on the periods in a Danish context
In my experience karaoke isn't very popular here
As it allways has been whether you want it or not
> your prime minister
~25-30 euro if i recall
Now theres another problem with climate change
But the french ones are more exclusive to Denmark
Not that much better than Aarhus for instance
The suicide rates were 3-5 times higher then than they are now.
" That's what they say
Or just a "Hey
We had 32-36 students in my class until 9th grade where it dropped to 19
Constant warring with France to the west, Poland/whoever happens to rule Poland to the east and the whole papal situation to the south
Thanks
But, if you want to make a list that doesn't count countries within the kingdom, then I agree
Apparently the window has been closed three times in total since the building was made, and every time the building has caught on fire and caused a lot of damage in the area by the fire spreading
He’s been hosting “demonstrations” where he goes around Copenhagen and burns the Quran
And a Lot of us thinks Brexit is a good idea
I literally don't see any "nazis" in this thread at all, and I've browsed for a damn while now
They are the prime example of owning up to your mistakes and actively trying to be better for it
*** As y'all like them
They almost always feel like the wrong one and that it should be the other
Especially since the guns we can't have as sports shooters here, are completely normal hunting equipment in our neighboring countries.
It was just a guess really
(that only happened in Valletta)
Aftalen skal endvidere indgås med samtykke fra Folketinget
I will take a sweater and shorts any day over T-shirt and Jeans
Reading /r/europe you might think that Europe is drowning in refugees and rapes, but that is far from the truth.
Would you ever visit the Caribbean country San Escobar?
I can't tell if you're joking...
Honestly, I never would have belived it if he didn't look so surprisingly wellgroomed and clean for a Guy attending Roskilde, and if he hadn't had a little posse of sober looking people with him that seemed to be checking the surroundings alot
Much less and thank god for that, wouldn't want my country ripping itself apart every election...
sure
A newt and a salamander are also both just called "salamander" in Danish
Yes, like I said, it makes no sense, that Norwegians don't use the Danish/Scandinavian version
Easy solution, everyone below Finland gets cut from the program.
I have never noticed a difference besides the word for *window* and that is *fönster* in Swedish but *vindue* in Danisch (and I think Norwegian)
I got so much shit for being from Jylland while living there, it's honestly what drove me to move away from Cph again
They just stored and sold shitton of data and made it their actual main business
Margrete 1
Also the hot springs are fucking amazing.
D-A-D were great
Its ugly, its tacky and theres no need to advertise for a brand that tou paid so much money for
And when we account for differences in population size we get:
[And if the Scots decide to stay, then we even have a wall.]
Aight, that tripped me up a bit
It's probably humorous "hate" (surprisingly) lost on the Dutchman.
European cars are becoming increasingly automatic as well, party because of rising demand for automatics in Europe and decreasing costs
This is the kind of thinking that led to the annexation of the Czechs.
I'm pretty sure we ran out of yeast in quite recent history where we got offered supplies (yeast) by Norway
Yeeeeah we kinda did the small brain right there
Edit: You can also use it to tell the time, when the sun is at it's highest
Not my country, but I did live there for a while in the early 90s so
Well in that case the blue region is right!
So for instance it is also to have a combination of a heat exchanger and a wood stove
What made you fall in love
I'd say Danes typically operate with two different meanings of "middle of nowhere". Most of the time it really means "far from anything of note", and you could be surrounded by farms and it'd still be called *midden af ingenting*. That said, there are some places which are truly desolate
We know of several kings before his real life counterpart King Sigurd/Sigfred
Not until DR
Siger man mojn på finlandssvenska?
True I may be biased as someone that has travelled all around the balkans, but I grew up hearing stories from my father how they traveled to Croatia every summer and that things in Titos Yugoslavia weren't that bad.
You literally did not mention anything about the difference between the two - instead to ridiculed the idea that Nøkken might be wearing a suit by comparing it to saying Santa Claus might wear blue overalls - if you feel like what you did was compare the two yet say "both versions are still equally valid" I suggest rereading your messages and see how they might be read by someone, not in your mind
Pony or nothing
Interesting
Well currently Denmark needs a third and a fourth wave as well to get even somewhat close to Swedens deaths per capita
Many Brexiters are the complete opposite and are pro-globalisation
I had the same perception about French until, on a vacation, my dad asked me what language I thought the table next to us were speaking
If you for example go to [one of the biggest snus sites online,] it will inform you that you need to switch to the EU site
Doesn't mean that all DF politicians are traitors, though.
Local legend is that the building he was killed in was placed where Niels Ebbesenshuset is now, and the room where he was killed is the one the window is open in
There are several radio towers taller than the pylons, the tallest being in [Rø] at 413 meters compared to the pylons' 254 meters.
We'd probably just drink too much beer at once, puke and then collapse
What does pro-labour even mean
Tbf i've only experienced it with Americans and one English lady
En aftale mellem Naalakkersuisut og regeringen om gennemførelse af selvstændighed for Grønland skal indgås med samtykke fra Inatsisartut og skal godkendes ved en folkeafstemning i Grønland
I agree with Bornholm
1969
Everybody else is "dis"
Of course they have the legal right, but you're still going out of your way to silence them.
There's a lot of magic
I'm talking about the kinds of wounds you see when you search for gun wound in google images
Without NATO France is threatened by Algerian expansionism now?
Theoretically that makes the game fair again, as everybody chooses between Well, Paper and Scissor so there are only three choices like in the beginning
Pet, Moscow etc) looks very beautiful
It does not, however, fit well with any idea of a sudden depopulation prior to, or during, the invasion
People in the UK are currently looking at having to pay 2
Though true, that's also the case for cities like Hamburg or Köln
The tradition started soon efter that every year on  the 4th
Interplanetære fribytter
Gustav Vasa cleverly used this in a propaganda effort against Denmark to rally support for his cause and to this day they still believe it in Sweden, which is somewhat annoying
or you know be a tv crew from australia
If people for whatever reason feel a need to guess when these things happen, they're just going for the best bet tbh.
Pet, Moscow etc) looks very beautiful
Some people have a lighter bike, some have a heavier one
But in the last 15 years they have closed 20% of our schools, mostly in the small towns
USD 8,000-21,000 / Euro 6,000-16,000 (DKK 45,000-120,000)
And some how with handgestures make people understand I need a toilet if I was in Germany
caramelized crabs and a building shaped like ship
It does not only depend on the temperature
Non of the cities are named after these things
I don't think Denmark would necessarily win it big, but it's an official sport in France and I want it to get more recognition
Very unlikely but probably Sønderjylland which was part of Germany until 1920
Væske (Danish) = liquid
It'd be pretty fucking sweet to have the royal houses united, I can agree to that.
&#x200B;
Are you trying to mock my nation
If russia wins, technicly asia is the biggest winner of the World cup ;)
I dunno why, but you give me this urge to stuff you into a freezerbox and silence you for the world
When taking my masters in Skandinavistik, I had a Swedish professor who off-hand mentioned how we call him Christian den Gode
I just checked apartment rent prices for Roskilde, though, and on both sites, I used they are no lower than the ones in Hvidovre (sometimes higher, even)
First the Ikea then Skåne
Not just English, it irritates me that most languages don’t have a gender-neutral and uncomplicated word for boyfriend/girlfriend
to "explain" things in other parts of the world when in fact it's USA that has an extremely unusual and special history
That's an amazing word
Exactly
My english teacher, when I went to my efterskole, was british
And also, something people in these threads never seem to talk about
If I find it I will def get back to you.
Also I recently heard the Russian expression "Ispansky stid" = Spanish shame
EDIT: the song det bedste til mig og mine venner is my favorite from Gasolin
You get it automatically from birth
I'm atheist myself and it annoys the heck out of me
You should visit the danish regions of Skåne, Blekinge, and Halland, quite close to sweden.
Hence why anti-capitalism is a necessity for socialist positions
***U N S T O P P A B L E***
It's miserable and I'm sticky
> and the fact that we heat up olive oil and onion in the pot before cooking rice by default
In most western countries, muslims typically don't give a shit that you're gay, or that you're ex-muslim.
[Someone said Euro English]
I like the idea - but 99% of my fellow Danes would probably wonder why anybody would want to carry cash
I went there once for the novelty, and then again because the kids wanted to try it too
Have you heard yourself haha
Calling it yoghurt is a sin
I am talking about economical emancipation, meaning freedom from economical exploitation
If they remain loyal as in Venezuela, nothing happens
I have a massive danish flag hanging on my wall in my room
I think it is more likely Skåne would voluntarily join Denmark.
Now, languages evolve and change, and take on new forms again, incorporate loan-words, expell archaic terms, grammar changes and so does pronunciation
If people keep reading CNN what is their incentive to not get sloppy.
It's my favorite mode of transportation
Hi my name is John it is a pleasure to meet you
Snaps and it tastes awful
**Eastern Jutland:** Kinda like Zealand, but with an accent
Netherlands for football, and Sweden second
There's still a lot Denmark could and should do to help particularly Greenland, but cutting off the stream of money we're giving them won't solve that
The movie Basketball Diaries was "translated" to The Streets of New York in Denmark
It's just an unspoken rule that if the door is closed, knock
Middelfart would "Average speed"
While the notes themselves get longer and longer, why does it not start with the shortest bridge for the 50kr note and then use longer and longer bridges as you go up in value
Is it half-trice or half third
All the movies you mentioned are great, but this one is the most is the one that left the biggest impression with me
lauhgs in like 10-20 different dialects/languges despite having a population of only 5
USA in the flair
There's no legal age for consuming
I worry about europe in general but specifically France
You'll find an incredible amount of Danish words in the English language from when the country was almost ours.
Cooking is also curriculum in Denmark, I’ve said this on the sub before and France, Spain and Italy freaked out
From my experience driving around Iceland in June last year, Icelanders are happy to drive 100 kph and above on the roads that have the 90 kph speed limit
It’s also a bit of a shock for foreigners moving here
So we usually cheer for Swedes and Norwegians whenever we don't participate or qualify in snow sports
Except for perhaps the trade negotiations which certainly improves all of our chances to get free trade agreements on an international level
The 2015 election was a record for them, and a major contributor to giving the 4 parties the overwhelming 91/89 majority in parliament.
The Danish language
So if Germany and France went to war again, the UK, Spain, Italy, Denmark, Poland, Austria, NL, Belgium etc.
Especially the last one is critical
Amsterdam was quite overcrowded the two times I've visited the city
If Spain is better, you have more friends there, and you've spent most of your life in Spain, why would you prefer the Romanian citizenship over the Spanish one
this is especially common among people on their phones a lot, as phone autocorrect doesn't seem to know that the nouns have to be together
FAXE KONDI
you can say "it's 8 o'clock in the evening" or "it's 20 o'clock"
>  l'hombre, how do you play it
It’s probably peter Madsen
It sounds very clinical and is often seen as dehumanizing, or like you're describing a species of animals.
But Bihor is also very close to the Hungary itself, and Oradea was almost 50-50 just a decade ago, I don't know if that can maybe have had some influence on how well people knew Hungarian, compared to Cluj
Enig "der lugter af bæ" "jeg har aldrig set en ko"
Just to be clear, you are referring to the ad, not Christmas.
You're arguing only partly within the fields I am arguing within, hence we're talking around each other
Whereas the old NY WTC buildings 1 and 2 were pure boxy international style modernism
I'm not looking forward to July
Well if we can have the south of Sweden back we will be self sufficient in weather
I can't say it would translate well into the American context
What where did you get that from?
Also, 50 bollards isn't all they'd need going by that logic.
This means that as a part of maintaining the social status-quo, it is important the ideology; it politically confuses the exploited groups of society via what sociologists call false consciousness
Denmark is hygge and good things in a small package, not frost bites or dangerous animals, lol
The language also have a lot of similarities (not enough to understand the spoken version, but you can read some).
Between 1951 and 1984 4
EDIT: and the entire agriculture business
The German and Dutch is pretty difficult
I've never heard anyone say that in real life.
This accounts for a large portion of Spain's alleged income, for example
Hell would break loose
You´re from Sweden and you dont mention like 3-4 Abba songs that fit that criteria
You mean danegeld
The fence isn't going across roads
Then you'll probably see us leaving in a heartbeat.
Honestly, I just don't think we are a country that's represented much in foreign media, haha
I will get the Russians for old times sake.
Of course, as any person should do, be polite
I recall a comparison of teachers salary.
I'm surprised it's not for free to go to your GP in Sweden like in Denmark
I live in Varde
I obviously still wash myself morning and evening, but I will only shower when my hair feels dirty
No, none of it is a loan
/r/BuildItForLife
Thank you for the explanation
He choose to come so it's on him to make the effort, the Swiss didn't force you're father to move.
I didn't know that Denmark had the 4th longest coastline in the world (when counting Greenland and the Faroe Islands)
Why did you hate Obama so much?
I avoid /r/all like the plague, but those themes get into so many unrelated subreddits as well: hobby subs full of "Look what I made for St
The Crown but with the Danish Royal Family
However, Notre Dame is burning
those were the most popular from that time that people still love today:)
That's the only time I do it too
German: Understand every other sentence or so, not as easy as Swedish though
It's not like millions of Englishmen will be sneaking across the border to get EU residency.
That's pretty accurate in the UK as well:
Danish pastries are called wienerbrød (viennese bread) in Danish because of the Austrian bakers that introduced and popularized the baking techniques
I agree with you there, then
*No
We have neutral and common gender
Only on Fyn
Usually in larger gatherings but for smaller parties kids usually sit with their parents
Always found it so weird how most people dump them in the koldskål
Looks like an Austrian version of r/dankmark or r/DANMAG
Could not find it
If, however, the other parent is French or Austrian, there are usually no questions asked
Here in Denmark it's very normal for our public school to give out iPads to it's student.
650 Euro as a set amount for having a job.
From the discussions I've seen (It's been asked in /r/AskEurope etc.
Edit: But to answer the question: We often say "hvorfor helvede skal man betale for at parkere her
I never had any issue with McCain or Romeny
As a comparison, society will help you if you're jobless, but it's a requirement that you're actively seeking employment
But not putting on hijabs in Iran is illegal.
If they fail to pass anything they are kicked out on April 12th
I don't know if they would understand my Spanish in Italy
That does explain the otherwise silly phaseout of the carbon neutral nuclear plants
the pH scale as well
IIRC we have the most vowel sounds of any language in the world, though not the highest amount of sounds
I guess I use it a couple of times a year.
No, of course not :)
When we are not calling it Swede-hair, it is referred to as Bundesliga-hair
I thought Sweden had signed the Chemical Weapons Convention
That's a lot of real fake doors
He looks like the type of guy who would do that
This looks gorgeous
The EU, being a trade organization primarily, is naturally pro economy and therefore pro trade-with-russia.
I want to go here now
I went there on holiday a while back
And did you get measured when you went?
That's fine, we'll throw you in jail for a bit and try to hopefully rehabilitate you.
I don’t know why it’s so acceptable because it’s definitely not in other situations
Dumber than dirt, that guy
5 billion (62
Unless you move because of romantic reasons or a job offer, or because you don't like how Scandinavia is, most of us see going abroad as an adventure, whereas in some other countries (I assume) it's something that's necessary
Southern and mid - Sjællændere are more reserved in my experience, though Jutes are very nice people
In Danish as well: "Drage"
This is like 2 weeks old now, apparently he had food stamps, condoms, rolling paper in his wallet.
* Denmark proper
We do the same in Denmark
That is correct
Burning Dannebrog is the proper way to get rid of it when it is damaged/old.
The worst thing is that if you mention that US education sucks ass, half the americans on this site goes straight to "BEST UNIVERSITIES IN THE WORLD".
You take Danish class
What's the registration tax on cars in Albania?
Executive authority shall be vested in the King
I would love to see the deputed territories getting referendums
This could lead back to “janteloven”, here it’s almost considered rude to call someone out by last name, bc it would almost certainly be to make fun of someone
> There has been a pretty strong independence/republican movement ever since the early 20th century
Plenty of restaurants sell it as part of their menu, though
Movies like "Rejsen til Saturn" and "Terkel i Knibe" were really popular when they came out
It's free one day a week, btw, and you just go in there and walk between statues and layers of history
I am saying that in the broadest meaning of the word 'liberalism' I am opposed to that certain ideological direction
A *døgn* is 24 hour (day and night)
A shame really, since the food will just be wasted
[Rest voted no
Let's say, can Romanians understand Italians?
You're sad that you won't see your friends on the regular anymore, yet you're happy that you're sad about this - you had good times after all, and you wish the best for all of them
I would write æ a bit like this in handwriting: œ.
It's a very domesticated continent.
That's hardly their goal so I doubt they'd see it as a "win".
As well as chocolate buns vs [raisin buns]
Too big
**Sweden**
Autonomic cars might make that a reality
In Sweden “frukost” is breakfast, that caused a few confusions
We’re just like “if it rains on your birthday it means you’ve been a horrible person”.
The situation could get out of hand pretty quickly, and when the snowball first starts rolling it will be difficult to stop.
I like this reply
However, "people should have a right to self determination
Suggest we start speaking Norwegian
Same with suicide bombers, they take the easy way out.
What Snowden did does not qualify as Treason.
In Denmark our sirens are tested once a year
All the talk about integration being a two way street is in my opinion nonsense, there is a reason people immigrate from the Middle East to Europe and not the other way around and it's because our culture has shown to be a big part of the success that Europe is.
Oh no surely
Your word for ice cream for example
Or else it's just the best suited glass for the beer
That diet, vitamins and/or oils can cure (almost) all diseases/illnesses
What "mass migration of Muslims" is this?
We had a 16/17 years exchange student from France over as well
Better have it in a private hospital than the basement of a church
That's the correct name of this particular numerical value, regardless of how it's written.
Yes Copenhagen is getting full of Hipsters and Swedes it is unfortunate.
I am so extremely happy for the community to have developed the way it has
Which is why inequality isn't inherently bad.
WHAT DID THE ROMANS EVER DO FOR US
MERKEL will not be intimidated
"Grabbed woman's breasts"
They are kept in the fridge in the shops too
Our prime minister called the idea absurd
There isn't really an analog here either.
I believe several European countries have the same dates for these events, since the Germans retreated at around the same time
How did I Justify it
I wished I could stay at home, but my boss seems paranoid about having to close down
Yep, it's because KODA is also responsible for the licensing of a lot of foreign songs when they are being played in Denmark
EDIT: [Example video]
just after we are done getting ourselves stupidly drunk
Yes, it would
Those of you who've been here for many years, and those who joined just now
tl;dr: I only go fishing, about 10-12 times a year, but mainly in spring and summer, it's pretty common to have tried to fish but maybe not to do it very often.
I'm just thinking out loud here, but I'd argue that this idea that your nationality or lineage is supposed to be *descriptive* of you is itself a very American thing.
Countries like Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Ireland and UK will probably never reach 40 degrees, there's simply to much coastline to cool the air
He made it all the way to a fancy restaurant without realizing his view of the country was wrong
As a citizen of an anti-reformist (Thankfully Pro-EU) nation I truly hope we find a way to come through the threats facing the E.U with a stronger E.U.
Don't want to foster hate between the people.
"I" is "you" in pluralis (must be a capital i)
yeah you always meet people that either went to your friend's efterskole, or happened to live 5km from where you grew up
Is this how you were taught to write or just what it became over time
My "Midtjylland" (Middle/Central Jutland) dialect is one of the easiest to understand, middle of the road in "beauty" and the least ugly
Venice practically has the world's biggest moat
In Denmark we have "free" healthcare and it works pretty well but it comes with a price, we pay more in tax, but in the long run its worth it
It's because Estonians have 150 people per capita.
Too cute
Fuuuuck yeeees
Kinda like Austria most areas used to have their own beers, this was the case in Denmark as well, so now some areas are very entrenched in our choice of beer
I see what you did there
I knew, though, that islands like Britain or the islands of Denmarks aren't islands, since it just continent that happens to be not flooded, as opposed to the Baltic and North sea .. But I thought that actual islands, like Hawaii and Fiji, had water underneath them
'nuff said
So it has nothing to do with private citizens in foreign countries deciding to not buy French products
I'm almost proud of my brothers
As a local who takes public transport from CPH Central Station all the time, I still find it kind of a trip to be able to see the rollercoasters and other rides peeking over the wall and hear people shrieking while I'm just standing around waiting for a bus
Unfortunately, I ended up in said region for work
Sygeforsikringen "danmark" is an association of 2
I hate cash
I'm not sure because that's literally insane, but I can't see what else you'd be trying to argue by posting that as a response
If you're living at home and working a full time job, you may be expected to at least pay some symbolic amount every month so you'll learn how things "in the real world" actually function
Don’t we just say to have balls in general
We've seen that change very quickly in other countries in the past.
Almost everything is in privately owned for profit hands.
Having known her, I can't say I'm surprised, as I'm aware that my grandfather's mother thought she was "a bad girl" and told my grandfather not to date a "wild girl like that", as she drove a motorbike and had very short hair
- Vikændt
Kinda ironic how we once owned so much, and now so little
If you translate *Erste Obergeschoss* literally into English, does it not mean something like *first overfloor*? That seems like a nice way to make sense of them: Floor, overfloor, underfloor
So she is like the standert public employee
The degree to which the mere existence of old-fashioned communities like Urk seem to irk you (no pun intended) is simply more evidence of this
000 so you still got us beat
" or whatever on their social media profiles etc
The usual phrasing for someone you don't know is their full name, e.g. the PM would be "Mette Frederiksen" and not "Ms Frederiksen". Or you'd just say, "the Prime Minister".
Luckily Italy is quite open about having people with heritage get their citizenship, so he got it back basically straight away but honestly, I just remember us all thinking it was so stupid he even had to pick
Hurtigbriller is peak nordic unity
During the refuge crisis he did insist on on closer ties to Europe.
The new Freedom Museum in Copenhagen about the WW2 Occupation is also quite good, but its subject matter is a bit limited of course
Thanks for the cool bonus trivia
Even the exceptions are much more cases of "all the king's land happened to be inhabited by a single people" rather than "the people had their own state"
It’s grown into a lot of conspiracy theories as to why it happened and investigation has been difficult and riddled with flaws because of the Norwegian, Swedish and Danish authorities not being able to work together
The further north you get, the more you binge drink
It's about what you're used to I think.
Danish youth are the one that drinks the most alcohol (in Europe or the World
- Lars Mikkelsen (does a mean Putin copy)
But politically I'm smack in the center in Danish politics.
I joys me to to see what the out-fall of this small language-straight experiment stays, reaches I one-walk sheep over-put these words
When I tried to by one from Denmark to Germany, the Danish railways company's website just said to use Bahn.com.
Brexit - The anti-EU plan that has, time and time again, undermined anti-EU politicians' arguments
Basically, in many homes with children, you’re only allowed to eat candy on Fridays, and then you often make it a binge with a BIG bowl in front of the TV
Love the style, can't help but be reminded of the intro to Game of Thrones
Why the pre-viking Danes bothered to annex Jutland is a question half of the country is still asking
Ok, I'll have to admit - that takes away alot of my outrage
I used inuit-magic to reply to you.
J/k I have no idea who were missing since my friends were still there
Loven er vedtaget på dette grundlag
And many people consider spanking and even a slap a natural part of a child's upbringing
But most companies chose to accept you, cause It’s basically free labour for a few days
They also tend to have thinner/smaller mouths and a faceshape that I generally don't see outside the UK
It just fits better with the demonym "Dane".
Neither is our incompetent politicians
It will be fun again in a few years :)
What are they talking about in the interview?
Well normal tempatured  and doesn't have that same thrist  quenching feel that my grandfathers  own well water did
But Nazism was
It’s a city with my favorite theme park, toverland
Only, since we're nice people, the guy isn't actually dead.
Was mostly a sarcastic comment, basic infrastructure won't be allowed to fail
Delays infection speed, which can spread people who needs to be hospitalized over a longer period causing less strain on the healthcare system
Then we rely on governments or other such institutions to gather the data and make objective decisions based on it
Primarily the political ones like "overrun with muslims", "swedistan, amiright", "you can't even own a butterknife", etc
For most other things, it would be Copenhagen University (KU) or Århus University (AU)
Aenobek Aenobeky bonk, a threeomsixn threeomsixn threeomsixn
Carlos, Charles or Carl = Karl
Exactly the same in Denmark
Probably the latter
You realize the US has what you might consider to be hate speech laws as well, yes?
The undemocratic EU needs to reform or dissolve
That is so beautiful, we have something similar in Denmark on this day but not quite as impressive
With these things you need to be ahead of the foreign adoptions instead of a corrective force afterwards, at least in my country people aren't gonna stop saying "computer" even if there's an official push for a replacement
Coming here to study or live, sure, but a vacation destination
But to be fair, I haven't really been in that many other Danish parks, so can't even tell you which one you should rather go to
Suburbs in general are a younger phenomenon
Between 1951 and 1984 4
You posted it in response to something saying that doctors in America have a financial incentive to continue the practice, and that other doctors in other countries don't. Also that comic is depicting a brit milah which is a legitimately fucking disgusting practice
Yeah, the driver has a view of all doors for security/technical reasons, but I dunno, it's just odd to shout "Thanks
Even if it wasn't customary to do so, if he had signed and popped the pen in his pocket instantly and he was called out for it, he could've easily pulled "honestly didn't intend to do it, old habits die hard"
muslim serbs for bosnia, but you are more turkish for serbia ;)
Du har lige købt 1000 liter mælk
I can't find any Danish words that end with a double consonant, so I can't really compare it
This is no better than the open-air markets in Wuhan
i literally cant
as a dane i want these borders for the sole reason that denmark has it's land back
Armenia is in Asia/Middle&East and culture of its people is close to other middle eastern countries
Like I’ve been put on a bike since I was three or something
It's just called "toast" here, and we put slices of ham in there too, usually
Especially in the rural areas and/or outside of the most busy periods friday and saturday evening
but let's say if they do leave EU, they've invested so much money in a data center for only a couple of years of use lol
Once, I think it was Odense Zoo who killed a giraffe publicly, which is completely normal practice, foreign media really blew it out of proportions
And I camped at “de schatberg”. It’s such a good place with a lot of nice Dutch people ready to speak English just for you
In denmark we use this Things called NemID
It’s metaphorical
As a Danish person I would say it's far from universal
We're not socialist, we like to take care of our citizens.
That doesnt happen here
Super modern and interactive
Ppl will talk about how big the US, but for me, the somewhat shocking thing is more how *samy* it is
The EU should negotiate comprehensive deals with countries in Africa which should include market access to the single market
What Sweden does have, is what sociologist Gøsta Esping-Andersen calls a 'Universal Welfare Model'. A universalistic welfare system that promotes an equality of high standards, rather than an equality of minimal needs
I'm not sure what the conditions are for exchange students to qualify for it, but as long as you're an EU student and you're studying here, it's definitely worth looking into.
Danish Kings later learned Christian religion and the feudal structure putting him in at the command structure as the representative of God was an efficient way of legitimizing his sometimes brutal rule.
Yup
I recently looked a bit on Korean grammar and there’s nothing intuitive about it
[This] and [this] is what local Copenhagen actually looks like
As you mentioned, it is perfectly natural.
No, but this is a story dating back to 2013.
By "here" I meant in Denmark
For instance, I say "sofa" and "coriander" instead of "couch" and "cilantro", not because of British English, but because those are the Danish words as well
Where is this invisible divide
Same with Denmark, IIRC their country is flatter than Denmark in general, but their highest place is higher than ours
Perhaps more a southern suburb than an actual city, but goddamn, you have to look far to find anything nearly as terrible
Have they decided on a new flag yet?
3rd: drink alcohol
Oh if they don’t pay for passage through Øresund they were shot down, that’s how you control traffic
Wow just give China Australia...
...Unless
Oh, I see
Different types of icecream is still icecream isn't it
For now anyway
I don’t know about others but I get danish ads about sendings food to poor Africans
Depends on the country
etc
Your claim that Venstre supported Mc Cain and Romney is not a fact.
Just stick to the principles of liberty and the constitution, and you win the argument?
We only use it to heat up clothing, but it doesn't get used for much else, so we do use the fireplace for heating, since it has worked since we moved into this house
Most Finnish songs from before 1999, got underrated because the juries could not understand what was being sung
It really shouldn't be lauded as antisemitism to propose a ban on male infant circumcision
When I was 7 or 8 I started learning it in school, I believe you start learning it at 5 years old now though
then they can run algorithms and searches to detect suspicious purchases i.e.
It does appear similar, at least on the surface.
What tv channel is it
Yes, they've excluded memes, but the people that try to define this shit don't know what the hell memes are
Building a new one of the latter if necessary
I second this
Sure, substituting your ground beef for beans isn't singlehandedly saving the world, but we all need to work together to be able to send a message where it really has a meaning
First floor is the one above it
As a stupid swede, I approve of this message.
Leaves a good impression
When I grew up he was super popular in both Norway and Denmark as well
Actually
If anything "My bus was late" or "I missed my bus"
Well, my country was the first to outlaw slavery
Oh, so you're from Croatia but live in Denmark now?
Like I said, I agree that if we are talking autonomous country only, then Greenland shouldn't be on the list
In Denmark it's the other way entirely
Zone is sone and the like
My parents changed their oil pan to the air to water pump and they also have a fireplace to give excess heat when it's cold enough
What did the guy do
The standard F size bottles you often get as a deal with a hotdog just go down too quickly, I usually go for a G size to accompany my hotdog and pay extra
Which one eats panettone and which one eats pandoro?
Technically the PM could say right now that the election will be 16th june 2019.
Again, don't know if other countries have that as well
Tessa is just bad and not fun to listen to
I always liked Swedens national anthem "Du gamla, Du fria"... And I'm Danish
Otherwise it's really well done
Back in the day you'd have a real problem growing a lot of the things we regularly use in dishes today in large parts of northern Europe
I feel fairly certain that you'd see a big difference on both sides depending on what the alternative is.
But that's the thing, it is literally not misleading because you are cutting up a child.
Obliviously Viking age is taught throughout, and then (depending on the teacher) you might learn about Egyptian, Greek and Roman through projects through school (ages 6 to 16)
Notre Dame is not gone, nor will ever be as long as we keep it stand as a remembrance place for our culture
Also, eventuelt means alternatively, but is sometimes spoken as eventually
I want to change the name in Danish because if we say North Poland it means the North Pole which is confusing
Some schools offer up to 2 weeks, while others don’t even participate
I want to say I'm surprised, but I'm really not.
Which we basically supply the whole north with
You had it on casks, which is the traditional vessel for beers, and if I remember correctly it was served as a mix between a freshly opened cask and one that was a few days older
Is "nä" not a thing in Swedish
I don't know the school firsthand, but I get the impression, that it is a hard school
Calling them a Danish Right-wing party is a bit like calling the Soviet Unions workers party social-democratic.
The article didn't say how many where born or compare it with any data from previous years.
Marokko - Morocco
You don't have the right to not feed your kids until they starve just because you made them
There are so many fun memes making fun of our superior language, yet people latch onto that boring one
Its e beautiful part of the country but the tourist infrastructure isn't always pretty
But the Danish navy “splitflag” is nice i think
We tried to do it a few years back
At highschool/gymnasium level, I'm pretty sure  cheating will get you expelled without warning
(It is NOT prenounced how you think)
Could be some Swedish abomination
Same in Denmark
We sincerely apologise on his behalf, so now you can return Scania, Halland and Blekinge to us, which are currently in Sweden
But assuming you're not willing to do that, well...
the issue of course is as well that gymnasium means something different depending on the country - even though we all use the term
My own hometown of 9 000 inhabitants has two soda production companies
I would have thought a German would appreciate that :P
The fact that they would sometimes use the same phrase when getting cup of tea didn’t help much
I guess he could call for another state of emergency and use that as the excuse
Austria's greatest achievement is to convince the world that Mozart was Austrian and Hitler, German
I have no doubt that if we get into a war I'll be conscripted back into the military pretty fast unless I am 50+ years old.
Google Street View sure has evolved
Also because we just don’t have as many tests
In danish, "The Netherlands" are just Holland
Denmark did the same with Aa -> Å.
paté
Look at that sexy Denmark graph
If the only stuff someone reads is RT or the New York Times your point of view will be skewed.
I think you presume too much
Oh that's him
You are forgetting our "Sky mountain" ([picture] It has recently been climbed by a Norwegian who wrote a book about it ([link]
They where put in an orphanage, taught Danish and sent to Danish school
I know it happened, and i think Mannerheim was important during the war
Credit for subtitles to [Benjamin Alvarez] on Twitter
They are all self-governing, but the difference is that the municipalities are constitutionally self-governing, which Greenland and the Faroe Islands are not
I'll find it quite saddening how many of the Scandinavian people will switch to english when speaking to people from other countries, we can understand 99% of what other Scandinavians say, it's just easier to speak English
I also like the singer’s newer, more chill and slow stuff as [Hans Philip]
somwhat Denmark
Really
My great-grandmother was named after one of your islands
for reasons that are completely made up by click-hungry sensationalist media
Eventually his buddy got injured from an IED and he took much more care after that
The only way to know what article to choose is to grow up with the language and slowly learn the right article as you learn the language
Agreed, but I don't have all the details for the event so they might have organised an event for people to do just that in relation to the show or at the very least inspired some local communities to do it
Our tax authorities managed to lose track of roughly 100 billion DKK in tax revenue a while back
So yeah, quite a load
If USA withdraws from NATO, it will mean eastern europe will fall under Russia's shadow again, because the west has little apetite to go to war for them
The very embarrassing part is that I liked geology and geophysics from when I was quite young (from at least age 12 that's what I wanted to study), so I thought that islands were floating, but also knew about plate tectonics at the same time
This is a country that has twice the population of Iraq, and is almost 4 times as large.
But as they say: Better late than never
Since I was about to miss my mplane, I just said a date and destination.
We had a motivationel show telling us to plant trees
Is he the inspiration behind the Sheikh in Flåklypa
Kageclicker2630, it was
We'll send our navy, once we've bought weapons for it
Most people up here aren't EU federalists at all.
Plus a few "light nets" tossed over various trees and bushes in the garden
Then I would say 22 out of 179 politicians in the parliament voting against a ban on child pornography in 1980 :D
[The Tom Waits song]
I mean, he's not wrong with the election part.
Although some songs that will always get people singing along, at least after a couple of beers, are what we call dansktop
[I think the existence of this proves why that isn't true]
Ah, well that’s a relief
I also learned that Hitman is Danish, so we got that going for us.
I got no idea why I've always thought it was risdansk
My grandmothers husband was from Als and my grandfather came from the Thy area, both of them were able to 'switch between the languages', so they would speak Thybomål and Alsisk with people who spoke the dialect, and 'Danish' with an accent, when people didn't.
So I'll have to say nonsense
Maybe, but here's the thing: those people exist.
Our school threatened us to stop our tradition of violence against the first yearers, it sucks ass
If it's clear then 5
Update coming later today
This is including operation, maintenance, construction, decomissioning and fabrication
Some years back a moped was thrown from the stands in Italy
The parents will be waving flags (only for young kids though
There are lots of pictures like this from Kiev back then
Hahaa that honestly makes more sense
I think we’re a bit important, in terms of being very frugal, and with our very developed wind and pharmaceutical sectors
Remember it's Trump you are talking about.
There's a unfortunately a small group on this sub who *really* hate Americans and expresses it through obnoxious insulting comments and downvotes.
> Sometimes I really wish my first language was French or Spanish
We have the mandatory cooking classes too, also in grade 7
Example: Island = Ice Country
You could easily pass a law like that in Denmark and noone would bat an eye because if you don't have a union agreement you don't have employees either
We do not want France, Germany or Spain to have more influence in our politics
fortunately we're probably going to do more soon.
I mean, sure you'll get a wine glass in a restaurant, but for getting a glass with a friend on a sunny afternoon
Denmark is left wing by European standards.
You poor bastard
Prank ringing doorbells in the middle of the night
Schweiz - Switzerland
Not the same word though
Thanks, 2012 seems old, but looking at it again I can't see they've updated that exact report
Anders Fogh Rasmussen managed to push Denmark in a direction we are getting less thrilled about for every year and government leaks we experience.
We're just helping you out with the herd immunity, giving ya a little hand in spreading it
I barely knew her, she died when I was only a kid, but my mom told me she had a heart gold
Here in Denmark we call it ‘praktik’, which translates roughly into ‘practise’.
In Denmark a lot of people drive to Germany to shop for candy, soda and Nutella
My youngest brother who is 15 years younger than me stayed home until he started at university and had to move
Also the politician thing
Why doesn't your doctor do this for everybody free of charge
We already have a system though.
You get all the details all the time
I feel like Putin would beat up a lot of people
And then when the KU and UK would work together in the UN against other member nations, they could inadvertently state that they had been KUUKed
If the head of state and his party can establish a voting majority in the legal assembly, then you can essentialy coup the republic
It’s a “haunted” statue which according to the legend, comes to life if Denmark is in war
I have had a few bikes stolen and was shot in the head with an airgun
That's an amazing word
You are a native, I get loving your hometown - I love mine as well
They are just cheese slicers
Yeah, Google results are probably heavily biased depending on your location
I'm atheist myself and it annoys the heck out of me
En vår (one spring)
Sorry Spanish republicans I hate that flag.
because the Danes kept disturbing teachers and students.
[Random tabloid headline generator]
How do I unsubscribe from winter
Thanks for the link
If they screw up, we don't have the power to remove them
That's sound really extreme even in central Copenhagen you can see plenty of stars, just not as many as in the country side
Those are a recipe for disaster
Not really, people may hold grudges against the language, or joke that "it's the Germans again" when the sirens are tested, but overall people tend to be more neutral or slightly positive
It isn't about what's precise it's about what's usual
I think that'd be horrible though, personally.
WW2 we maybe spent half a year on in seventh grade, and then it was also mentioned here and there - but in general, we covered everything from Vikings to the fall of The Wall, and everything in between
You are describing a Danish porn movie
I'm pretty sure most accidents are caused by lapse of attention
Also, risdansk gave me a little laugh ;)
My Spanish teacher is Chilean and they’re apparently hard to understand for other Spanish speakers
*Spoken* Danish is an entirely different beast however
German: [Ich verstehe nur Bahnhof]
How would this entity deal with the diverse economies and social structures of its member countries?
Americans would probably call these sodas tasteless
Try doing something that works better in the dark like watching movies or reading by candlelight, and remember to take vitamin D supplements if you feel like you’re not getting enough sunlight
Dutch
You can also switch layout with win+space
I feel like a common denominator for paid ones, when I was looking at internship ads, was the size of the company
I think that's being very optimistic about when we will be 100% renewable
Supposed to go there in Easter but had to postpone it to October
Read [this] for a few more details.
No reason you couldn't do that in Romania for example, but just know that it is a long and hard struggle against the people that profit off of having low wages and benefits
Name a European company that is comparable to Microsoft.
The pronunciation probably, especially Z vs S and V vs W; I often get those mixed up.
A "hyggeligt" wallpaper isn't just any pretty wallpaper
Yes, they're steel and glass, but they're not just boxes - they have interesting shapes and forms
No warmer than this though
Fin(n) Island - Wait those exist
I think you're right
Danish is pretty hard to learn so I don’t think non-native speakers would be able to pronounce it
boys
And then I look further up and I see that Sweden and Norway are placed higher and I’m like fuck
Само жеговамсе, българиа е хобово.
That we'd turn around and become such petty racist xenophobic fucks, is probably the biggest one.
I like their cheap bakeries everywhere
I've been stopped without a drivers license in denmark, they can give you a ticket for it but usually they won't.
What about corona
Du store kineser (great chinese), an exclamation of shock and surprise
But it seems it was more of a castletown
We kinda have that in Denmark with Emil fra Lønneberg and Pippi
Some argue that they are, but that makes little sense
>In 2016, 95 326 laboratory-confirmed cases were reported out of which 134 were fatal
:-)
Additionally, in Denmark, we also have "Bajer" which is generally used in the same context as "you want a *pint*?" Or "want a *Drink*?" Though it's specifically beer, it is more casual
> Maybe hygge too, but the Dutch have their gezelligheid and the Germans are gemütlich, so it's not really unique
It even has a drawbridge of sorts
It does entitle you to a reduced fare in your own country, though
Technically it's illegal (in town and cities), but it's socially accepted (on nights  out partying) as long it's done privately
Just don't get it
But does the EU toss out Brexiteers with steam or digital
That people can show that kind of disrespect baffles me
Grenen is kinda cool, not often you can stand in two different seas at the same time
You can count on us too - you guys might be the frontline right now, but we are all in this together
Not if it's not frozen
/u/ArvinaDystopia has already answered you, but I would like to share that Denmark is Freja's Hall.
The only bad thing I've heard about Switzerland (excluding potential political differences etc
Religion should be forbidden in European soil, we're already a prosperous and highly educated continent, we don't need these primitive ideas anymore
Denmark so angelic perfect, monks at Lindisfarne simply died from awe when they saw us
It's worth it for the incredible summer days though
So you are excusing socialism, because the only thing wrong with it was Stalin
Curling
It has lower costs for both consumers and merchants than international cards and also allows consumers to have a line of credit with their accounts.
Gambia national goalkeeper dies trying to reach Europe
He's perhaps the most childish political figure I've ever had the displeasure of having to spend time thinking about.
We arent ready to defend ourselves and you arent ready to invade us
- The soft d. Insert dick joke here
Again, which millionaires are moving to Lithuania
Guess there are still some pipes that poland wont lay
You aren't Nordic until Nordic model
This is a question that requires
Yeah they drink way more wine compared to beer/spirits, but that doesn't matter when their overall drinking rates are still lower.
Norway is getting under pressure as other countries are starting to make binding obligations to limit
When she was born, her grandfather was king in the Kingdom of Iceland
"Oops"
Beautifully put
They dont have the attraction of the North Sea, and with all the unemployment and people moving away it is hard to see what they have got going for them
This map desperately needs a legend
I just don’t like porridge, period
There has obviously come a new term where we use it for spirits that basically aren’t aquavit, but they are
Human hubris defined in picture form
I understand it perfectly
When it's provided and planned and you bring your own: not very polite
He didn’t remember the title of the movie
You "lægger" a pencil on a table, and you "sætter" the chair down unto the ground
There's a really reeeally salty guy on here who reports every post which has "Americanized" grammar.
Ohh
The German-speaking regions come from the former Prussian Rhine Province which *you* annexed following WW1, so quite the opposite in fact
Tell me about it
Unification happened in the 800s, which makes us at least 1100 years old
The only thing that comes to mind is the huge Fireworks Explosion accident in Kolding in 2004 which only killed 1 person however so there maybe is worse accidents
Never heard of it
I get that, I just wanted to explain that dental bills are still very expensive here.
It’s an annual little parade
We move out quite early compared to many other European countries, but here it’s completely fine for people of all ages to have sleepovers with the opposite sex
I can understand some of it though
Or a dutch flag, if this map was made by an american
I am all for putting more money into science and research, but it's not money we need right now, it's time
I have to say, in terms of drinking behavior and intelligeble language, Ireland is actually a pretty good fit for Denmark
So walk
When that’s done we put on a show for the whole school and then we took off to a theme park
Yeah, "Jeg elsker dig
And then some smaller black model that I can't find on their website, I think it's meant for cutting hair
a few days later i had learned it
Can't just randomly ask an aunt at the buffet how giving birth felt
Also, one that not many Danes know, programming language c++ (Bjarne Stroustrup)
Peeing kid
My SO talked a lot with her friends about it before her first child
Walking isnt so bad if youre not in a hurry.
I think its totaly fine by the news papers doing this
I had forgot how warm 10 degrees is
Never heard of it
It's still on the low side
> perhaps 'dumb' (poor) people might just have different interests, values, and opinions
You guys do tend to have 5-7 names
The whole economic foundation is capitalistic
It is discriminating against men for obvious reasons - they might not get a job which they were more qualified for
If you for example go to [one of the biggest snus sites online,] it will inform you that you need to switch to the EU site
They had never felt cold in all their years living in Greenland, where it gets stupid cold but is at least dry, but often froze their ass off in Denmark where it's not as cold and humid
The EU simply operates in the best interests of its citizens by getting as good a deal from the UK as possible.
Nope, i was too busy listening to them threatening Orban with all sorts of things because he put up a fence.
Imagine if Randers ruled the nation
Quite a bit, although never really used - theoretically she could declare war if she wanted
It is absolutely no wonder course the US became weirdly religious
Wait something doesn't add up..
But we probably won't so nevermind.
That's not the case with guns
Swedes and Norwegians will point to Lappland, but Lappland itself is named after the Lapps/Sámi
I would also like to submit [Vafler]
Det er også virkelig mundret
The other Nordic countries and their state run alcohol stores and high purchasing ages
:-)
They also had that weird Christian Den Gode lie that I often hear from Swedes
Also it's not necessarily the THC that has he medicinal effect, but some other non-intoxicating compound
Or maybe it’s just because a bottle of wine in Norway costs three times what it does in DK :)
It was 10 degrees outside today, but the sun was out, so it was far too warm for anything but a t-shirt while working and maybe a thin long sleeved shirt when resting
høhøhø lol :p
Still
Not just English, it irritates me that most languages don’t have a gender-neutral and uncomplicated word for boyfriend/girlfriend
Lol, good luck with that
At least in business circles it is seen as a way to network, at quite a few ambitious young men and women go into it.
I sometimes say english words with a danish pronounsiation and that is actually getting quite common with the youth in Denmark
A barrel of land is 5516 m² and is the amount of land you can sow with a barrel of grain
I don't love it, but I don't hate either as it doesn't stick out so much at least
Here we have Miss Denmark but no one gives a crap
But it is a lot more than "barely anyone"
Contentedness is probably more accurate.
>But it's not debt that you have to pay if you don't make money
As a external lecturer at ITU, I think you are way off
I don't want the US to be a superpower or them being "world police", and I certainly don't want Russia to be one either.
This is also true
the recent research seems to have made some minimum wage look like a good idea as long as it's not pushed too high, but i always worry about what happens to people who's work isnt worth the mandatory rate.
People having the same fights about the same thing 3 times a month gets old, especially since the thing in question is more relevant to users in the US
So expensive
In Denmark you can still in smoke in bars that's under 40 square meters.
You don't have quality weed in Romania?
Ship building and farming in the 1600-1700 wrecked most forests
-Holger Danske
McDonald’s is 0,62 L.
[are you thinking of this?] it's Norwegian.
My games, my TV shows and movies are for the most part, english, and i've been a gamer since the late 80s.
I also went to Praia on Santiago, but only briefly.
Yes
Sn - Tin
We were greeted every time with "god tur
Because we say *on* Iceland in Danish
But I don't think they have a monopoly on her literary work
The trust in France made me smile.
At least you were the ones who industrialised them in the first place
There's just something about it - like a calm and beauty that's hard to find elsewhere
Haha nej, det behøver du i hvert fald ikke ;)
Scholarships and grant are possible:
Would love to play but there’s just no clubs around my home, which sucks
Did I **not** just bloody tell you that no one outside of your local ANTIFA facebook group believes in Magic Dirt?
Open and shut case Johnson
In Denmark, back in the day, it was the poor country districts which managed to get their sh*t together and form a movement of schools and education for everyone, regardless of class
I am sorry but I'd rather discuss why muslim males are so well represented on every crime statistic in any european country who still dares to keep track of it.
she wasn’t. It was not a good experience when we put her on a bike
\-The Chunnel will be 2 pipes-London is a ghost house
Dutch is what they speak in Denmark right, the capital of Sweden
I don't like that
Universities in Denmark are pretty equal in quality, but each specialises a bit
etc
[F] - Maybe 80% with a bit of guessing
Occasionally throwing a Margrethe Vestager into the mix
In general our power grids are a lot more connected than I'd realized
Yeah, so you're blaming Norway for letting in Muslims
Sverige er bare et shitshow
[Villy Søvndal, our former foreign minister is probably the most famous one
Imagine Sussex or Yorkshire wanting independence and you have a much more similar situation.
We're a strong independent country, who don't need no Roman
Make some sort of dessert with ananas, oranges, bananas or whatever and I'm fine with it but don't kill my pizza
You do know that you're supposed to be the 'progressive' and 'tolerant' one of us, right?
The first part I don't mind (the people who do get offended by its very existence worry me very much)
I read it as "closed internal borders"
Its all about supply and demand
You do of course realize people from Sjælland have an equally strong dialect to the rest of us, right
I guess he thought you were joking
Disagreed, he does it to demonstrate how muslims act when faced with disagreeing opinions and how they tend to use violence as a measure to stop people from voicing these opinions
Kildare is relatively close to Dublin, so you have the same kind of steriotypes about people from somewhere like Desmond
Yeah, it's already hot enough
Tintin, Congo, ridiculous country that should just be split between Nehterlands and France
Guðmundur Hálfdanarson)
When they reach 50 euro, then we can sit down and talk about if it's enough or if it would make sense raising the limit it to 60 euro
Lübeck is mostly because it's on my way back to Denmark.
I don't know any Danes who would eat there
Deal
Luckily, that's not representative of how Europeans feel about the US.
40 is also funny in Danish, because the long form is spelled *fyrretyve* (four twenty), but it actually means four tens (like in Swedish and English)
There's always that one guy who doesn't try to avoid it and every other Dane feels secondhand embarrassment as it sounds horrible
I didn't know that
I'm not really happy, but I'm happy that it's going to be an indirectly affection and not a direct one, like the citizens of USA is going to feel..
Why would we call him the good
Did you get to hear your melody
I am coming up short on finding the comic or the story though :-/
So you think a drunken useless excuse for the "voice of Europe" is worse than a Putin that simulate Attacks on Northern Europe and
Seriously
Absolute primodickature
Some Europeans dislike the USA, but I don't typically hear of Europeans disliking *Americans*.
Vandmand (Water Man) - Jellyfish
My friend goes to Kraków every year (she's to one who took me there last year) and she speaks of the city just like you do :) We both are taking our masters in history, so it really is the perfect city for people like us
Seems a bit silly, prostitution should be legal and so
I think most people do have a middle name
Pardon me for saying this, but they said even uglier things: They called me an Armenian!.
There is A LOT about the King and the Folketing, and administration, legislation and structure of the courts before it gets to the rights of the people (part VIII)
Thanks
Grundloven er 170 år gammel
When I noticed it the first time in another country I was very surprised
" So it's a bit of a silly pun I always found kinda funny
I can buy a main dish from most chain Cafes/Restaurants like Zeros, Vivaldi or Cafe X.
Natasja - Calabria]
I don't know you, so there is no way I can seriously state that you personally is a religious nutter.
I definitly dont disagree, but I'm surprised that a Swede would be surprised by Oslo being
He was the first to articulate a resistance to Muslim immigration and was extremely blunt in his rhetoric.
I made the stupid decision to start firefighter training in the summer
I was at a wedding yesterday in Timișoara(Western Romania), at the Orthodox Metropolitan cathedral
If you don’t have a train ticket or anything like that, they’ll write you bill of about 100€. For this reason alone people hate them as any morning commute can turn into a financial nightmare
It's also important to note that while "being willing to die for your country" may be in a soldier's job description, what tends to happen is that they are sent to die for a politician's pet project.
I really hope the best for Russia and the Russian people
Yes, and crimes are generally punished after they happen.
The DDR was ostensibly communist as all the Eastern bloc countries were
You read stuff like the Illiad, Oedipus, Platon, Aristoteles and Herodot
"Sorry, I *do* have an exam"
&#x200B;
Great atmosphere, big town vibe
It's just pronounced as a *u*. It's probably the *stød* on the preceding a that confuses you
It becomes a bit patronising when they base their identity on it though.
If i wanted to vote as far right as i could, then i could only go as far as DF (Danish people's party), which is a part of the ID group, which i presume is the orange (Liberal and conversative
It's not a part of any national program or anything you actually hear anything about (as far as I know), my brother and I are very gifted (4
Here, the danish church gets their money from the state, and compared to usa, that is just a small allowance
You just need to get a bit closer but once you are within reach
Tax the *profits*, not investments that increase productivity.
Thats not even close to have it works lol.
I don't really watch non-English videos anyway so that hasn't affected me
Mini-Putinstan by now - really sad
It's actually gotten ridiculous these days:/
I really don't want Malmø.
I'm quit fond of the 6 weeks/year I get here though.
Obviously I can't speak for everyone, but I can't imagine anyone would even comment on it.
Oostvaardersplassen was particularly important in the case of the latter species, since it served as a springboard for them to recolonise much of western Europe
Straight childhood memories> Moomin
Does Trianon really depress people that much?
And take money away from the gangs
Otherwise, you end up being *that* person who chooses to take a child to the cinema to watch a Narnia film with English audio and local subtitles and whisper-reads the subtitles OUT LOUD to said child
I'm happy that things are going well in Poland - economically anyway
Nu e foarte anormal să căuta recunoaștere, în Danemarca suntem la fel
Its probably a reference to the time where the wars were fought between us
I love japanese since it's very different and allows you to do a lot of wordplay
Chinese machinery competes very successfully recently
Didn't understand a single word but agreed
Trying to be the teacher's pet
There are still tax havens within the EU
Greenland and the Faroese aren't separate countries
Well, not going to claim its the pinnacle of journalism, but most Arab news sites are very anti Israel.
Hungary or Bulgaria will probably be beacons of human rights and fiscal discipline compared to Serbia
Krantenwijk and Dicterbij Je, I believe
Many young people are fine with ikea furniture, but once you've got a couple of higher quality pieces in your home, ikea's does feel a bit flimsy
That's way better than just tearing it down, buildings like this need to be preserved no matter if neo nazis consider it a place of pilgrim.
This guy is pretty good:
cause more of them to come into your country.
The irony is that popular opinion is exactly what doesn't matter in a non-democratic style of government.
Like my bf speaks thybomål with her family, but regular danish with me, since I don't know all the words of thybomål
Yes, but you can't prove anything.
Plus a few "light nets" tossed over various trees and bushes in the garden
Same here
By "roaming free" do you mean international roaming?
We aren't in the Euro either, but helping Greece helps Europe, and helping Europe is helping yourself.
Budapest
In some cases I think it's actually more common that locating it in the capital
We have something similar, with challenges and open truck and all, but we don’t have the “gang/team” aspect
] No matter what, it's ridiculous propaganda to even try and spread
However, that claim usually comes from Americans or Southern Europeans who are used to that very "outwardly social" mentality, small talk etc
You're almost correct
My original comment was not meant as a correction, it was meant as a joking response.
New alliance between the social democrats and Danish people's party have turned the government into a sitting duck.
Are you telling me Finnish men can match the levels of metrosexuality in stockholmian men
Also
But having to pay taxes to transfer to proto-authoritarian regimes like Poland and Hungary, makes my blood boil
For more casual use, most Danes have a "vimpel", which is the Danish flag, but shaped like a very long triangle
That's what I thought it was about as well.
You have no evidence of the existence of our secret voting conspiracy.
Looking behind the van was like 8 guys with masks and guns about to do a full on robbery, so we just floor it and drive around the van
I was just about to comment this.
60 = tres
As I recall they smiled and wished us good luck with that
That will be a lot of chill
Otherwise there is openstreetmap
No that's our pronunciation of words that's retarded, our language it self is pretty good
The family in Maramureș don't know any Hungarian at all tho, even though there is also a notable community
My sister is pretty good at browsing the net and such (and has been for a long time) but with a computer she is slightly less capable
Its actually so fuccing annoying
I am a supporter of the countries who are against a offshore asylum plan, taking the migrants and refugees.
science advances one funeral at a time as they say.
The     Danish Medical Association is “fundamentally opposed to male     circumcision unless there is a medical reason such as phimosis for     carrying out the operation
Being so close to Sweden, Nordsjælland gets slighter colder than the rest of the country (except Vendsyssel)
It's getring a little annoying to always say "cozy get-together with friends and family time"
Implying that I recognise the 1658 Treaty of Roskilde
But I do like how you guys speak Dutch in Brabant and Limburg, so you have my vote.
News media has become such a load of untrustworthy bullshit
Like there is the things the vikings did, but if i didn't get to choose that then i would say the Stockholm Bloodbath is pretty high up there
Like sure, the symbolism is more tied to Easter, but it's still somewhat Jesus-related
American universities hold a prestige around the world
Nope it's awkward as fuck
Understandable Spain is a very nice country to visit as a tourist.
Nothing wrong with being compared to them
Fair, i have only been once but i found it quite nice and large compared to what i'm used to, with an interesting surrounding enviroment
I'm not really sure
Netherlands, it's time to call in the favor for the the Scanian war
depends on which school, and where the parents live and of course, the economy of both the student and the parents
American waiter Navalny
Thank you, that was all
There's no need to add specific regions
Also, it's not really left wingers starting the wars these days it seems.
Centrum = Sentrum
Margrethe is my gal
You are the ones that insisted on becoming independent 500 years ago.
Because looking stupid and petty is better than establishing precedent for allowing for entering their occupied land through an enemy country.
Even a single nation like France could not have existed in its current form if not for the ruthless oppression of local populations (Occitanians, Bretons, Basques, etc)
5,- til 9,-. Specielt prisen er også årsagen til kradserens popularitet
Europeans are actively doing a hell of a lot more than most people on earth, as evidenced by the fact that Canada/USA emits about 3 times as much CO2 per capita as a country like Denmark
Denmark despite being further north is actually quite commonly snow free while our southern neighbours are covered in it.
There are no mountains or rivers or any scenery like that.
A similar percentage would put us just below the target NATO spending of 2% of GDP.
The price of milk has risen by like 50% in the last 5 years
This has have good results
It's obviously a valid reason, but dodging tax is a much bigger incentive.
I was actually
But I don't think that the people in southern Jutland wears poppies to commemorate that
“Hvis jeg skal være ærlig, så var lektier en by i Rusland for mig da jeg var teenager”.
I think it might be more common in Jutland though
>Pije jako Dán (He drinks like a Dane) - Someone who is drinking too much alcohol and behaves inappropriately
Don't be sure - EU could become a very usefull tool for nationalists.
I have noticed that child families move out of the city (Copenhagen) or to the outskirts of the city
[2016 results]
If you're in the area, take a day trip to Girona
On the other hand, claiming Greek territory in a foreign success would also do this, so Erdo wins on this rhetoric regardless?
Welsh is the most widely spoken descendant of Brythonic, and the word "Britain" is a Latinised version of a P-celtic name for the Island
In another timeline, one with a single country called Scandinavia, they would all be considered dialects of Scandinavian
I took part in some student exchanges, and have lived in Odense for 12 years
EU sucks at making trade deals - all countries have to agree.
Thank you for inventing the Cheese slicer, Norway
So that is just a silly idea to try and "make ESA more popular than NASA".
Perhaps is
A lot of trees are nice, but that socialist architecture style that can be seen in eastern Berlin too, is just so damn depressing
Can relate
Exactly, which is why we have developed a brilliant workaround, and mostly use meetings for hygge, and leave the door open for incremental solutions afterwards.
I think the first step would just be to implement it everywhere
Wooops
And i think we can make him go away again.
Instead it's just an endless stream of posts about refugees with comments about how terribly muslims are.
Edit: Maybe I'm just tired, but I couldn't find Prague
It's more of a fun gimmick, I guess, than any real official relation, but the border is disputed
What you are talking about is sectarianism.
I think we’re a bit important, in terms of being very frugal, and with our very developed wind and pharmaceutical sectors
The year before and after had roughly one fourth that
Jensen is a sure tell
We are propping them up, even at a detriment to ourselves, in large part because they quite simply need our money
You can bet your ass that if it had just been a Muslim tradition, it would've been banned with 90% voting yes
In all three cases there was more than one victim.
Jubilees, maybe, everything to do with birthdays, definitely
I'll go fetch the lederhosen and Rammstein records
Theres nothing about france in there?
Never got that language pinned down
But if you're watching football, mass produced beer like Tuborg, Carlsberg, Pokal etc is what people drink.
For the countries mentioned above
>I believe only denmark has higher with 60%.
You will have the opportunity to become a developmental leader later, earning maybe 50
You forget that many of the people who can’t work are wrongfully assessed by the system and have to go years through a bureaucratic hell
Du kan søreme tro nej, din fusentast
I respect your opinion but disagree.
And as a whole, we are not very patriotic, almost to the extent of seeing patriotism as a negative trait.
No, but I have the Charlie Hebdo cover with Muhammad framed.
.... very similar     arguments are also used to try and justify very harmful cultural     procedures, such as female genital mutilation or ritual scarification
And while this definetely is _possible_, it's not advisable, simply because of how spread out the different sites are, and how hard it is to traverse the country using public transport
That's a lot bigger than the one in Nyk
My mom's family has been sailors for ages
Leaving you with a maximum of 3500kr each month to put away for unforeseeable expenses and larger bills (dentist, new bike, whatever), as well as just money for regular things like clothes and Netflix and whatever
Now we're just seeing random slaughter of civilians for the hell of it.
We do
Romanians are not seen particularly positively as far as I can tell
No, we use "e-mail" in casual conversation
It's just more pizza
There was different degrees of leniency depending on where in Europe you lived under occupation.
Examples
It's barely been below freezing in Denmark this winter
Oh yeah the addidas suit is a big one
small trees do almost nothing
They actually played a pro Erdogan video on the plane back with Turkish Airlines and i was visible displeased.
"If you kill your enemies, they win."
This ofc
My hometown has a house with a [window] that musn't be closed or the ghost inside with burn down the city
Would you like us to make you a Swedish Merkel?
Wasn't it the Danes
And then you realise it’s pronounced Stetin
The battle may have been lost, but the war is not over...
This is not a “Danish reaction” - it’s the reaction of a single Danish tabloid, which earns money from being as controversial as possible
This sounds so great
Why
Definitely [Nede Mette] This one is a guily pleasure to me
Agreed, I can't find any specific references to Krugman talking about the loss of the devaluation tool.
I thought heroin took away you're a appetite?
Like I said it’s hard to really pinpoint their exact ideology beyond just being authoritarian, so I don’t disagree with that label
But if you agree with that idea, you must accept arguments based on that idea
Greenland is mostly self governing, except for Denmark providing a direct yearly subsidy equal to roughly 25% of their gdp
That would fuck with the danish heating system, we import trash and burn it for energy
They should have to vaccinate their kids too
Those students sound a little entitled, I'd say
Those are the ones I remember off the top of my head
Fingers crossed for no more right-wing fascists.
1000 years ago, Denmark was something of a trading hub for much of the known world.
Absolutely gorgeous city
Hol up
I still know what it is, but that’s because I’m a nerd
Mind you, I'm not slamming the other countries for dubbing
Sweden, you have to be 20 to buy it in special stores and they’re really strict about it
was in Sarajevo in Bosnia Herzegovina
Kind of a weird way to phrase the question.
Western Jutland is only second place for me
Isn't Georgia part of the linguistic playground or am I mistaken
Lol
I would probably be able to climb over the fence without much trouble
Lets just plant scandinavian flags everywhere
We might be
r/finlandconspiracy
The norwegian was is more like "thousand and one, thousand and two etc
Denmark's private pharmaceutical industry spends billions on research.
The most beloved one is Faxe Kondi but there are also Carlsberg Sport, Jolly Time and some others
"Vikings save treasures from monastery after monks die in hatchet-related incident"
Sadly it had to take a whole 14 years before finally in 1997 it was clarified to clearly state that parents may not hurt their children
Unfortunately Danes seem to have a lazy gene that turns on the second they leave work.
Latin is mandatory for standard Gymnasiums here and you can choose Greek
The sink scraper is not common in Denmark
Like it's good to be aware of them and know the big ones, but the rest you can research if you need
(pure formality, but technically required for a law to pass
[Randers starter pack]
He then proceeded to have sex with this 15 year old who, it turns out, had been an intern with the Social Democrats only a few weeks prior
This just means antisemitism was widely spread in Europe for a loooong time
While it could reduce prizes for many parts of Europe there is a high probalility prizes would increase in Denmark.
Good headphones and a job that's also on the outskirts or not right next to Nørreport help, too
After that I cheer for the underdog
We just never changed the old system
Sennep
Sometimes I have that same thought, but then I remember that only 6 million people on the planet speak it, which is 0,08% of the world population
I don't know what happened in my head, but I just got really angry and spoke to him like I used to speak to the kids I used to babysit
Our summer vacation is only six weeks long so it isn’t really needed
My only friend
Stay indoors my fellow european comrades
POlak (stressed First syllable) is by some people percieved(?) as derogatory, while poLAK is okay
Kamelpis (camel piss) is sometimes said to make the subjects laugh, but it's generally not used with small kids
I voted for a candidate of the party I support because I respect him deeply
Honorable mentions to Den Gale Pose, LOC, Jokeren and Suspekt (because I know people older than be will be annoyed if I didn't mention them)
Not to mention the cruel state of mink farming
"How do you do, har du slugt en flue
Also I am a history buff interested in history and religion of the ethnic minorities in Russia.
I might have but how would I ever know
The Danes will welcome you, we need all the small Northern countries to battle against French empire building and the social fiscal union.
All that shit about Denmark during the presidential campaign is over
Dont really agree 100% with any of the politicians, so i just vote for the one i am closest to, unless there's someone with a hilarious name, then he/she has deserved it
If the question starts off negative, you use the negative forms:
The longest suspension bridge in Europe (3rd in the world) - Storebæltsbroen, Denmark.
Pretty ironic he considered it a country to uphold civil rights when you look at the apartheid system that was present
I'm not sure how much EU has to offer at the moment though, they/we seem paralyzed, but of cause we would want to have you as a member of some sorts.
A collaborator who ratted people (mostly resistance fighters) out to the Germans was called a "stikker"
They’re great
First the Ikea then Skåne
We call them pebernødder though
Pretty much
I think a lot is excused due to people being aware that people are more friendly in the US
No bias there, they were popular when I used to play FIFA, you would often see people using those
As y’all can see we do have negative sides and it isn’t paradise on earth
The supply-chain of news is just super effective
Well, the only thing i know about him is his involvement in the Stockholm bloodbath
In Denmark, the Swan is considered our national animal/pet
Because of our Social-democratic policies.
Thirdly, it is generally just a very rough and crime-infested place
Where I live used to be an old vacation spot for the richer people from Copenhagen.
It has been very obvious that Trump had no idea what was in his healthcare plan, with Trump contradicting it multiple times
When you get out of class at 11:15 and start drinking right after, then it's not that early
However, in my experience of riding those with other commuters in the early morning, they are silent as the grave throughout the entire bus anyway
"This country has had it with you experts!
Also could've gone to Sweden, but that's where Swedes live!
But it can't, so the recession deepens.
They share many commonalities, sure, deriving in part from common history, in part from common circumstance and environment
Its a slightly different red than our normal flag
How do I unsubscribe from winter
Possibly :) didn’t invent that much, discovered a lot
What i wouldn’t do to be in austria
So Tusk is right in that Turks are detached from reality, but so is he so it doesn't matter?
What /u/ScriptThat said is about dialects, but I think most languages have barriers of understanding between dialects.
*Laughs in kalmar union* just about all of the nordic countries except finland as they have all been part of denmark at some point
But why again are we sending them EU funds, instead of kicking them out
It appears Swedish propaganda has reached the states.
for boys: Harald, Gorm, Valdemar, Christian, Frederik, Svend, Christoffer, Erik, Knud
Source: I forgot about it until I read your comment
Nordics aren't really known for being sociable, even with babies.
I feel like you're not really in the right if your go to reaction is to start calling people racists, but they also do deserve to be called out on their shitty attitude, absolutely.
One was about ibuprofen
Some say he's still cycling to this day.
Pretty much one of the few (and first I believe) ghettos we have in Denmark
I think it's good, it means that Dennark goes through if they play in Ireland :) also, as a Dane the World Cup qualifier decider match that ended 5-1 was a delight
However there are some who remind of eminem and the like
"download open source server-software til din computers harddisk"
” and she understandably answered “you don’t HAVE to pay”.
To care about insignificant details in Danish is called Flueknepperi, translated to fucking flies
Everyone is afraid of the supposed WMD's under Putins desk, legitimate reason to fear going against him outside politics imo
Can't say for danish, but a couple of years ago I did an intensive 3 month Duolingo course in Russian
Scotland want independence from the shackles of Westminster, only to be tied down by the shackles of Brussels.
Like last year, the Germans are the largest group on the subreddit, making up 11,8% of the community
Lol we hiked that mountain on a boarding school trip
In the winter season they are to busy skiing and in the summer they imitate beached seals in Denmark.
Perhaps he can can help unite the Europeans to take collective action against extremism
Icelandic - I am embarrassed to say this is hard
They weren't necessarily famous from the drug trade itself as much as for the violence and shooting, which is very rare in our country
huh looks like the nazis got their wish of lebensraum
Jeg har hørt begge dele, men da jeg stod i lære som maskinarbejder lærte jeg en del farverige udtryk hvoraf et af dem var "Det er lige til at få dårlig pik og lange nosser af
Ohh yeah
Is 5 years really that long of a time?
- Learn Danish/another Scandinavian in school
Ah, I didn't realize there was a *wrong* way to backpack.
Lots of commenters there hate us with a passion, unfortunately the comments over the last few years of the video existing have changed in tone
The Eurofighter for examples, is not developed through the EU, but through the NATO Eurofighter and Tornado Management Agency
When you're in Copenhagen, depending on how long you stay there, best thing to do is experience the city.
The anniversary of the invasion on the 9th of April is known as "The day of the Siege" and the anniversary of the liberation on the 4th of May is known as "liberation day".
Denmark has a long tradition for “Friday candy” (fredagsslik)
Probably Scarlet Pleasure - Deja Vu
We might short-circuit and catch on fire
Kittel (Danish) = smock
That's funny, we also have that one in Danish: *Hønemor
Furthermore, Art Deco tends towards an idealized view of the human, which is the reason for the muscular build which is repeated in many art deco sculptures (such as the Yuri Gagarin statue in Moscow)
It's apparently becoming quite often that Japan and the EU sign free trade deals
- Holland expalined by Clipphanger
The Bank is obligated to defend the peg.
I think that being able to weigh on practically all decisions made by our politicians gives the Swiss people a larger feeling of controlling its destiny, making it overall less prone to this feeling of disconnection between the ruling elite and the people, that's permeating the whole Western world.
The Nordic Council members have also had that since 1952
A state can only devaluate it's currency if it's pegged to another.
Denmark is one of the highest ranking countries for happines
Our dictionary is only like 2000 words long or smthn so i’m afraid the language will die out some day
It felt more like you were "roasting" but that's tolerable to me
Jutland is stereotyped as the "redneck" part of Denmark, and Zealand is stereotyped as the "city boys".
Such a good and fun idea you have gotten OP
It should be noted, that the Danish government stayed in power for some years after the occupation, and actively encouraged the population to "work with the Germans", even to the extend of actively encouraging unemployed workers to take jobs in Germany or otherwise work for them
Laidback with White Horse and Sunshine Reggae are very famous (as well as the others in the other comment)
For some reason it has gotten the reputation of being full of scooter/moped riding wannabe gangster teenagers who's worst sin is staying out pass their parents' curfews
It has around the same share as non biodegradable waste in electricity production
Due to EUs size and much lower dependence on the UK they will not be hit nearly as hard by a UK leaving the common market.
the best are probably Aarhus university and Copenhagen university
I don't know if this was as big as a reason as it is in my head, but: since we have a state church it had to take a long time for people to get on board with making priests recognize something that some people will claim that the Bible opposes.
Huh, I wonder why Danish birthrates are so bad then.
Juventus FC and Torino FC are both football clubs from there, and I would guess that even non-football-fanatics have heard of Juventus at least
Unless his rhetoric causes economic ripples affecting the Norwegian oil fund our windblown neighbors will never notice.
While a union would obviously have certain advantages, I think a lot of non-Nordic people think we're way more similar (identical basically) than we actually are.
Danish numbers are notorious for sounding strange as they shift from a 10 base to a 20 base similar to French numbers
Good thing we are not catholics in my country then
A shirt has one Collar(c) and two Sleeves(s) and both are necessary
I married a girl from the island of Bornholm
The goal of a liberal parliamentary system with proportionate representation is exactly that: proportionate representation
Yeah, we'll arm ourselves with VÖRDA and VARDAGEN
Knep: DK to f*ck, SE trick
Wait
You are in NATO though, so I think anything else than Russian planes violating our sovereignty is extremely unlikely.
By who
"Newspaper"
Also I think it's worth mentioning that many of the parts of the cathedral themselves aren't **that** old, as it was restored "recently" in the 19th century
That stuff looks rank when you throw it up
Norway, very high wages and I basically speak the language already
Other times he'd spend the weekend at her house, and they'd join our and her families when we vacated somewhere interesting (because who wouldn't like a free vacation with your boy/girlfriend
Yeah, terribly sorry about that, I can imagine it was quite humiliating
Dovne Robert is an [actual person] who went on TV bragging about his glorious life on kontanthjælp.
Lanciers (which I actually kinda like) is just like
Instead, they just got delayed by some 15-16 hours and had to deal with loads of pissed customers, while Ryanair could kind of just sit back
"Nederlandene" is the offical name but it sounds stupid so we call it Holland
Vent er det der Lalandia kommer fik sit navn fra
We have the mandatory cooking classes too, also in grade 7
Just don't be pushy and have respect for the culture and generally everything
At least domestically
I used to hate being outdoors in general
I learned this news just now by reading your title
Fuck up free speech
Directly vote for European parties, instead of voting through the national party;
While this does help in the election, I think it's more about the Turkish government trying to ignore the Dutch one, while being in the Netherlands.
My generation seem alright
Agreed, which I think most Danes would
Somewhere cold and rainy, I’d say the Scandinavian countries but i sadly can’t be seen supporting them in any way
I could get used to that
I just find the law silly if the goal is to get people to ride their bicycle instead of always taking the car.
What a weird combination
I get why
Took SPD long enough to realize there's a red majority in the Bundestag
Whose values would we all follow
It used to be as low as ~3% in the early 1800s, which seems even more unimaginable
In Denmark there are always danish people in the danish households
And this same viking is obviously believed to be the father of "Regnar sønnerne" (the sons of Ragnar), who lead the conquest of the Danelaw
mutual hate between Sweden and Denmark
> political independence
Everyone does it, abselutely everywhere from the most remote village to copenhagen
There's just something lovely about Autumn
- Completely random choice of gender
Hell, even Serbians and Croats didn't work out, and they are about as similar as you can get
Denmark on the front page, we did it
2500 = two one half thousand = to et halvt tusinde
he does it only to provoke
They’re reserved for December only
80, firs: fire + sinde + tyve - meaning 4 times 20 (fire is 4)
At least that's why so many Germans, Norwegians, Swedes and Dutch people come here when asked why
At our company we are also a mix of a lot of different nationalities so English is the lingua franca anyways
Copenhagen is more expensive than France or Germany.
It's not a holiday
Such an attitude and behavior towards people that simply disagree with you is not constructive in the slightest, but simply creates a divide, as people aren't going to be interested in any kind of debate
Of course, given 2016's track record, I'm not hopeful..
Maybe it was because I was too tired, and I shoud probably give it another chance
It would be great for them
Yeah those still apply
Sure if you're like 4
Gifflar is likely the most beloved Swedish product in Denmark
Almost all words associated with the crafts (håndværk) are German words for instance
Cocio skal være koldt
I'd prefer German to be honest.
Macedonia also don't have any real issues with the rest.
It’s a disgrace
Probably "De higer og søger
I don’t really know how it is from a norweigian wiew
Another kind of Danish:
Here is the original Danish Tuborg Christmas in [can] or [bottle]
I think the English name it was translated from was Faroffistan
I have taken the liberty to translate the lyrics, keep in mind that I have translated nothing but the meaning
If it’s just a singular word I want someone to try and pronounce then it’s “Æblegrød”. It has both the Æ and the Ø. Translates to Apple Porridge
Maybe the Aztecs had the right idea about those hearts to Huitzilopochtli
Valhalla
Then he's your pick
Bees don't go out if it's too windy or cold or raining and their pollen distribution can be sloppy
“Stuen” is street level or ground floor
It's literally like looking at EU visiting China 30 years ago - the smiles has just shifted
And should stay cold, so people are concerned about the climate change
Calling BT a newspaper is an exaggeration - it's a tabloid at best
What I experienced in Ireland was a work culture that was founded in distrust to the employee and focus on hitting obscure KPIs instead of focusing on efficiency and value generation
You can hang these all year round, even at night
Afaik Svensken is an archaic term which means "The Swede" but is used to denote the entire population
Universities are free in Denmark which also applies to EU citizens
Why is portraying it as such anti-semitic
It would probably cause the British to come by and bomb copenhagen again
It just seems odd to me that there would be some region of Denmark where all of these were absent
You seemed pretty confident about it.
There's just a time and a place for it
I never claimed he was a good man
Sweden is the annoying big brother all the Nordic countries love to hate and make jokes about
I'd probably say [Bornholm] for the [most charming] region, and [Møn's Klint] for some of the most beautiful views.
You're not addressing my points, as you're only accounting for half of my argument, hence the confusion, I believe
That's a quick way to never get invited in again
do they not want feel comfortable in their homes?
**Danish:** Trillebøren
To me learning to ride a bike is like learning to tie you're shoes
It will be fun again in a few years :)
Mind manipulating fluorine and shit!
Of course it matters when you start.
I'm dying in this heat
It's complete bullshit, just like the stories on no so called "no-go zones".
In towns the water can be a bit
Yeah, there has been some serious Trump and USA hate going in Denmark
ÅLLÆÆÆ ÅLÆ ÅLÆ ÅLÆÆÆÆ VI ER DE BEDSTE VI ER DE BEEEEDSTEEE
Our country doesn't just exist to supply a made-up identity to people who know nothing of it.
I know a lot of international students work in food delivery as it's flexible with hours, and you basically just have a bike to be able to work, and the fact that when you are an EU citizen, as long as you work 10 hours a week, you are entitled to the study stipend of approximately €800/mo which will most likely pay your rent and food
I always wondered why Hungary and not Denmark since we made porn legal first
EDIT: I would have liked to have learned more about the Thirty Years War
English or French I guess
Ours is very poetically named after the standing slur for middle eastern immigrants.
It rimes i Danish too
The reality is that a minority of Europeans speak Spanish after all so that could be part of the explanation I suppose
He overthrew some really awful people to get into power.
I have been lied to
Didn't Americans also start celebrating "Leif Ericcsons Day" instead of Colombus day for some weird reason
It depends heavily on what you want to study, as some fields are way more popular than others
Eruptions are rarely "predictable" down to a human timescale, and there's no guarantee that the next eruption at Yellowstone is gonna be on a scale that clickbait articles wants you to be afraid of
I have several
And Turkish Nationalists are as big of a problem if not more of a problem in countries where they've refused to assimilate for 3 generations+.
Then again, here it's uncommon to live at home after 20 years old (this is also around the time where your student support starts being affected by your parents' income)
I had forgot how warm 10 degrees is
How
But Norwegian is a cute language
I didn't study abroad myself, but I did spend some time looking into the option.
Then putting them up for sale
It would totally decimate our labour market and high wages
They panicked over seeing the wrong skin colour.
It's not as offal as everyone says
And ofcourse when they do it it's totally okay, because according to the former DF leader and the current speaker of Folketinget (our parliament), the European Parliament is a rat nest so that makes it okay, because everyone else is doing it...
Not that many of us don’t simp for our great reputation though
Although Christian II had pardoned the nobles and left them unharmed when he captured Stockholm months earlier, he had no choice but to follow the orders of the church in dealing with heretics
No, we're pretty fond of each other and have a good relationship
Have the strategic gelato reserves exploded?
Claiming ownership of other people's cultures is basically what colonialism is and *was*.
So it's more of an option the anything
I have no idea why and it’s not like Denmark is a particularly dance-focused culture (almost the opposite, no one “can dance” and people aren’t expected to)
The instrument in his hands is a [sextant] and it's used to messure the altitude of the sun or a star
We don't really have national parks in the "No cities, just wilderness" kind of thing (because there's no space for them), and people live and work in the parks since they include both small villages, urban areas and cultivated farmland, but we have four zones designated as national parks because of their unique and valuable nature areas and landscapes.
Because "the day before yesterday" is just a linguistical atrocity
Here, the government has come down much harder with restrictions etc
You can have a pony instead
Never been asked to show passport
Time for you to switch to the superior danish language.
Out west we have some German infrastructure, mostly bunkers, a couple if cannons, and some special roads made if large blocks
We need to unite and work together
Happiness is best when shared with others.
otherwise I'm quite happy with it
They came from locals desiring independence from a regime that didn't represent them
24th in the evening,then 25 or 26 there's a big lunch party thingy
The mess in Donetsk, not so much.
well, the wording _is_ a bit off
And of course, you couldn't expect anything from the airlines, when they were called Ryanair, Norwegian, EasyJet, etc
Then you have the gall to say *"You guys can start by reducing consuption drastically"*
After losing Skåne we still had Norway, Iceland, Slesvig-Holsten and Greenland
With the Dutch I understand maybe 85%, though it's slow reading
I heard /u/DownAndOut2010 was paid for by Soros, I got it from a good source, I have the best sources.
They replaced it with a giant soap foam machine last year for us, 150
Hvad fanden var det lige du sagde omkring mig, din lille tæve
It won't.
Daaaaaar noed galt i Danmark, Munke Mølle maler helt a helved te
> Dunglish
Prietenii mei românii din diaspora cred la fel, și că strain, ei sună și arată că ”the real thing”, dar sunt frică nu are o șanșă la alegeri în noiembrie
At least some loanwords from indo-european languages
Also in Copenhagen we have different Universities for different fields and they are regarded as equal
Still a huge sum compared to even our Nordic cousins.
If you made a cross-flag then yes, otherwise, we'll have to find someone else.
Some put the flag on christmass trees, not everybody
I don't know what you mean by headline or effective rate.
i dont had a german gf
I mean, if typical Danish cities is one of the cosy small towns on the east coast of Jutland or in the Islands, the mentioned towns will certainly stand out
Dansk, Jysk, Sønderjysk, Sydslesvigsk, Platte, Tysk
Should correct my original post “new” is not accurate
He'd be the product of side-of-the-dirt-road bush (i.e. the closest thing to a motorway toilet back then) sex
According to these [Danish statistics] from 2016 our numbers are about the same as Poland
The other side was also Denmark back then, and the cannons can shoot about half way across, which is why theres a similar (albeit way less impressive) fort on the other side
Women's trousers (regular ones, not even sweatpants) are notorious for shitty pockets
yeah, Lindisfarne is 793, but the first attack was in 787 already
It's nice, do it if you are nearby, but otherwise don't bother
Drug trafficking is mainly run by biker gangs like Hells Angels and "immigrant" gangs but there is and i believe has never been a drug kingpin the size and scale of anything seen in north or south america where they essentially run entire neighborhoods and areas, pay off police, run international supply chains, bribe politicians, own lavish mansions and apartments, drive around in fancy cars with convoys of armed men and own expensive jewellery
I think it's both for "hygge" for him, as well as the fact that he has a big and old house and turning on the fireplace is quicker and cheaper for heating, than going around turning on all the radiators so the cold from the other room don't spread to the areas he's in
Doesn't happen often, but when it does, it sounds horrible
Furthermore, the international community at large agreed back then that a country does not need to have ratified the treaty in order to be bound by it, or punished for violating it
Class conflict is a process, and as such it's also possible to reignite progressive change
Practically everyone in Denmark is on a first name basis, up to and including the prime minister
This will discourage some
Yeah, it's just poorly divided regions by the state
- The amount of inhabitants aged 30-59, who have only primary schooling, is at least 60% of all inhabitants in that age group
We had it through 4-6th grade I think
To fund those US will take even more debt and .....
No more people that are shit at geography
good good, let the hate ~~flow~~ **snow** through you
Just shy of a quarter would describe themselves as socialists(24,6%) (which, as we know, are *the* best, and the mods on this subreddit are all a massive bunch of commies(or so we are told in the modmail)), combine this with those that answered for labour parties(7,4%), and the "Reds" make up a third of the community
We are doomed
My principality have issued, as of today, no smoking at all during school even outside school grounds
Grundloven er 170 år gammel
Thank you for having such beautiful women
Obviously it's called a crisis for a reason, and it is something that we need to deal with, but Europe is still one of the most prosperous places on Earth, and that isn't going to change any time soon.
So will Denmark
I guess it all depends on the reader and what they read.
In Norway it's: "When was Denmark and Norway in a union
Not legal here in Denmark but it seems as if there is a growing minority of people who support it.
Å - A smaller river
Har ikke forstået hvad regeringen har gjort mod virksomhederne
they're the ones voting massively for her from what I've seen in the demo studies of the polls.
as a dane part norweigen and swede i am insulted that portugal isn't higher like does the longest alliance in the world not mean anything to you
And someone stole my phone in a changing room once
PKK is listed as a terrorist organisation in most european countries.
Afrikaans: Very little, same as Luxembourgish
But sure, if you just returned from Hungary where a beer is 2€ and you come home and pay 7€ for the same beer (and Denmark has cheaper alcohol than the rest of Scandinavia) it sucks
Good man
Maybe the view was already significantly worsened after the whole weird thing with the rapper incident and trump getting involved with the swedish justice system
I don't think an "ethnic dane" is inherently different from an "ethnic englishman" or an "ethnic frenchman" or an "ethnic german"
Denmark is one of two countries in the world to have no official or unofficial national day, the other being the United Kingdom
Every time I've been to Scotland I've had haggis at least once
Of course
I would still have crippling epilepsy and mental health issues so I would probably be “possessed by a demon” or some shit
We have both the US and Russia now trying to fracture Europe.
If I'm still hungry after then, I'll probably be grabbing a mix shawarma and chicken pita bread at one of the many shawarma joints that stay open all night in Copenhagen
Ja, det er den amerikanske version af en spandauer
Yes
It is, but that's how it is here
Supposedly Germany has it also (feel free to correct me on that), but all the focus was on us
Instead, even being a carpenter today is a semi-academic education
Americans and Brits kept saying how the Wilders-situation would end exactly like Brexit and the US Presidential Election.
I know many people who have done exchange programs (and also have so myself) all over the world; USA, Brazil, Ghana, Hong Kong, NZ, etc.
Don't confuse us with the Dutch
Pre-medieval Germanic history is weird
**You more than anyone should know it well ;)**
&#x200B;
Just because some people aren't, and that those often congregate in the same type of jobs and professions, doesn't mean that it isn't overall the most common thing
I simply took the country that had the smallest population and with no children as citizens
(/s)
The police just announced that they found an ID / document that fell to the floor of the truck cabin
To some extent, but the Americans don't really ask as much of us either
Nooo
Come on the fee is like 5 pence...
Actually I think, Malmø might've been more populated than Copenhagen at some point during the 16th century
” Fucking stop
Our government is cutting research and education substantially as well.
then, after a while, the UK says: hey, i dont wanna be a member anymore, because reason
Anschluss 2: Electric boogaloo
I think it's this one:
> Can Estonia into Nordic
But yes there is probably more depression since culture and media "romanticize" summer quite a bit and we don't get as much as places in warmer climates.
You also make a fine Bulgarian Yogurt.
This is having catastrophic consequences as these areas lack qualified labour and the current experienced employees won't move to the middle of nowhere
And if Germany didn't have Jewish, there wouldn't have been any Holocaust.
Reading everyone's comments in the thread is really entertaining, and getting an insight into other peoples natural way of structuring sentences is pretty cool
^^^Finland ^^^is ^^^not ^^^Scandinavia
> spam
And it gets more sparse every year
And I support another military intervention into the Middle East, especially into Iran/Afghanistan/Pakistan.
We don’t say it in Danish but we honestly should
> There's several different views on the matter
It never was
I sleep very deeply, and I find it much easier to wake up in the morning when light comes in
We will never forget
Maybe I’m a filthy Copenhagener but I would say it’s seen as the standard
My dad is an invalid and drives a Renault Captur with a DSG automatic.
Who let you loose
Everyone but Swedes and Norwegians will probably get it wrong - especially since my accent in English is (apparently) a mix of English and American.
You are making us all Scanian now, you snaphane
Most of this is for other companies, but they do also sell a bit directly to customers under different names like turfline, or Johnsons Lawn Seed
Oh, geez, yeah, that's really not great.
For sure, this is so haphazardly photoshopped together, for all we know *no one* has ever made this abomination
Denmark has free university for EU/EEA citizens, Sweden too.
Tbh I am scared of thunder
* Quoll = pungmår ("pouch marten")
Look at that distance to Sweden :,)
The scenery is absolutely breathtaking and I can't wait to go back again
Disco pogo came to Denmark in full force as well
We do have some of their culture over here, take for instance this ["Swedish Labyrinth"]
Usually 10x the recommended
You will destroy that too lmaof
I've had to stop myself from humming it in public a couple of times
German: A little, can figure out some words that look similar to words from languages I know
Danes are fatter than most of these nations that are in orange
I don't see any reason why that couldn't work if people were willing to pay for it all
Just some ten years ago before I started my uni degree I looked into going to the UK and then I believe it was £3000 per year
It's a reference to a law that is misunderstood
Just don't think too much about that they are 20-based
As of next Thursday to clarify even more
Sorry I'm in my phone so my post is kinda short.
Edit: It's April 12th
More than hourly if you browse r/popular
Sounds like Danish imperialism to me.
Mandatory from 4th grade when I were in school, it is now taught from 1st grade, though only something like 1 lesson/hour a week at first.
" or just a friendly "punch" on the shoulder or whatever if it's a close friend you see all the time
Iraq, Afghanistan and also Estonia now: the Danish force is working under the Brits when deployed.
Or what kind of food should be served in Kindergarten or if people are allowed to wear religious symbols
>As long as you are below the alcohol limit
We cheer when Sweden gets kicked out
But still a legend to this day
Pavarotti
If I read bokmål out loud i can pronounce almost everything in danish, where as nynorsk could be russian for that matter
These are the people Charlemagne was mean to
A quick look at election statistics show that the three most left parties got double as many votes from the greater Copenhagen area in 1977 and still does in 2019
Just a little more ways to go and it will take off I think.
That is different from the patriotic use of Stars and Stripes in the US
“Ghettos” in the nordics are just not the same thing as in most other countries
The procedures are broadly the same everywhere, pretty much.
But my fascination includes; The megatrend of the Eurasian steppe meeting European agricultural cultures in Ukraine
I bet if you asked them what they identify themselves as, they'll answer Turks.
This guy makes all these folksy songs that really isn't something I enjoy listening to, however this particular song has struck a chord with me because of the subject he sings about
It is too forced compared with native speakers who just flow
A LOT of adults were also sexually assaulted in this boundary-free time
Finally you add a good amount of alcohol to this, and everything is either bearable, or you either flee south for a winter vacation, kill yourself due to a winter depression, or build a longboat and go looking for somewhere warmer and lighter to invade
- Just say "Swedes", it's faster and we all know that's how it is
5\*20 = 50
Some bookies probably lost quite a bit of money on our draws, that was the most frequent result after all
As a massive history freak with a passion for churches, this is honestly affecting me way more than I could have ever imagined
Don't see how his skin color would change things.
In Denmark it is tradition to give people pebber if they are still unmarried when they reach 30
The government cant stop your parents from demanding you to do things when you are 18.
wow so the cool thing is to skate and wear baggy clothes
I’m studying to become an engineer, so getting a job with a good insurance and benefits probably wouldn’t be too difficult, but it would feel so wrong for me to live a (relatively) lush lifestyle knowing people are living without homes or food just down the street - with little to no chance of getting help
Same here
The same for me
Tak tag
> This is the approach for companies that heard about the GDPR 2 yearsago, said "its plenty of time left" and yesterday went like "what do you mean it is tomorrow
They are not real Germans, we can all agree on that.
Please make a fucking argument if you are gonna reply
Dude that's a joke from Carlsberg that the polls show us as the happiest nation in the world because we drink their beer.
Kæreste, meaning “dearest”. A couple is *kærester*, dearests
> But the second wave isn't showing in US deaths yet
Plus they have many workers that need to work every day to make money to like eat, so staying inside for a month is simply not an option for them
Also it's cool that they keep the old tradition of patro- and matronyms alive that we lost long ago, and only have remnants of
This labour executed by a group over a given period of time is the same as the labour embodied to the goods that make up the Net National Product
As if we dont have enough furries up here in the north
It IS a banana republic by now
So I imagine that Austrians and Swiz ppl are better at English
From a danish citizen
Then you will have a blast at “LEGO House” all the old models, from your childhood is on display there
Why
There were so many people, you couldn't see anything, and the painting was so small and in far away
I google translated it as I don't know Dutch, but yes I was trying to say cheers in Dutch.
A beautiful ecosystem
Funnily that (as far as I can tell) is pronounced exactly the same as the Danish word for he
Ø, which is an ø
You're right it was the public dissection that made them go bananas
English
Do you mean the rejsekort scanners at Hyllie, Triangeln and Malmø C?
I will never forget that weird moment I shared alone
With my friends I have a clear "I get this round, you get the next and if not - then surely its fine anyways
Come on dude flair up so we don't have to guess
Did he actually think he could just take it without anyone noticing with multiple cameras pointed at him
If a Dane is winning, I am a fan
My best mate is Italian from Sicily and have told me that mild based coffees like macchiato and cappuccino are entirely a morning thing, and only tourist are the only ones drinking it at other times.
You can at least acknowledge that :)
I think I remember hearing Jamie Bell say in an interview that they had to learn it, or at least a language based on it
Trying to pronounce the text makes it somehow understandable
I think it's the 16th century, my grandpa liked keeping old stuff.
My granddad from my mums side is from Als and speak a very heavy Alsisk, and I just have never understood it
My German collegue commented "What are those
I am pretty sure you can find 5 atheists.
It's the same reason I support bans on genital mutilation for minors
"A society can be (so/as) stoned
Of course you are, look, Denmark is right there
We were like
Merkel ditching the technocratic approach to governance
the black marble is gorgeous
In general Danes are polite people but not very open
4 would be doable, but put you in a pretty tight schedule when you factor in travel time and just the "time to get settled in and get oriented and figure out what I'm going to do in this city" time.
I didn't imagine anyone would mention Nadias
I always thought it was about just cooking, but in hindsight I remember there being washing machines too
I find our danish national anthem, "Der er et yndigt land" (there is a lovely country), to be very beautiful
Also the new tram system is to open this year as well
I actually think I drove very close to that place on my way to Croatia I should had stopped for Pizza but oh well.
And they're dying because of the acidification of the oceans due to the increased amount of CO2 absorption and plastic pollution
Also sometimes he would show up in malls and stuff and seeing that character as a two-meter tall person, is terrifying
France: going up in the eiffel tower overlooking paris
Oh yeah, and Copenhagen just got a new metro line, which has been many years late and billions over budget
Overall, we see no correlation between the current population of Germany compared to those during the 30s and 40s.
Why is it called IJ
Yes, if they are built before the war, then definitely
But one must ask oneself, why hasn’t the Muslim world been successful in having a “reformation” and what would it take to achieve it
* Education and academia has become increasingly watered out, with lack of funding
Through conquest and cultural imperialism
For us Danes, it really only takes one second to drink a whole case of beer
Don't be that person or you *will* get very loudly and passive-aggressively shushed
I am sure there are a lot, but I have no personal experience with them, as I have long since moved on to more specialised histories in that subject.
France and UK has a history of feuding, so you really shouldn't take their internal bickerings as being symbolic of how "Europe" feel about the UK.
Yeah paella is bland af
My little sister Tilde has been Tildchen since I learned German in school
Being a big area, actually owned by the military - few people other than people in their summerhouses live here
It was just a check up, and I will get it all refunded by my private health insurance
We didn't care if other people were in the house, if we wanted to have sex we had it, we'd just be quit
The government did make that commercial about how Danes should have more sex (eg more kids), which got a bit of criticism - though mainly abroad
I vote yes for this map because Denmark gets more land yes yes
I’m not too sure, but I think you might be right
I love how kæreste is just so simple
I'm mostly a monarchist because they have played a uniting role in danish unity and have never been involved in any huge scandals like the Spanish monarchy has.
I've never thought that people can't ride their bicycles, especially because i cycle 15+km daily
In the Copenhagen area, the public puttefest is drinking our brains out in a forest while writing weird stuff on each other
Since I am only half danish, and have not been exposed to Scandinavian languages as much as most, I have trouble with understanding Norwegian and Swedish, so that is probably why
But strangely used the library attatched to the museum many times
I must ask what part of Denmark are you from
I 1773 kom der en navnelov for Hertugdømmerne (Struenses navnelov) . I følge denne lov kunne bønderne tage faste familienavne, som skulle følge familien i al fremtid og de kunne således gå bort fra det "ægte patronykom", hvilket vil sige faderens fornavn plus -sen el
open faced *sandwich* ain't no sandwich
Besides danes, germans, swedes and dutch who are so very easy to spot i also noticed a lot of expat kids who study in international school take on an American english accent and its obvious that they are non-native english speakers because you wouldnt find their accent anywhere in USA
Hitler's house was destroyed to prevent pilgrimages.
And look out for things that you know something about.
Don't they say half past three
It's been an international centre and a melting pot for almost two centuries
No taxpayer bailouts should be free
Literally *toe curving*.
Very comfortable place to live but not very exciting at all
I can't speak highly enough of bands like düreforsög, LLNN, Wuthering Heights, Artillery and ORM as well
I disagree, they also feel quite different to hold.
Not in Danish
Hartmann A/S
After birth every first time mother is invited to join a "mom group" and from what I understand talking about the pregnancy and its culmination is the major topic
Also, when Norwegians say "knask eller knep" it sounds a bit dirty to Danes, because "knep" is Danish slang for "fuck".
A lot of them have a naive view that knowing English will make them attractive on the job market
I'm not, I just don't think their agenda is universal
And if you continue from there, you'll go down Via Panoramica towards Salò, there's a couple of great viewing spots from there
I suppose if history books are given the same value as whatever someone writes online, because it is "just something someone wrote" it is quite scarily easy to believe that this is happening
-AndyPhoenix
Though I do think they glorify Elizabeth a bit, everyone comes across as complex and flawed people
Why I definitely identify as a Dane and see nothing wrong with it.
It's a solution to *future* ones.
Stylistically important but the house should function the same, just with different visual architectures
Incredibly helpful, friendly, and kind
And no, it's not pronounced the same way as hoe
I'd say more popular artist right now could be things like Ukendt Kunstner, Siivas, KESI, Gili, Artigeardit and Benny Jamz
In the reaaally obscure category are people like [Lille Heroin] [Pattesutter] and [Jesu Brødre] but I’d say they require some Danish knowledge
If this happened to me I would simply jump and let the wind decide my destination
It is the liberal ideology I am opposed to, and all subsets of it(to varying degrees ofc
Or Shaving cream or soap
When is the time period established.
"I Danmark er jeg født, der har jeg hjemme, der har jeg rod, derfra min verden går."
Formålet med loven var at formalisere vejen til Grønlands selvstændighed og blev indgået med det eksplicitte krav fra grønlandsk side at det var Grønland ikke Danmark, der kunne beslutte sig for eller imod selvstændighed
By that logic ISIS stated in Pakistan in the 1980's.
Eu văd pe subul din când în când, și eu placut meme-uri de acolo mult, dar cred este un pic prea complicat, când vorbiți despre politică și altceva că nu este chestiuni simple
He has appointed a notorious climate change denier named Myron Ebell to be the head of his energy and environmental policy team.
Maybe I've missed some vital information somewhere
one mouthful and they are gone
Its not only about us (Europe) either but also about more poor areas who will definitely not be 100% renewable in 10 years
Come on, man
Well actually people mated and produced more people indeed, but we ended up with less people due to illness
" |
The fucking MOMENT my vacation started the weather went shit
Glad to see they never removed the copper roof
I just thought it looked very similar to another post I saw yesterday
Work vans are also used sometimes
Live in a country that isn’t cold and gets little sun
IF I SEE A SINGLE TANKIE I SWEAR TO GOD
A foot is still a foot - regardless of being the preferred unit (which is another issue)
Flag
oh, I missed that you are the same person.
Begge oversættelser er i princippet korrekte.
This is why the politicians in question have either stepped down due to immense pressure from the public or have had their political spokesman positions taken from them by the party
10/10 great entertainment
But if they're sober it just comes across as strange (although not rude) for a friend to tell you that he loves you
Have any of you experienced something like that
Because nipples are dangerous, can’t have kids see them /s
At any rate, considering ones own traditional names ugly seems to me like cultural self-loathing
"Halvfjerdsindstyvende" means 70th whereas just "halvfjerdsindstyve" means 70
Well there's a lot of contenders for Denmark, in my opinion
I'd also prefer having as little asylum seekers as possible.
They're the ones giving populism its current popularity by completely ignoring issues.
British, but you can choose either as long as you don't jump rope with it.
I (in)
They *do* spend a lot of money here, though, so it's all fine
I don't know anyone that uses either sadly :(
**Norway**
If it is more historical I guess it would be one of the many, many pictures of [King Christian 10
Or a chip is a slice of a potato.
Not even the Muhammed drawings triggered the blasphemy law apparently.
We don't have a minimum wage at all in Scandinavia because we set the wages by sector according to the agreements that happen between the workers unions and the business unions
Fuck
And that's not even counting the danification process, the Greenland treaty during WW2, Thule Air Base or all the shared history and culture through rigsfællesskabet
what memes
Americans aren't especially kind or rude, you guys just happen to be explicit with your emotions in public than many European countries deem appropriate
Its e beautiful part of the country but the tourist infrastructure isn't always pretty
Instead of hoping I would just give them a quick call.
Of course
Germany: Thank you for cheap border shopping and excellent humor
I’d like to visit some time though
Some may have a different view but i feel like Copenhagen is a world of its own particularly in the summer when there are tourists
Greece: going up to the acropolis
At home 8 hours of sleep have always been a minimum, and we would eat dinner and usually breakfast together everyday
Exactly
But it has a hammer and sickle sign, clearly they are commies.
It’s an 80s thing, but somehow the jokes stuck
Yeah, as far as I know, it started basically as a grassroots kind of thing.
Norway will always be our little brother, imo
Swedes could get better at saying "We don't have no-go-zones but a soultion to help these challanged areas could be..."
It had a huge effect in Denmark, when you had to pay for bags.
OP said
&#x200B;
You'll be amazed by this and hopefully it'll change your mood and you'll appreciate smaller things!
It is also possible to legally own semi automatic handguns and rifles in Denmark as well.
I don't know the biggest scandal anymore, since there's always this and that as a "scandal" so I have no idea whats biggest currently
Unis are free and we get €800 a month for not living with our parents while studying, which is enough to pay for student accommodation and all other nessecities throughout the month
For the most part, it's a very nice little city.
Of course this doesn't mean that there wasn't a huge underground resistance in the years to come
But you're welcome to come up here and convince the country that people might save a syllable or character by not using "single" grams, I frankly don't give a care
lol, I thought it was Cities Skylines
Denmark is more like 23 today
I guess that’s why we usually score a bit higher than you in happiness
lots of companies still do
I much prefer Rema1000 over Lidl, here in Denmark
It's not up to USA to make sure they're being "fair" to me.
No reason you couldn't do that in Romania for example, but just know that it is a long and hard struggle against the people that profit off of having low wages and benefits
You don't know how bad Greece has shit the bed
"Tyvärr, jeg har *ju* en tenta"
Gifflar, Marabou, Malaco candy, Pågen and many more
But I almost never "forget" what the Danish equivalent of a word when speaking or writing it is unless it is a technial term I've literally only been taught in English
In reality, there is no "Denmark" separate from "The Kingdom of Denmark", and Greenland and the Faroes are an integral part of the country
What’s the most impressive piece of architecture in your country
There is an expectation to be independent I'd say, you're not longer a child after all
We ended taking a very long taxi ride to the next city (which was wonderful again)
I hope you lovely baguette people will survive
> I don't know the origin though
Until those greedy brothers decided to join the rival
Personally I’m getting tired of the current trendy Hollywood take on Vikings, and how historical figures and events are changed to Norwegian because it’s cooler
We simply had two teachers standing at a board, telling us about historical events pertaining to their chosen event/subject matter
In Danish as well: "Drage"
I snorted ;-) Then was a bit saddened by how spot on that is
Then at highschool, you may learn Spanish, and some places you can learn Mandarin
Disappointed you chose Sweden over Denmark or Norway
Yes, it's very common - I'd guess more than half of the population has a middle name
Liberalization of the market with a few basic regulations.
Also when they leave the church together we throw Rice at them
Are you guys allowed to get married at 15
Jesus christ, so fucking what
Can someone explain to me why a gay couple would want to get married in a church for example despite the religion being against gay people
Our EU 'representatives' are an embarrassment
You'll see more castles in a day than you'll see in years
It was maybe 4am and they were showing some women shooting sports
Winning elections doesn´t mean "acting in the interest of people".
And people say you guys don't have a sense of humour
* 1953: The voting age is lowered, a conditional female succession to the throne is introduced and the Landsting is dissolved, so that Denmark gets a one-chamber system with the Folketing as the only national representative assembly
Of course
Yes, you can't have unity or cooperation between nations without the actual nations
Norway: I have admittedly never been there, but their national day, the 17th of May
I mean in some stores but then you just go to the next one
They're in the kingdom of Denmark, but not a part of the country of Denmark
Bernie's M4A includes dental coverage for everyone
New Zealand governments seem pretty "vanilla" when you compare it to other places.
Sweden's military has been involved in Afghanistan and Kosovo alongside NATO
When danish people insult norwegian people, they call them "mountain monkey"
Examples: Nation = Nasjon
But I am a Dane who has been working and living in the UK for some 9 years now
In Denmark we have "there is no cow on the ice" (der er ingen ko på isen) which roughly means "there is no problem".
For femoghalvfjerdssindstyvende gang, det kommer ikke til at ske!
Meaning it's farfetched or meaning the same as 'it's greek to me'
"få røven på komedie" "get your ass on comedy" it means your in trouble
When it turned out they were under 18 (though the people actually buying the alcohol weren't), the cashier called the cops
You know how you can just casually go to the mountains when you want
ATM machine needs a PIN number
Language is fun
But still, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the top 4 nations in the world are from one of those 2 continents, considering how big a part of our culture football really is
" kinda thing from staunch capitalist types etc
Sønderjylland - incest, Alabama-ish
There is a difference between "muslims" and "refugees", you know.
I still don't know how to say kamelåså
My mate who came here this last summer could say "rødgrød med fløde" after 5 minutes
they also import a ton of stuff and would want the same thing
More detailed for hikes and nature trips
Ha, it's a funny story actually
when I walked to the bus it was 15c...
Faxe Kondi is legendary in Denmark
She's human at the end of the day and I can't begin to understand how she must have felt at the end of day
The yellow one is the social security/health insurance one, yeah.
Very happy anniversary
At 30
Usually we see waves from a single direction hitting a beach, a pier or whatever but seeing them hitting other waves is just strange.
- The amount of inhabitants aged 18-64, who is not employed or signed up for an education, is above 40%. Counted as an average over the last two years
The Drachma would have dropped and similarly have increased the debt, the competitive advantage of devaluation would have been at the cost of internal economic value, and the competitive advantage from devaluation is short lived anyway.
I much prefer northern dishes to southern dishes
Personally I started asking my kids is they wanted to share a beer with me when they were 12-13 years old, and when they reached partying age around 15 I sat down with them on a weekend and got them tipsy, just so they knew how it felt and what to look out for
Looks like a road from one of those citybuilder games
Some Europeans are so fucking obsessed with the US, it’s ridiculous
There seems to be a divide between protestants and catholics in this thread which mest have spilt over to America
Send snow plz
These are the things i can remember learnig: plate tectonics, different proffesion types, climate, weather and exports and poduction around the world
Yes
If nothing changes then nothing changes
We need to get our shit together!
But they're real funky, it's a they're not international known
Dude, once Britain leves the EU, it's a fucking trading partner under WTO regulations, that's fucking it.
I hate it, too
Don't believe in guns, believe in the state assisting the poor and less fortunate, believe that the state sometimes needs to step in when the market fails
At least in the Rema1000 stores.
Also, is worth mentioning: Fashion
Karentæne (quarantine) is from Italian quarantina or quaranta giorni , meaning 40 days
When a 10 year old asks for a beer they'll usually get it, and their parents will smile when the kid inevitably realizes that beer had a.. peculiar taste that apparently is unpleasant for kids
Now renamed to United States Virgin Islands
If you exercise the muscle, the soreness goes away faster
I know what you thinking, it's not Paris
You'd only need to learn a few key differences and you should be able to approach it as if it was Norwegian
Nice to know
It's actually working pretty well, as you would know if you actually knew any Muslims.
The actual figure in the post is somewhat accurate, when it comes to the claims of socialism and covert racism, but it's slightly hyperbolic and obviously lacks nuance
To point out the how confusing the actual quote is:
It is worth noting there's a clear difference between Green and Blue scouts
I'll instead tell you about something more recent
Here, electric bikes, except [some Christiania bikes] are by far a minority
The King cannot declare war or make peace without the consent Danish parliament
Socialdemokrat
so much grime, i must be a magnet to that or something
My theory is that watching Swedish TV used to be much more common here in the past because of the limited amount of channels (My parents told me that all the kids used to watch Swedish TV all the time, at least), so they got more acquainted with the language (which in pronunciation is closer to Norwegian than it is to Danish, helping with that as well) thereby starting the myth that we do
They need our beaches to dig holes in the sand and see coastlines!
Perhaps more like Puerto Rico
We have two different neutral “genders”. Both sun and moon are -en, which is the most common one
I know Dr Ronda Patrick takes 4k a day and she lives in a sunny country
of course we've got your back
Well many European countries export a lot of goods to the UK (e.g. cars for Germany or pork for Denmark) who would of course prefer that no tariffs are imposed to make their products more expensive and thus noncompetitive in the UK market
Skål!
Ottomans were multi-cultural and multi-religional
No, it's because you leave out all the stuff that makes them sound bad.
~25-30 euro if i recall
But is weird seeing my younger brothers being smarter and better than me, in just about everything
But yea
Drinking and buying alcohol at 16, although you have to be 18 to buy stuff with >15% alcohol content.
The controversy came from the fact that the offender's were judged for actions commited before the law was decided
Pindsvin: porcupine and hedgehog
Want to swap
Prut doesn't have a dual meaning in Swedish
It seriously blew my mind when I learned that no one else had them
I went to a shop selling surplus military gear in Osaka, Japan.
just give us Gibraltar back already (from a Spaniard)
Such an amazing event where people who had been separated finaly could meet again
Now obviously there's also exceptions here as parents aren't complete idiots
And you must have avoided most news stories about the Balkans
I've had limited experience with this, but it also seems to be the place to go for (many) international routes.
And this is from a Dane, who has nearly crashed so many times exactly because of this
We then proceeded to treat them like second or third class citizens until circa 1980
After all it was just an old cold war way of splitting the world into what alliance a country was a part of.
See if you can find a list of the German films submitted for the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film.
That is actually the only reason
Dunno, I was born on Als, a Southern Jutlandic Island and the local dialects were closer to the other Scandinavian languages (ex potato)
This is due to the fact, that we simply don't have enough letters to properly represent all the vowel sounds in Danish
A local dive bar (bodega/'værtshus) will charge around 20-40 DKK(€2.50-€5.50) for a pint of local beer(Tuborg/Carlsberg)
But seriously, he's one of those kings rarely mentioned, so not many has an opinion on him
Part of the issue is that the whole premise of "religion" here is essentially an early-modern, Western Protestant construct
Brexit has just become this stupid piece of symbolic politicism, and people will do their best to get it to happen despite knowing it's a bad idea
My situation is pretty comfortable.
Agreed he would make a horrible president.
Ja, det er den amerikanske version af en spandauer
These are the only statistics I've seen.
Romeo and Juliet also seems to be popular
What show is that
SÅDAN DET SKAL VÆRE, NED MED SVENSKEN
Sometimes when I have to get the bus home, I have to get the driver to repeat what they're saying a few times before I'm back to danish again
Syltede agurker
That is a good question, i think i should specify country capitals, as i would otherwise lose too many bigger non-country capital cities
It's in no way representative
what a life
Which is understandable, there would be very little weight behind such a claim
Para dos, yes yes, I'll have it
If not, they are simply expected to appear on your own
It is a state-led project to let students do this ‘praktik’. Though It’s the school which decides if they’ll let their students take ‘praktik’ and for how long
No I don't want the damn government to tell me which charger I can use, or limit the phones available for me to purchase based on what chargers they have
At least Engineering has the lowest unemployment rate in Denmark iirc.
It is relevant if you want to discuss dialects
in china, the scale of air pollution is such that only a critical look at the sources will make a difference.
Damn, that's cheap, I could actually see myself becoming a regular there
Like offer out military contracts to the private and the lowest bidder gets it.
No not as such
he didn't mention anything specific unfortunately
Sounds like everyone does it here
Nowadays you can still find some old dudes in Norway's rural side making beer like they always did, with yeast cultures that in some examples have been kept alive since medieval times, and thanks to primarily one man, who toured the area a few years ago, West Norwegian yeasts(kveik) are some of the most hyped yeasts in homebrewing circles and among smaller breweries
Easy access to alcohol and "soft" drugs makes harder drugs less prevalent in Denmark.
Yes, that's true, but Iceland actually had an Icelandic king
SATANS svenskere ødelægger Sverige
Cheers
You need it as deterrence because nukes don't work when the enemy encroaches on your sphere of influence.
One of the joys of being Scandinavian is feeling like kind of a rich person pretty much everywhere you go, even Japan, which reddit told me was shockingly expensive
) a free education it's not nearly as big of a problem as Denmark already has free education that doesn't require people to move "far" (relatively speaking) away to get it
The only places I've been so far where this isn't common was Oslo and Cannes
I'm such a retard
He sounds like a drunk Dane lmao
I wonder if that gonna change in the future once the island goes from being a dead-end remote corner of the country to the transport middle point between Copenhagen and Hamburg
Men du kunne ikke, du gjorde det ikke, og nu betaler du så prisen, din satans kraftidiot
In Proto-Germanic, *bikwemaną could mean either "to happen", "to arrive at" or "to obtain, find".
Many of it's members wouldn't consider communist an insult.
While all terrorist attacks are obviously wrong and horrific, I do think that it makes a difference in the minds of people that the current ones are people coming from the outside.
I present to you: [The Results of the 2020, _Annus Horribilis_, /r/AskEurope Community Demographic Survey
Well no
And being invited to eat strawberry cake a staff member brought to work
We forgive you
I really don't understand how we didn't make the list
If someone defends tipping culture, I won't stand for it.
Thousands of people gather to mourn murdered Danish police officer.
So, out of curiosity, how do you feel about the 10,000 people who get gunned every year in the US *by Americans*?
Okay, there are a lot of things to address here, I don't even know where to begin
No-go zones only cease to exist if you happen to not call them no-go zones.
Some generalizations, but I don't hear any "get out of our country stuff" more social dumping is bad.
Pretty sure I just confirmed it
Genuinly curious
Just because _your_ opinion aligns with the opinion of this subreddit, which I have mentioned already, that is has an _extremely_ liberal definition of Europe
True, but it can be exploited to rig an election
Something between gymnasium and realschule
There's a difference between Hassan down the street who's lived there for 20 years now and has a nice family and a stable job and occasionally holds a house party for the neighbors and is on good terms with everyone, even the old lady who lives next door who is normally quite xenophobic, and Muhammad who came into your neighborhood 2 weeks ago, doesn't speak a word of English or your native tongue, has three wives and 16 kids, who also don't speak a word of English/your native tongue, and decides to live off of state welfare because then he doesn't have to lift his ass at all and is given everything he needs and thinks that Sharia law would be a better judicial system than what your country has now.
How about previous colonies like Lebanon
I mean, even here in Denmark, we still don't have a single high-speed rail line, and we manage anyhow
We would understand most of it, but not speak it ourselves
While I can sort of understand some of the "hate" I don't think it's deserved at all.
A more interesting question is how you want to deal with it.
When I was a kid there was no internet, no smartphones, or tablets
paté
Until the beer and snaps arrives
Well actually I was referring the Polish people who were begging for Soviet troops to come and save their lives
Remarkable thought that the pyramids was as old to the Romans who build
We should prescribe them some castor oil.
Blinkende lygter (Flickering Lights) (2000)
I've hosted lots of tourists on Airbnb here in Copenhagen who had to try out Malmö to check Sweden off the list
Our Gymnasium has a tradition of making first yearers run UP a hill, while second and third yearers stand on the sides and throw flour, ketchup, milk, water balloons, etc
On many houses they have hung up a sign if a famous/influential person lived there
Denmark is just gone
This is awesome dude
You need a permit to raise another countrys national flag, except the other Nordic countries or the EU or UN flag
Copenhagen is generally pretty safe, I avoid Thorsgade, Istedgade and Nordvest and the only time anything bad has happened was a catcall from two boys sitting on a bench
I wanna thank you for your contribution to science and also showing that you can have a succesful liberal society
As said, I'm an internationalist
/rant
However there are some who remind of eminem and the like
Ok but Bluetooth is named after a Danish king, so it's basically Danish
They just like to think about a higher power and a divine being.
Not a building, but when you mentioned the Statue of Liberty, I immediately thought of this huge beast:
don't worry, we don't switch to 20-base before 50, lol
The coolest one he had was from the king of..
Why is that tho
Here, people from all around the World came to talk very important business
Oh and crime, frankly
Traag is a great song, btw
I mean look at a company like Norwegian (the airline)
Or, rather, the observed average speed
it's fucking 2020
I'm pretty sure London is still geographically part of Europe.
Fuck no
Denmark: Go online with your National Online ID and get a CVR-number.
A northern and southern by majority and a middle by municipality.
For Denmark, I’d say it was when Danish politicians and Norwegian politicians discussed the oil resources in the Nordic sea
The weather in Europe as a whole is much milder than what you might expect from looking at a map and how far north it actually is.
There are those who are wrong, and those who eat chocolate buns
Really
I don't think that's a thing in Danish
Absolutely impossible
Amager
Now we have the shortest of the bridges on the 200kr note, and that's just silly
Or you know, that terrorist attacks aren't a daily occurrence in Europe and never has been, despite what a lot of media and political pundits claims.
Aww, you forgot me in Majapahit when you did the update.
I'm not an expert on the topic, but I think it might be a case very similar to standard Danish and Gøtudanskt
Nothing wrong with that
Norwegians come to Denmark as far as im aware..tons of them flock around our bordershops at a 3month interval..
> No flying cars
Now all their troubles have not been in vain
I wore as little as I socially could get away with, I was so warm
Can confirm
Vores sandbanke er bestemt ikke lavet af skidt
It may come off as subtle to other Swedes, but dear Christ
It seems anytime there's a bad statistic about our nation, it because Copenhagen has dragged the average down
I have no idea what stereotypes there are about the Danes
Ireland on the other hand
Didn't Poland take somewhere near 0 refugees.
I'm beginning to think that the media is slightly biased..
(And by this being able to fly American produced war planes to UK by a Canada, Greenland, Iceland route).
You then also need to figure out if it'll get you into trouble in any other way.
From Wikipedia, the following classes of speech are *not* protected by your constitution:
I remember at the 2000 Sydney Olympics I came home at night and turned on danish tv
Each member state should be allowed to make their own laws.
That's so cool
B.T. is just taking the usual tabloid poetic license
> There are 3-4 people injured by guns for every killed one on average
So he organized something for the sxith-form aged children, and kept at it until the place they were got raided
Yes a bit
Cutting in line, Denmark really likes to follow that kind of rules and you'll get stared at
Reason is of course that ampersand and Anders And sounds very similar.
No one is forcing people to migrate to Bayern
Suggesting that we should be kind to a Swede out of normal politeness is considered a form of treason.
My shoes are comfortable, you better not make me take them off
Danish and can confirm
For students like me, there's an option called Ungdomskort, which allows you to travel for "free" everywhere within zone 1 to zone 99 (so basically all of Zealand), if you pay around 650kr per month, and then you also get cheaper tickets for the rest of the country
Several of them definitely have a couple shitposts, though typically only 1 is anywhere near the top and rarely if ever in the first place.
TIL, I have never heard of this before.
Yes, even though everybody will say it's just a meme, it really feels like Swedes take the old propaganda literally and continues to hold it against us to this day
And the quality of life, lifestyle and general feeling here, you can get in Århus as well, without breaking the bank to just have more than a tiny one-bedroom apartment with hardly even being able to afford the the option to go out for a drink every once in a while
You have gotten a handful of responses telling you which cities are safest, but *none* which agree with your paranoid delusions that "violent mobs are constantly roaming the streets in these cities and if you go there you will encounter them".
Pusher (1996)
You're name is fine, personally I think it's way better than the generic Muhammad and Akmed.
If it's a big apartment-block or a house-row, they can easily be a lot older
Even though the Brits on the show repeatedly explained to him that it wasn't.
In Denmark, a case of 24x33cl beers normally cost 18 euro.
Germany will soon be the bulwark against the eastern-european fascist dictatorships
Completely besides the point and not a jab, but having a 'House of Lords' just seems terribly backwards to me.
yay Ireland
Here comes the strange part:
Survivor started getting developed in the UK in 1992 by Charlie Parson, it just wasn't ever aired
Our teacher didn't teach much tho so we got some pages and then googled the rest
Lol
>a mumbled gomorn
Even if he had won at Stamford-bridge, he then would merely have found himself in Harold's stead, meeting the Normans at Hastings, save with an even more impoverished army and far fewer friendly natives
This is simply not true
In fact, we just put up "temporary border control" against sweden too
Why would I answer your questions?
Wait what part do you live in
Taskmaster is a national treasure
or a border area like Malmö-Copenhagen
The pessimist in me can't help but note that you've forgotten the continued political cost for the current government of such data being gathered.
What can I say he make bad tea
[Example of a Danish price sticker]
[Pernille Vermund] is the closest thing we have to a "Trump".
> different interpretations of history
Where the crows turn back is also used here
I feel like it was more common in the 00s, but they still pop up here and there
And soon as they’re actually leaving “hey we’re bringing them back
They were popular in Denmark too, at least back when kids stil read comics in the 80's and 90's.
Looking at how good even hard criminals have in prison then yes it should be, but if there where made prisons with much less freedom and longer sentences then I would prefer that.
Meanwhile in Denmark, where the storm hasn't arrived we're getting 49% from wind energy...
Here in Reggio Emilia, Italy, that would be enough for a family house outside the city or at least a 3-4 br flat in the city.
I wish
So if you are going to ask a stupidly biased question, then please have your facts right...
It just gets old pretty fast
A political party is defined by their political policies, and if they aren't racist, then it's disingenuous to refer to the party as such
We set a candle in our window during the evening, to show respect and remember the fallen soldiers who helped gain our freedom and liberation from the germans
I'm not sure how to translate this
Some years ago a Christmas calendar tv show called The Julekalender, popularised a lot of phrases one of which was said by the main character Oluf Sand
It's the same thing in Köln, where they just patrol the halls with a rack of kölsch
Seconded
Drivers license is most commonly used though.
Some 14-year-olds think blind hatred and willful ignorance is cool and edgy.
[Maybe they are just bigger inside than outside]
Cats, but unfortunately I feel like in Denmark it is often a one-sided battle
000
The slight chuckle I get is when I look at the data for Denmark.
>I think that the two cities would have been called the same
I'm sure they have plans for different scenarios.
I am pointing out you would rarely find places with fertile lands where there was no other settlements within a 10 kilometer distance.
**Germany**
You don't have the right to not feed your kids until they starve just because you made them
North Korea has even attempted to distance itself from communism as they removed all mentions of the word in their constitution in 2009
TIL: Romans didn't like Bosnia and Herzegovina
Anyway, I should probably stop posting about this now before I waste my entire weekend away on this depressing topic
Risking your life to rescue some jews, while making some money on the side.
In Denmark we start way earlier .. not sure I should be proud of that
But not when I as a European is trying to make the point that it is pathetic to wallow in the misery of others
>But it's not debt that you have to pay if you don't make money
A lot of different theories exists and earlier this year a new 6 piece documentary (by Danish national tv DR, Norwegian NRK and Swedish TV4 Sverige) aired and sparked new interest in the mystery
So flights from the east coast will go via Perth to the domestic terminal to make it easier and avoid transfering from Domestic terminal to international.
Madrid
Is the Christmas present I got free
We did an exchange with a Dutch school, where they went to live with us for a week, and then we went to Gouda for a week.
We are
Always tap water
Night trains and high-speed trains usually have mandatory seat reservations, which must be paid on top of the normal price
I am half Danish and half Faroese and I identify as both because I am proud that the am Danish and it is not every day people meet someone Faroese
And granted, asking my few friends is not a very big group to go on, but none of them have either
It’s called ‘flair’
Indeed, occupying Eastern Europe did not win Russia any friends there
Happy googling
Congratulations
The only clean part of nuclear is the process itself
My best guess is [A Storm of Swords] Because the Lannisters and Starks are based on the Lancasters and Yorks...
We're a strong independent country, who don't need no Roman
There's nothing there, no playgrounds, no shops, coffee bars
Meanwhile I could guesstimate a lot in English
She was trying to convince me that because I speak English and had completed a Bachelor's degree, I must be in the top tier for in-demand jobs
I bike through there every day to work
Press the button: tryk på knappen
Suck it Sweden and Norway
Nobody wants to hear or see these bible thumping maniacs, and luckily we only have few I Denmark
It's not like it ever means "Guess the owners just aren't greedy.".
I've been keeping an eye on Poland for a while because I'm lgbt and there's a lot of talk about queer rights over there at the moment
The system is fundamentally broken.
Speaking of Norway
Screw that
You mean the military leader who was killed as an illegal act of war by the US
The Little Mermaid which is a HC Andersen fairytale
Don't apologize, the map is absolutely great the way it is
When dealing with skewed distributions, the median will sometimes be a better measure as it ignores e.g. the billionaires - people I assume you didn’t mean to compare yourself to
Wouldn't building a metro in Malta be a waste of money
I don’t really care
We do have both large military and intelligence communities.
A lot of it is based on stereotypes.
Good job
So I always consider letting them stay there as payment covering what we should be paying in NATO, and if they want to leave NATO, they can leave that base
I am far from an expert as I was practically raised as atheist, as most Danes are, and have never been inside a church in the USA.
> Have you actually ever shot a pistol
Is "volapuk" an English version
I was in Joensuu some years ago and it was +38 degrees
And the slogan of the worker's movement, labour union, parties, and of the autonomists should again be: "We want _everything_!"
Or maybe you just haven't looked into it and only go by gut feelings
Also, Ekofisk is closer to being in the British sector than the Danish one
Inside it's either lots of candles and getting the fire going in the fireplace, for warmth and that cozy orange light, or it's high-lumen white light to fool our reptile brains into thinking it's actually daytime
How does Denmark have too little debt?
meter rule has mostly just resulted in a lot of bars being exactly 39.9 sq.
- Don't take things to serious, have a nice weekend
Also, or at least from what I've seen on facebook from Swedes, you guys use Alfons Åberg a lot for memes
The elevador santa something, that I saw on a vacation there
the blue ones are only in the very center of Copenhagen (guess they got too tired of tourists not getting the point), whereas my example is in the entirety of Copenhagen as well as other larger danish cities
You can come back tho
[MØ - Final Song]
Ildebrand = Firey-fire
You consider that cheap
Yes a bit
Half of Danish electricity production is in general produced by windmills.
Utah ≠ Croatia
Absolutely disgusting
For some godforsaken reason, Danes *insist* on trying to pronounce English place-names and brands in the English way, instead of just pronouncing it like a Dane would
I would say that these are all decent people, even if you might disagree with them
Increase the number if polling stations.
And did you know that Swans can be gay?
Really not that hard, no “advanced memorization training” is required
I will never not opstemme The Julekalender
Like who is going into the second movie in this series going "wait, who is this Smaug guy and why does he have a wasteland
I don't see it happening, but I could be wrong
And obvoiously I'm not advocating division (in fact, I'm somewhat of a federalist).
I tihnk the difference is Roskilde University is generally regarded as worse than the others
Aarhus is good, aswell
All are belong to Russia aka Py$$j@
Far as I can tell we typically export wind energy to Germany as often as we import energy from them and generally rely more on importing energy from norway and Sweden when there's a lack of wind
Neither really
No one is holding a gun to your head.
You know, if you want people to support this idea, maybe don't borrow slogans from Trump.
It’s nice for when you just want to go on a weekend trip
That was the idea, at least
He got both personal votes, and so did Stram Kurs
* "Pis mig i øret" (piss me in my ear) - either used when something is annoyed or a "polite" way to tell someone to fuck right off
Some of the [old buildings and canals] in Copenhagen have taken inspiration from the Dutch
Teenage drinking is basically an integral part of Danish culture
He only ran for prime minister once, and lost miserably
In Denmark it's: "When did Denmark own Norway
Maybe, just maybe, the widespread popular disafection with the EU has as much to do with the Union as with alleged eastern stupidity
Fake news
Hmpf
At a jazz Club in Vienna with our School
..which is why I said "Then we'd only have Ireland
That part isn't true, of course, but the rest is pretty spot on
Maybe the Aztecs had the right idea about those hearts to Huitzilopochtli
Let me guess, in order to save it, we need to give more power to Verhofstadt.
From Metal / smaller components ect.
Otherwise we generally dont interact
TAKE BACK SKÅNE
We have never used anything else than a pizza cutter
The Russian ambassador to Denmark posted a [tweet] a year before the last parliamentary elections saying that it doesn't even make any sense to meddle in the Danish election, as the government will be russophobic no matter who wins
The only annoying thing I've noticed about it is that it will mistake the word "in" for an abbreviation of inches, so if a text reads "1978 in Germany", the extension will convert that to "1978 in (5,024 cm)˜ Germany".
In Denmark it is Danishes duh, it wasn’t even invented by Danes it was invented by some bakers in Vienna Austria
I certainly don't know anyone who do or any nickname-versions of another name
I think what is happening, is that Æ is becoming an a or e when it is inside a word.
I'm not denying they believe these things/act in that way
This sounds very good
I would love to migrate to Amsterdam one day
Some call it Saladpizza but the ingredients are usually the same
He is everywehre in documentaries right now, he made DR's Danish History one a few years ago, and also the Reunion with Sønderjylland one this year
But we are pretty far along when looking at the green energy and social help stuff
How do I obtain a flair if you don't mind me asking
Måske, mit eneste tilhørte forhold til vest Jylland er mine bedsteforældre, der begge var socialister
Unfortunately anecdotal evidence can overwrite the facts we have about the wider situation, in a persons brain
>Bulgaria is 10% comprised of gypsies who will steal your TV
In Danish we say "store nosser"  which means big balls and is synonymous with being brave
It's not noticeably worse than the UK system, is it?
Especially because of the money I save on other tickets, since my parents live in another part of the country
Unis are free and we get €800 a month for not living with our parents while studying, which is enough to pay for student accommodation and all other nessecities throughout the month
But instead it has just stuck its head in the sand and let hundreds of thousands die and millions be displaced, because people are “tired of wars”. As if wars are going to go away because you are tired of them
Not in Danish
I could see myself living there
Germany, southern Slesvig
Why would you not control for socioeconomic status?
these days, i only use salt
We just like to play it safe
You can see the little bit thats our mountain
Was not expecting this
I haven't seen it, but I hear about it in every social media.
Dude, not fair
Plus, it's more fun to play "spot the Swede" than "spot yet another Brit/American".
I recently saw another German series on Netflix though, called Tribes of Europe
Ich muss das Memo verpasst haben :/
'Nuff said
People who are considered a danger to society will be detained, others will be let go
For sure
isn't it that small minority swedish they found in a valley somewhere, that's actually closest
This is basically what the opinion towards the risks in Western and Eastern European countries
Jeg kan ikke forstå hvad du mener, jeg er Dansker
That is a weird way of saying mountain-monkies
Capital Æ is mostly written like it looks on a PC
I feel that lol
the obvious answer is because the EU is really struggling with the number of countries already in it.
People don’t really care if you are an atheist or Christian so long as you behave
That time a moose swam over from Sweden and caused traffic delays?
_Edit II:_ [Here's a map with the areas circled] Because of the tourism industry, Bornholm isn't really seen as being "the middle of nowhere", despite being isolated from the rest of the country
I feel like the northern / scandinavian countries should just gang up and divide Sweden between them.
Like, what if you’re lonely
I've always thought it sounded strange
I meant fucking proost, just put me to the guillotine.
Hydro was built because it was a nobrainer cheap source and now Norwegians can virtue signal about how green they are without having invested like the rest of us
We actually only just got ours like within the last 10 years so it's not much of an achievement
it doesn't surprise me that you end up being left leaning on certain things since a left wing (actual left wing.
I feel you
Pony or nothing
The tidepod nation
On friday and saturday nights i would stay away from the northern parts
I wasn't expecting the small street I grew up on to be included, this is awesome
They are our mentally challenged cousin, but they are ours
There’s not even an arbitrary rule where you can say “oh most animals are x and fruits are y”
Perhaps the loss of Norway and Schleswig and Holstein
That's the ugliest flag I have ever seen.
I could write a whole rambling about how tired I am of the potato jokes and how I feel like they may legitimately hurt our language but I’m too tired
at least, in public
Kind of impossible to find a native translation since we just use "fuck" as a loan word all the time
I went to school with a Polish guy for example, and he was no different from us Danes at all, besides him having a Polish name and his parents having an accent
1 km long pedestrian street (and tourist attraction, for some reason)
Us danes will support you dutchmen throughout this entire conflict
Denmark has a tax ceiling of 52%. The top bracket starts at 48,000 Danish kroner per month (66,000 Swedish)
From what I hear and read, 'liberal' means exactly the same here as there
I thought that was us
Well we can easily agree racism=bad, but to get mad and complaining over a way of saying "taking a shit" seems like a bit of a Karen move
With the flags
I'd say Bornholm
but it's SO much easier to find gaming related websites (for example) in English
So it's not really a public ISP at all.
Man, one day I really have to visit Tyrol.
Isn't that the norm for everywhere but southern Europe though?
"Tyvärr, jeg har *ju* en tenta"
They are going to keep buying marijuana wether it is from the state or some illegal environment, so why not make it into something the state can gain from, instead of some local druglord somewhere
Take that Djenghiz
That explains so much :)
Ægypten / Egypten - Egypt
\-Bowsers castle will be in France, near belgium
We know the names of the states and their approximately  location but the midwest and North east can be quite hard to perfectly pinpoint
I don't think I could ever live in USA
Når livgarden har for travlt med at tælle mink
I dont remember the details but i heard some professor explain why, on the radio a couple of years ago
(Atleast my class were all 13)
I used to hate being outdoors in general
Some Danish exsmples would be
What more confuses me is why are the different languages different articles
I have visited 9/10, of them
I can provide peer-reviewed research on every claim I made above if it is of interest to anyone
People share left and right at a party, but if you had a bottle of whiskey and someone else had a bottle gin, you might share or exchange, to get variation in drinks - but if somebody else simply drank your whiskey not having asked you beforehand, that would be very rude
Wales didn't become a country until 1056, and by 1282 they were under English rule
try harder to listen to the people youre describing.
And then after the war decided to leave central and Easter Europe to murderous communists.
Com'on guys
Do you know how many European countries have territorial disputes?
Several of them are believed to be based on actual historical figures
I thought you meant it as something to be enforced, but you meant it as something that would be optimal
Isn’t that only the Czech Republic
A multi-ethnic empire born through conquest, which resulted in the extinction of nearly every other language in Mediterranean Europe save Latin
In my city, all the city busses have 3 sets of doors
It should be spelled "ad" and not "at", since it is a fast way of writing the latin word "ad" (via) just like & is a fast way of writing the latin word "et" (and)
It's really just about reading the Dutch sign and trying to guess how a word is pronounced and it'll likely remind you of either a Danish word or possibly a German or English word with the same meaning
the 60 km/h sign is for cars, not sure why they're always placed all the way on the other side
I don't see why anyone would want schools not to teach it
A sign came up - with the winner and the big letters AUS - and he proclaimed gold for Austria
Ligge/lægge (laying) and sidde/sætte (sitting) are common grammatical mistakes
Well, maybe in, like, Serbia
We put them in the fridge
It was named as such because like how Harald united the danes, Bluetooth unites devices
Also a few from 1400
Pis, for fanden, satans, for helvede, fandens også, og sikkert flere jeg ikke lige kan komme i tanke om
Advise parents that the current  medical    consensus is that routine infant male circumcision is not a   recommended   procedure; it is non‐therapeutic and has no medical   prophylactic  basis;  current evidence indicates that previously‐thought   prophylactic  public  health benefits do not out‐weigh the potential   risks
Like I said, I agree that if we are talking autonomous country only, then Greenland shouldn't be on the list
Had a white Christmas here in Nordsjælland last year
That’ll make them move
It's not like they're the only ones doing it
When I went to Göteborg I tried to speak danish and understand their Swedish but I just couldn’t understand them so I switched to English
The thing is, if Le Pen had already been elected, then the fake migrants would not be let in.
and weddings
If it was 10 degrees and sunny all the time I wouldn't mind it
You can always go back to glorious [1219] and take your rightful place under the Danish Throne^[1].
this thread is full of the typical anti-american europeans full of themselves
Some poor chap is going to be so flattered he'll gild you, and then you'll feel bad.
Is this a real ad
Norway exporting hydro-power means that other countries can decarbonize their electricity generation
I just joined the subreddit today
And second, there are the 701 women who signed the Sofie Linde-letter, 300-something women who signed the letter saying there is sexism in the Parliament, 543 doctors and nurses who said the same thing about their field, 689 people who signed the letter saying there is sexism and harassment at the universities etc
Danish legal experts said that the constitution would in effect give away sovereignty requiring us to hold a referendum, but I don't know about the specifics.
I once spend an entire monday at the Teylers instead of going to uni
Depending on where in Scandinavia, the day may last 5-6 hours, or it may be almost nonexistent.
Plenty came before, plenty came later
So he's a politician
Then again I figured the party members would go against the parliament members
Be as it may that just under 50% of Britain wanted to remain in the EU the vast majority of Britain seemed to have actively disliked it (Large part of Remain just seeing it as being less bad than leaving)
Greenland is an independent country under The Kingdom of Denmark, alongside the Country of Denmark and the Country of The Faroe Islands.
Pepole serm to recomend alot of serious film
Let's be conservative (e.g. frugal) and say you can pay for all of that for 600 euros (that would be VERY CHEAP), leaving you with less than 100 euros to save and you still haven't spent a single dime on anything that isn't basic expenses - so no coffee or beer with friends, no trip to the cinema or expenses on Netflix, HBO, whatever
I watch [video] from very famous and only Finnish youtuper in world
It's also telling that this is the first time in Notre Dame's 850 year old history that it is actually on fire, so it's likely something that has been added more recently that's the root of the fire
I see it like most other fruits tbh
Did people forget about [Google Photos classifying people with dark complexion as gorillas]
Muricans should learn, school shooting seems like a cultural part of them nowadays
How do you think it was just a few years before the EU?
Scandinavian, no
>Btw thanks Denmark for ruining our postal service too
can't remember the last time I had eye contact with someone in a bus
Red and white
” because konkret means specific
If not, how do we ensure individual members have the freedom to adopt different policies?"
(Except for that it’s an amazing country
During that time the people that lived there cheated wealthy people out of buying the island
Like where is that
People here are too scared of nuclear, and the current government are making cuts to renewables...
We already have open borders and freedom of movement, we have defense coorperation in Nato.
The majority of the underage porn was produced in other countries such as Thailand and the Philippines and then sold here
First they talk about how much they hate Christmas decorations and then they buy some peppernuts and vaniljekranse (Danish Christmas cookies) anyways because they love the taste of them
This is just my interpretation, ok
Every Swedish person I've known has always been really, really nice
In the case of Mount Athos I do understand it, still I as a agonistic have been to the prayer part of the blue mosque by lying that I was Muslim.
Also before I turn 50 (which is in 28 years time)
Essentially, the Anti-German sentiment seemed to take a different turn already in the years just after the war, and over the years I think most danes have largely forgiven the Germans, even if we still meme about reclaiming the remaining land we lost way back in 1864
I go outside and wear "outside clothes" but when I am arriving home I change
When we're talking mandatory vaccinations, we're really only talking about them being mandatory for kids
As for "traditional" museums (i.e. lots of glass cases and information panels), the National Museum is probably the best, and certainly the largest
Flemish: Surprisingly enough to understand a little bit, AFAIK first time I'm reading it, but not impossible
Too small and homogenous
Stop calling it a Danish
The beauty of it is that they have no respect for Italian tradition, so if you can think of a pizza I guarantee it's on a menu somewhere
Said sure, it's Christmas
Reduce the amount of people driving combined with speed traps along wide roads.
Yes, it's simply called 1864 as far as I know
To blow pigs, I don't really get why
I vote for this one as the winner
Same here
I think it's because it's *so* tilled and farmed and so densely settled that even though it is certainly "far from anywhere of note" it still looks totally tame
What a mess that could be
[Like this (Copenhagen Airport)]
Teamachine salesman: It really takes the misery out of making tea
Well, Scania is Danish anyway
Yeah, you can find it in a bunch of local papers as well
The beef between the Dutch and the sea just ascended to a new level
>someone spelled mother as moder, father as fader and bubble as buble
In fact, it's pretty odd to not have one
In the reaaally obscure category are people like [Lille Heroin] [Pattesutter] and [Jesu Brødre] but I’d say they require some Danish knowledge
* They have a complete breakdown of the sources of emission as well if you're interested
Now that Europe is in a situation where we can help people who are in a similar situation we have an obligation to help them.
very low rate here, lowest in the whole country
Some ppl overstate the "Celticness" of Galicia (despite its name, it hasn't been Celtic for nearly 2k years, and even then, the Celts didn't originate there), but still, Galicia and Wales-Cornwall-Ireland are all essentially neighbouring regions from a nautical perspective
Then again i'm a vinter person
I don't want to be "European", I want to be, and am, Danish, and I will fight to protect my country and culture from any pseudo-imperialistic notions of a hegemonic "European-ness"
Well it depends
Yeah, I can see why he might not be liked in France
Is this created with some kind of software or did you actually sit in Minecraft and place blocks
well it's a start I guess
Fuck off with that mentality, I really don't want a federal Europe but I'm just as European as you are:
- The amount of immigrants and descendants of immigrants from non-western countries is above 50%
What are you on about
1864 never forget, 1815 was also a very shitty year with us losing Norway.
Don't get so drunk that you could be easily taken advantage of.
The Swiss have no beef with the Dutch,
Dips on Skt
In medicine and some of the business fields they are doing it now.
Lil Kleine had a few, for example
In some supermarkets you can buy an empty bottle and fill it from a tap, also in the supermarket: [Example]
If I didn't already know about the poverty then yes, it would shock me.
My theory is that watching Swedish TV used to be much more common here in the past because of the limited amount of channels (My parents told me that all the kids used to watch Swedish TV all the time, at least), so they got more acquainted with the language (which in pronunciation is closer to Norwegian than it is to Danish, helping with that as well) thereby starting the myth that we do
Actually the influence of English on our language make people put in spacing in words that should be a compound
That consistency could be a problem when you were learning British english in class, but picking up American english vocabulary from tv
Edit as I missed your last question: I don't think I know anyone who have never learned to ride a bike
Old Saxony ≠ Modern Saxony/Sachsen and the dialect of modern Saxony (Upper Saxon) ≠ true Saxon
(But again, I'm not saying that this is a reason why Canada should not be allowed to sign up)
I don't believe it is my role to put a definition on "Refugee", that is the UN's role, to decide who is a refugee and then to find them an appropriate country for them to be resettled in.
At what grade and age do you start having English lessons
The issue Only The lack thereof
Its like a mapping of a brain that is in free fall
Where i live, if they knock and you are not at home, the package will return to a posthouse and you can pick it up there
Atm we have just above 0 C and mist.
A lot of companies in the Nordic countries are setting up shop in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, because of your good, well educated and cheap workers
Skåne, Blekinge, Halland, Slesvig-Holsten becomes Danish again.
Edited for clarity
What strikes me is that the fries will go soggy on both pictures.
Reading the comments I feel like there os some miscommunication of what a party is
wholesome
No talk about boundaries, no #Metoo
my summerhouse was nice
I've honestly never tried it nor ever even had the option of trying it
The vast majority of Danish students study in Denmark even though they can get free education elsewhere as well
Only weaponry
Wow, why
flags everywhere
Yeah, the way you mentioned Charles is how I think of the Churchill episodes - Churchill was obviously the villain politically, and he's portrayed as a stubborn old oaf, but we see him come to the realisation about the >!glimmer in the pond being about his grief for his dead daughter
Therefore, the law must be made in the best interests of all, that the righteous and peaceable and lawless can enjoy their peace, and the unjust and evil can be fearful from what is written in the law, and therefore dare not execute the evil which they have in mind
> RIP European right wing populism
So its almost a cracker
A devout Muslim with a long criminal record.
Maybe it's changed, it is after all about 9 years since I attended sixth form in the UK, but back then, in those schools, this was the reality
are considered alright
but it accomplishes something else
European countries needs to share common standards   and create a competitive market for train tech
Yeah yeah, the Germans are so evil, yada yada.
The argument was that it is part of being "danish" to shake hands, regardless of your background or believes
Tap water contains no clorine or any other chemical cleaning agents so the taste is mostly good
What's the point you are trying to make here
"Most historians and classics professors agree that we really aren't sure Rome had a salute
Venice is an absolute must see.
Not much different than a nightlife in Denmark.
Hvilken landsby var det
Meaning a lot of homeless people have also made a choice themselves that they would rather be homeless than have cash assistance for example
When is this picture from
you got hot springs to boil your potatoes in.
Can someone actually explain why they fired midwives?
I think you will find most people in Scandinavia would disagree.
Used to live in Romania, and my first year my girlfriend said that we should go see the parade
It is danish yes
Just gonna latch on to this comment to keep the English ones in the same place
Been living in Finland for a year now, and I can seriously hear this picture
And after a quick google, wiki doesn't agree:
Ah I forgot, Irishmen were a large part of the first settlers and we're actively involved....
Of course it's better for the people living in the developing world to move here, that's why we have create fortress Europe as miss migration from their is a massive drain on european society.
Then we'd only have Ireland to catch the Atlantic hurricanes, and lord knows we have enough of those already
Around 13 when you go through [confirmation] it's common to drink weaker alcohol like beer or ciders during the party to celebrate your ascension to adulthood, and at this point you are more likely to be allowed to have a beer or cider during events such as family gatherings
Eh, I'm not really worried for the EU.
I think Sweden is way closer to Finland in a way we're not
Norwegians definitely offered help when asked, but I've also had a ton of experiences with Norwegians just randomly approaching me first
Some people also have the misconception that denmark is a winter wonderland
Finland is not within that cultural region
Windows in houses are generally outward opening, but in muti-storey buildings, it is common to mount inward opening windows, so they can be cleaned on both sides without using a ladder
Always seems insane to me when grown adults argue that they should be allowed to cut part of their baby's penis off
And in general our tax authority seems completely incompetent when it comes to implementing a functional IT system
I recommend you re-submit this, just a personal opinion.
The net contributions of Denmark, Netherlands, Germany in 2019 were around 175 euro per capita
damn
You joke about it \(and so do we\), but it's been fairly warm these last few years
It reminds me of /pol/ in sort of a way.
They will probably make something called "Sweden last".
I wish, that could help with our subpar math education
In Danish, you can say slik, snolder or godter, although the last one is rarely used anymore
If a woman wants to sell sex, why should anyone be against that
The last goverment adopted a policy of moving out central administration away from Copenhagen
Imagine the outroar if someone went to Ground Zero and played with aeroplanes and jengatowers
Then comes the ['Others'] who don't feel represented by the various other groupings
no one really
For Jutland, I would say Struer
This later caused the rise of Neoliberalist economic management, which dictated that a stable currency was priority number 1, as well as many decisions that really hurt, as it turned out that solving the interest rate crisis and spending crisis were the first steps to get back on track
Oh, i thought it was closer to the living alone SU
I do not live in a city or town just on a farm, which makes it walkable at no night but there is nothing to see out here in west Jutland
There are many parallels with Japan, especially given their reliance on, and domination of, their car industries
Do you guys also have Mosekonen in Sweden
I am old for reddit and live in Nordjylland
It's often cheaper than what our gas and biomass plants can deliver, especially during the summer
Now I understand that this is because the game was originally played with Spanish cards :D
The government can't appeal to everyone at once, and so as long as cultural differences exist, the government will clash with local peoples
I am rich, give me special treatment.
QWERTY with Å added after P and Æ,Ø added after L
Sure, like anyone with power in the church did at that time
Snus is still pretty awful afaik - a friend of a friend had to get surgery because his gums were practically rotting from using the stuff
It's quite cheap compared to other services in Denmark - most people probably do it (have someone else do it) once or twice per year
&#x200B;
Had
In terms of actual temperature, it's chilly, but not *too* bad.
That feels much more common (and accepted) in Europe.
Love it, beams of reverence and kindness
The problem is the "far-right" party of Denmark is socialist/populist more left than the current center-right government consisting of liberal and conservative parties.
Nordic first, Ethnically Greenlandic second, Danish third.
I'd like to thank Sweden for keeping our soldiers occupied for the entire lifetime of both our countries
You could of course argue the same about Belgium, but they have a good football team
Jutland is the only part of Denmark that is actually Danish
Well, that is sorta pan-germanisms fault
#German loli girl
Your statement is absurd
It's pretty unbiased and teaches us about all the major religions of the world
Our highschool (or one of them; there a schools for 16-19 year olds which focus on general education, business or trades
It's in Danish but it should be easy enough to guess what the pictures mean
The most common coorporate tax rate in the EU is 19%.
If you called your boss Sir or Ma'am, here, they'd most certainly think you were taking the piss
And even then, Spanish is rapidly supplanting most of the local languages, even with their relative degree of autonomy
This looks like the place the music video for "Stereo Love" was recorded
I feel like Norway is cheating
Alright, based on the image it's difficult to point to any country.
Å = stream/flood
*"How about I kick your fucking teeth in"* said Prussia
I love to visit though, been there a few times at conferences
Firstly, the statue is not in Copenhagen but in Castle Kronborg which is in Elsinore (Helsingør)
I have never heard about that before and Danish showers/bathrooms don't have a secondary drain
Melted butter is poured over the potatoes and peas.
I think it is when the swedes put up their majsstang
They do not want to share, but since there is not that many people and Denmark is the only military.
To identify yourself in public, we have our [drivers license] and [health insurance]
That would be really annoying
The EU has been respecting the result of the referendum the whole time
Only two vowels more
Fucking great game actually, Kotor 2 was even better.
), creating better rights for renters, and simply offering an ideological alternative to various forms of liberalism
And Carpark North are also great
Denmark finally had Christianity under control and it was on the decline.
a lot of people i know, feel very different from me
The Hungary-Bohemia-Venice alliance, or Austria's with Ottomans?
both kinds are amazing
It's weird and convoluted, the grammar and spelling is completely different but if you read it aloud you can understand pretty ok
With a rate of 129 the US would be right in the middle of Germany and Portugal.
One of the things I often encounter when I talk to people internationally about Denmark, is that I need to explain that while we have a low gini-coefficient, it's not like people start from 0
Fyn is just a highway connecting Denmark and Sweden (Sjælland/Zealand)
Hopefully for smaller Member states aswell
I would love to find out who's behind
Work vans are also used sometimes
Dude you are not a part of Europe
>  Finland is geographically in Scandinavia¨
I grew up in Jylland and moved to CPH and was honestly baffled when I learned a driver's licenses isn't something everybody simply has
Trying to "buy" Greenland is a third
I would say the divide is growing in Denmark
And then you can put in berries and stuff if you want to, but traditionally you only use kammerjunker, which is a type of vanilla biscuit
Then ofcourse came the question of admitting guilt for slavery, following the talks of reparations
Nordics holding strong
I think ultimately they're afraid of closer European corporations and integration
The Faeroe Islands too, while Greenland is a part of the OCTs
That does explain the otherwise silly phaseout of the carbon neutral nuclear plants
I’ve had a bus driver in the countryside in Sønderjylland get angry that I didn’t say hi
We still use pagan traditions like “Nisser” and “Goat” and “Julefrokost” all part of ancient traditions
Danes understand Norwegians easily and Swedes a little less easily
We would literally have to wipe the blood off tables, we were so brutal
I was stranded at Gatwick for something like 18 hours a handful of years ago because a cm or two of snow had fallen
The introduction of Christianity was a pretty big thing, considering how powerfull the church would become in the following 1000 years
I have also on occasion used a qwerty with another layout that was neither of the previous ones, but which I can't remember
There  must be some impressive acting going on with that Ancestry
Where the other nordics are my brothers and sisters, the rest of europe are my cousins
Being fully covered in public is completely unacceptable.
That's funny, because I actually heard that Axel Makkedønsen was Danish
The train is nice and was a good start, but it takes 39 minutes from the Central Station to Malmø C according to the Journey planner
If they stop buying Hungarian Nutella what do you think Nutella's answer will be.
The usual phrasing for someone you don't know is their full name, e.g. the PM would be "Mette Frederiksen" and not "Ms Frederiksen". Or you'd just say, "the Prime Minister".
The practical aspects are the main one for me
It's pretty common in Sweden but it has nothing to do with a English language fetish more that the Swedish language is retarded
[MØ - Final Song]
As well as Helsingør-Helsingborg I guess
That would be those exceptional circumstances I mentioned
Police said that they are not certain, and therefore they're still on high alert.
3rd most slaves of all Europeans, but they’re remembered for Lego
Some people are adamant on starting a civil war in parts of Europe
If so, read what the Dutch legislation is about, then read what the rulings have deemed illegal.
" Basically very populist/nationalist pandering
I came and bought one with the expectation to try and taste the worst chocolate I have ever in my life.
Your food is an equally odd mix, and it's awesome
5 in Denmark and a planning studio
I've never seen the cyclists here indicate that they're slowing down, but then again there's often not any cyclists right behind you
The real villain of the Napoleonic Wars
Is there a random tradition or quirk like that from your country
OP made a follow up comment saying it was 3270, which isn't bad at all
Why on earth would you put onion on a kebab
I’m just here to see where I can go and do urbex
Then you could realistically feel split
It would hardly make a difference.
The fuzz is about Russia, annexing land from a sovereign country.
***U N S T O P P A B L E***
Yeah, there has been some serious Trump and USA hate going in Denmark
Would you say that's true
It doesn't matter one bit to them.
Now I live in a building from the 1910s with new old-style windows
It was really funny, I feel like those countries would have cooking a part of education if anyone
Historien om Danmark with Lars Mikkelsen (great actor, known internationally from things like Sherlock, The Killing, The Witcher and Star Wars Rebels
Overall the big cities are left wing and the rural country side is right wing, I imagine it's the same thing in Romania.
I appreciate the trivia
Gotta keep an eye out for those Germans
I just saw a clip from "The Last Leg" where a person from New Zealand was insistent that mince on toast was a thing in Britain
And how stupid is that
Furthermore, manufacturing is such a small percentage of our economy now that many exporters rely a huge amount on imported products to even make their exported goods.
The Netherlands Urology Association, and
Nah man these guys are the real shit
So, of course, they wouldn't have any idea what it is actually like :)
Very few people actually hate Americans here
I’m sorry
Part of the problem, per my limited understanding, is that everyone are risk averse.
Yeah, I think I'm only ever called Hr.
I will thank my roof next time it rains
‘It's very intrusive that adults may decide     that newborn to undergo a surgical procedure that is not medically     justified and if power is lifelong
It is not a problem when we visit each other!
Lots of cultures are based on the religion of that area
Maybe it depends on how it's all counted
I know for a fact, that Danes hate Swedes because of our centuries old rivalry
One of my personal favorites is from Holberg's play "Jeppe på Bjerget" (["Jeppe on the Hill"] in English) a comedic play from 1722
But as I grew older, I started to take more [Infomation] on what the Germans had done to redeem them self
Because it's all complicated with tribes and ancestors so I just call them Scandinavian vikings
For playing baseball, brännball, or any of the millions balls-and-bats games that exists in Europe?
Greater Copenhagen is turning into a metropolitan region with 4
This populistic compromise is now having significant consequenses
What's that from
Honestly
They used to be many times higher than they are today.
By who
For the King punishes and kills the wicked, he is the servant of God and the guardian of the land
You build some really awesome dikes over at west southern part of denmark, you also build a really pretty windmill in Højer
The little mermaid in Copenhagen
Just flat mumbling without anything in particular going on
"..."The parents and, when    competent,  the child, must be made fully aware of the implications of    this  operation as it is a non-reversible procedure
[Randers starter pack]
[This] Scandinavia and the World comic shows it as well, although with Icelanders.
Labour is a moderate-left liberal/social democrat umberlla party in Britain whose voters are, in majority, against Brexit.
Poland only wants the best for you little Denmark!
>what is now Sweden
Yes, they have very strict emmissions regulations
Denmark, Holland, Sweden, Switzerland, Finland
No one in Denmark wanted that; the system is already fine
When I visisted Cambridge I was told that the university owns basically most of downtown
No worries, I was just being pedantic.
Isn't risk an inherent part of buying stock, or have the bailouts of the past decades erased that part of stockholders' memories
1923
We have 92% humidity in my city right now
That's not a debate you even want to start, believe me
It's the average - coffee lovers will drink much more
They just changed the spelling so it looks like it was written by a child who can’t spell right, nevertheless it actually makes sense to write it like that
This is completely my own interpretation, but do you see where I’m coming from
You know about holes
First thing would be to stop importing muslims.
I live an area of Copenhagen with more Faroese than Danes and I can honestly say they beat Sweden in how little they like Denmark ;)
Yes but only I have to because of how my door is made
Lithuania - Litauen
> I'd say that despite not being "in the middle" of anything
If you're using old reddit:
As long as it's not necessary to have a private insurance, what does it accomplish
Woah
Never heard of this
Does French Guiana make France a South American country?
But someone in a very unlucky care home where a whole lot dies, even young people - might draw the opposite conclusion; that it is more dangerous than it really is
None of my Danish friends where still living with their parents at 21
"Godt for dig
Commie nazis, is the greatest political contradiction.
I personally hate English with a Danish accent
The cookie directive is /only/ applicable for tracking style cookies.
**[Gayniggers from Outer Space]
For 100kr you can buy a decent wine or a Vietnamese takeaway curry
If China was a democracy, they probably would be already.
Just make sure to get there in the evening when most of the adult employees have gone home
If they want to be Scandinavians they can be, and if they don’t, I still thinks it’s totally fine
Google tried to join the market and couldnt because of all the regulations.
Fun family reunions
But they absorb the gløgg, and swell up and become little morsels of sweet happiness
Unless you're from Sweden or Norway, perhaps Germany or France, don't expect to ever sound Danish, maybe your grandkids will accomplish that
that's like a month ago lmao
Most Danes will pronounce three and tree the same way, as tree
That's kinda like taking a selfie in front of the pyramids
In Denmark everything is very orderly and it generally goes like this, you walk in and sit down then the priest starts preaching from the Bible interrupted be singing salms in between.
Pandemic aside, it has literally never been easier
How come it annoys Finns being called Scandinavian
After all, the 400 years of equal, mutual and vuluntary corporation still counts in our hearts with our Norwegian little brothers.
I link voting rights with democracy.
The customers are businesses, which fill the the trays with eggs and then distribute them to retailers
we dont let churches inherit our money and shit
Linked Data / Semantic Web :)
Plus, this is all happening on a geological timescale
15c to 18c : "This weather is *perfect* for sleeping with the windows open
Fuck
huh looks like the nazis got their wish of lebensraum
You went to the Non-Stop Liqour Store at Strada Emil Isac, right at the end of the park
Yeah it was used by viking chieftains way before Dannebrog "fell from the skies" at the battle at Lyndanisse in 1219
But snüs consumption is still VERY high in Norway, and that’s unhealthy af still
That’s sad, small towns are not doing well here either
Old Paris was a fire trap - i think that was the main reason.
Indo-european people were just some of the people that migrated to Europe
We don't have a minimum wage at all in Scandinavia because we set the wages by sector according to the agreements that happen between the workers unions and the business unions
Also it depends on how far east you count Europe (or south for that matter)
Also usually ignorance doesn't necessary contain malice, only when it is willful ignorance
Haha
Welcome to grocery-tetris
Are Denmark and Germany way more different than New York and New Jersey?
Southern Germany/Austria
Zoomed out and looked at pretty much this exact picture
A lot of Europeans think it is.
I drive a Honda GS500 and it looks like this
According to Wikipedia 82% of Narvas population consists of ethnic Russians and yet they live in the EU.
They simply needed an exterior "enemy" to create a nation
and you just got off a plane from Denmark
as a 30 y/o who have smoked weed for the last 10 years, and everyday for the last 5 years, its everywhere, and people who dont think it is, just dosn't know
I actually didn't do it for religious reasons
Then you can show up at your local Postnord place that has your package, and in principle get it from them after showing them the papers
So the question when hiring becomes "why should we pick this American who has a Bachelors degree, when we can get someone from here who has a Masters degree?"
Russia can change between poor and rich VERY fast
It perhaps sounds like a meme, but the corona crises has also shown the downside of the old Danish parts currently being Swedish with the Øresund being closed
I like this explanation better:
1995
During the Napoleonic Wars, Denmark attempted to remain Neutral but the Great Powers of Europe had other ideas and the British invaded Denmark in an attempt to seize the Danish fleet
There seem to already then be this mindset of wanting to see an end to conflict
Is this a typical room for a romanian girl, or are there certain things that have only been included to make it a bit more evident that it's Romania
In Denmark we say “Du glade kineser” it means “You happy Chinese” and has the same meaning as yours, it isn’t used much anymore either
Taking the statue all the way to Shanghai for an expo was a diplomatic mission on behalf of Aquatic Danes
At this point, I'd almost give up my right to vote if only I could get decent pockets
One example would be the various racism paragraphs.
Free movement with Australia will be the end of the EU.
So we will just have to wait and see if the EU accept colonialism in a generation or so
Though to be completely honest, when you look at the demographic of how people vote during elections, it seems more like, the people living in the larger cities, want more immigration and a focus on climate change
Well going from that we hardly understand the more obscure of our own Dialects.
"Answering a call of nature" means to go to the toilet in English as well
This means wages have stagnated, or fallen, for many workers, not to mention, Denmark is a country without much labour-legislation, so a lot of rights and securities have disappeared as well
Neither badgers, gray seals or foxes are of course as you mentioned, no threat for the deers
**It is capitalist**. Sweden is, as all other states on Earth, a capitalist state
Historically that is Europe and not USA.
Like, even the Socialist movement in the US actively uses the Star Spangled banner alongside their red flags
Don't you have smartphones in Germany
I feel like there’s hundreds of places that needs it way more
Hard to describe how powerful this is, honestly hope if they take this to parliament you guys can keep mounting a civil resistance and prevent this from happening.
Both are just some i found on google
We weren't taught about that we treated our slaves just like any other slave nation, we were horrible and racist
I think the -er adds pluralis to a scentence, doesn't it
There is no rule to know this and it’s practically impossible for foreigners to know what article to choose
In practice Denmark already haves the euro.
We used to get snow during all of winter
I love the map
EDIT: Honestly, at least if you're already familiar with Christmas calendars as a concept, you should give the infamous *The Julekalender* a watch this Christmas - that's the cult one I mentioned
Can we please have our clouds and 15 degress back
I believe there is also something in France about saying "hello"/"goodbye" when entering and exiting shops
And it’s still very easy to read (Bokmål)
Looks like a health potion
No, our prime minister ordered that all mink farms be turned into cotton candy factories where the mink are free to eat as much as they want
(Sure been a busy century for you guys
Regardless, I honestly think it is the least relevant point to discuss
In such a continuum, when is it exactly a loan
In some cases, that's sufficient ID.
There's actually two movies about a Danish crown prince who goes to college in Wisconsin, and meets the love of his life
I remember once my dad "ordered" froglegs from a semi expensive restaurant that didn't take orders because it was his birthday, that was hilarious
And "Røved" which means "ass oath"
Very happy you're a part of the EU
I just realised this saying rhymes in swedish
Finally a way for me to live out my Godzilla fantasies.
Alright what the fuck 2020
Poland - Polen
Ribena is a part of the Japanese conglomerate Suntory, originally from the Medico company GSK in the UK
It's just something people call it other as a silly insult
So i of course view him as a nice person /s
[Officielle flagdage]
After having just had a quick look through the cast lists of Vikings and The Last Kingdom, there are far more Nordic names in The Last Kingdom cast
It was quite a while ago, though
Granted, this is 10 years ago
Oh no we love hating stuff
Exception: The only exception is young people at parties, then we see it as rude if you don't ask first
godnat og sov godt
The other lasted many centuries and saw many millions dead
It's a good thing, taking pride in where you are from is not something terrible.
Alcohol overconsumption
We have something from a children's song called "bakke snagvendt". You don't really talk it, but you can say words in it
And depending on the pronunciation of polak (Polish person) it could also be derogative
During world war I he was already respected among the german foreign ministry, and Denmark was in a precarious position.
It seems that the only real connection between him and this station is that the money gained from his actions were used to fund the construction of the station, meaning that there is no obvious connection to him, unless you're a history buff
- Postal service here fucking sucks
But the trade monopoly also helped to hold the Danish realm better together and to keep the English and Dutch out of Danish waters around Iceland
I cannot think of any other sport that has the ability to attract the scum of society in such large amounts as football
> The Irish word for Wales translates to Little Britain
English is the global lingua franca.
Nah, I'd rather vote for someone who promised to get rid of such nonsense, and then once again enjoy the luxury of not being forced to go to town hall.
In Denmark where i live it is -5 but has a feels like temperature of -18 degrees
Or the entire west coast of Denmark (Don’t let them fool you tho
but
A mixture of linguistics and archaeology can get you a long way, but in the end, a lot of it is just guess work
You sure it wasn't always run by children
We're just as conservative as the rest of Europe, we just don't legislate based on it
I also find it interesting that jews were to a very large extend very integrated into everyday European society, like there was jews on both sides in WW1.
The original was so great exactly so great because it focuses on the youths and you really feel the terror they must have felt
> This is, I presume, the same way I am opposed to the ideological direction of Socialism
Haha, sounds almost like the Danish word "Skidrik" (Skithrik) which is a slightly outdated word for an arsewhole or bastard
It's pretty common to take one or two gap years after high school where you work and travel and use your parents' house at a base, but afterwards you're pretty much "expected" to have moved out or at least making concrete plans to do it (not that your parents will throw you out, but other people will think you're odd if you have never tried to live on your own after age 23 or so)
>what is now Sweden
The next parts are about how the King (i know we have a queen but the constitution says its a king) inherits and when he becomes of age
Danish multi-party coalition system, currently 9 parties in parliament, lots of choice
Denmark has areas that has been described as No-Go zones by the dumb.
I was 13 when I read it, and thought I was the absolute shit for being able to follow it and figure out the clues
Relaxed and laid back atmosphere, really good (but expensive) food, pretty good night life and cultural offerings in general.
Danish is a northen Germanic language, so
There's a reason why the stork no longer visit
Some since 1917, some since 1945, but none of them wanted any part of it
It's not super bad compared to other countries, but it still stand out in a Danish perspective
Maybe not a mismatch, but not a lot of people realise that LEGO is Danish
The stretch from Lillehammer to Trondheim is not exactly well connected.
I actually choose the word empire based on the fact there was a proclaimed emperor, even though the title did not align In power with the title of emperor in the previous Roman empire
I keep seeing this and I still don’t get it
It means to offer a new programme, focused on socialisation and practical socialism, redistribution, strengthening the 'Red' unions, and simply expanding and strengthening existing social policies ([such as including dental in the national health service] not to mention changing the tax-burden around, placing taxes on capital and other forms of 'dead wealth'(inheritance, land, etc
And what about their child, which is heir to both countries
man
Risking corona is obviously much better than not eating for a month
We find Swedish and Norwegian translations for words like “computer”, “teenager”, “tablet” and stuff really funny
We use it when going to the doctor's or hospital or other health-related places
id argue full danish control would be ideal, but then again i might be slightly biased
Defo Sissel, i loooove her voice
Money always needs to be backed by force or that money will be taken by force.
Same goes for "Trøndersk", which are dialects found in West and Southern Jylland in Denmark and in the Trøndelag region in Norway
And then the Pope moved to Avignon
I think the common complaint is that it's too American :)
No big deal
We also say "lange nosser"  which means long balls and is synonymous with something unpleasant, annoying or otherwise negative thing happening to you
My grandfather organized some underground schools in his town, during the occupation of Denmark in WW2
I think she'll have a better chance at getting China to release the 1 million Uighurs in the camps in China
You could pour thousands of euro into that system without actually getting what you were going for
in the 1800s it was common to simply wear them all the time, to indicate you were a student - that happened both at university and 'high school'. In the original Nøddebo Præstegård script from 1862, for example, its mentioned that Nikolaj and his brothers all wear them
Being from Iceland where everything went bananas during the original metoo wave
Before that I imagined all of Italy being beautiful
Or the dude from Troy
Yes, always
Ha ha I grew up just outside Helsingør and the amount of Swedes coming over with the ferries was staggering.
Some bookies probably lost quite a bit of money on our draws, that was the most frequent result after all
Det sådan man holder styr på dem
Søren Kierkegaard
When your vocabulary is mostly Latin or French, the speech can't help but take on a cerebral quality that sort of gentrifies the raw and unwashed "barbaric yawps" of one's self-expression, more so when you, as a second language speaker, have learned middle class English rather than council estate English
Except for Northern Jutland and Bornholm, I have been pretty much all over the country with my rejsekort the last couple of years
> Can there be more vowels than in Danish speech
Another thing is perhaps the relation between the size and how manoeuvrable the country is
Instead, they just got delayed by some 15-16 hours and had to deal with loads of pissed customers, while Ryanair could kind of just sit back
The Balkans are like Scandinavia - it is a geopolitical region, meaning that geography matters, but ultimately, the question of who is and isn't is more a matter of culture
Super confusing I know
I've always found the concept of office hours amusing.
Practically everything I carried were apparently showing traces of explosives, and I had an actually rather pleasant chat, and a cup of tea, with the security staff while they looked through my luggage and verified my story with (I guess) the Danish Ministry of Defense
Without any warning, in defiance of international treaty, the Swedish king ordered his troops to attack Denmark-Norway a second time
The dialogue on nuclear is always on nuclear vs fossil fuels, which is a completely pointless debate
This cannot be excused with tradition or culture.
[An entire hippie village] with classic hippie stuff like no cars, no advertisements, wacky architecture, animals running around, concerts and the biggest and most openly displayed weed market in Denmark
That is just sad
The statues aren't that important, an apology to the Congolese would be much better.
There just wasn't anything left, because flights were being cancelled or delayed left and right
It's not a holiday
Comma is only for decimals
and my gf and kid likes certain brands of bread
With so many spaniards leaving, of course immigrants help the economy a lot.
I fucking hate it
Island - Iceland
also kyoto, tokya, okinawa, fokushima and ... ehm
Yearh danish rail is so shitty they outsource parts to DB for more efficiency
It is the same civil servants running the country regardless of there being a government or not
This only increases my respect for the Irish
The ironic thing is, that the embassy cited the "right to choose" as a reason for not doing it, when Pia Kjærsgaard (the speaker of the Parliament) was forced to wear a scarf around her head in public when she visited Iran.
The Hague conventions of 1899 and 1907, which were used to convict Nazi leaders at the Nuremberg trials, and to the same effect in the Tokyo War Crimes tribunal, which recognized the attack on Pearl Harbor as a war crime, amongst many others
If that's the case, explain how i'm able to eat food right now
They'll have worse heating, though
It depends on what it would *mean* in practice.
Also in Denmark billboards along roads are illegal for the most part, and most conservative religious people (except Jehovah's witnesses) aren't really a part of the public scene
>people should have a right to self determination
Maybe also explain to the Danish deficient part of the world that nå means reach when used as you describe
The train has five stops between the Central Station and Malmø C, and it goes in a big arch instead of a straight line
Then print it out when it arrives?
I can't think of anything only Scandinavians have to deal with
Iranians, Chinese, Lebanese, Indians, Thai, Vietnamese, Saudi Arabians and Afghanis are all Asians
Sure economically i share many views with him, but i disagree with his points on social issues like immigration and France relation with the EU.
Yeah, at least it's over quickly
Yeah, could've been a swedish flag
I'm going to Romania as it's cheap and incredible pretty what's not to love
I knew the "normal" deck was called French, so that kind of implies that there are other types of decks from other countries or regions
That's why I'm aiming to learn the dialect from Brabant, it's not as hard on the 'h' and 'g'.
It is a shame that we are so far down though
Traveling by train
I will do what I can to translate.
[Someone said Euro English]
> The local government believes it's their place to actively surpress "anti-christian" messages
” Lol it isn’t enforced at all
I live in a small town in Jutland (I suppose you live/lived in one of the four biggest cities since there's a uni), and here the only custom is that you stretch out your left/right hand when turning left/right
Just exchange it with any regional white ethnicity.
Having a career in a major political party
We have a great saying for things, that won't fit: "Well, this fits about as good as the hair on a Swede".
We just cancelled the whole thing
They've exposed our politicians as incompetent and selfish cowards.
Also, never buy trains from Italy
All of Scandinavia/Nothern Europe: Calling Nothern European people “a bunch of commies” is incredibly dumb imo
I know it’s just a joke but in what world is French a rational language
Copenhagen is amazing for restaurants and street food from all corners of the world (or so I’ve had multiple even Southern Europeans tell me), yet average people go out to eat like once a month or less
Compare US suburbs - which often can't even be traversed without cars - to the suburbs I grew up in, where everyone biked and celebrated midsummer together
&#x200B;
Those are the special forces for sure
We drink tap water in Denmark, I feel like it's something we take great pride in, but I've noticed depending on where you are it can taste slightly differently
Some 20-25 percent of the population smokes (it varies a bit from year to year, since it mostly decreases, but has actually increased again)
Porn was still taboo
Trust me
"Well, he *is* an idiot" (doesn't work as well)
This is just a nordic thing but dont call danes “norwegians” or “swedish” and reverse
Even bangladesh have a falling fertility rate - currently around 2.20 - but young generation is still much bigger than old.
And other languages can’t?
Edit: Just looked through my blocked call - last one I received was actually yesterday (so on a Sunday) :/
Here's a better one:
Bitola, Macedonia is home to 2 old large mosques from ottoman times, the [Jeni Mosque] and the [Ishak Mosque] (here underdoing renovation), both now acting as art museums however.
Here in Denmark every stall in the farmer's market accepts some sort of online payment.
Pattersutter is quite popular in Denmark, and i think part of the appeal, is being bad on purpose
Absolutely impossible
Congratulations on a great voter turnout, and a democratic process that is nearing completion
The term varies, which is why I specified Denmark
But struggles of the working class precede and prefigure the successive re-structurations _of capital
Luckily not many were injured or killed, but the disaster took out a whole lot of that town
Many will likely point out that large parts of Europe, especially southern Europe, people will have android because it's cheaper
In Danish its “Det tysk-romerske rige” -roughly translates to “The german-roman Empire”
Yea, but we also forgot to criminalize child porn
I actually love the "handshake + one arm hug thing" it's not as intimate as a hug, but at the same time is less formal than a handshake alone
- Postal service fucking sucks
It's issued to every citizen, and has your personal info printed on it (name, address, social security number), but it doesn't have a photo.
I guess that British guy is just a hornball who see one girl topless and focuses on them, not noticing the rest lol
No, I wouldn't travel for a football match, even if we qualify (which seems unlikely anyway).
Ø = Island
If there was a similar Danish news resource that was very biased, then yes, I would just assume that it is a biased source trying to set a narrative.
I already mentioned Denmark
But the vast majority of it is fiction
Hence somewhere around 18-20
By now I live on the tenth floor so for me its neither here nor there, but growing up in a house in Jylland with my bedroom-window facing the street, I can imagine several people over the years have glanced at the house and looked into my room
Yes we do, and i don't know, it's fun :)
Frankrig - France
When you say they "still" use peat, it sounds like it's out of necessity, whereas it's the whole point of Islay whisky, that it has those peaty flavours
Im imagining giant canned rotten sharks in icelandish supermarkets now
Looks like a very typical Danish church that someone has later stuck a spire on...
I also usually travel during school holidays.
It's not like the UK has actually done anything besides making a lot of noise.
>The only difference is, they are big enough to scam people for money on the governmental level
They can't really believe they can bay of debt with more debt?
You need to become a mod here at some point, I would vote for you.
Oh I thought you were too lazy to dry your dishes manually, and then moved the dishes from the drying cabinet to the dish cabinet once they had air dried
Tokyo
No snow in Denmark either
I just need my fix to function.
Maybe I will use that in another kommentar
this white on white background is perfect for clarity
&nbsp;
Must be from some far removed island where everyone was inbred....
Norwegians and Swedes, and some Germans.
North Korea calling itself Democratic does unfortunately not make it so.
1 Absent
But yeah, words from French and Low German are far more common
Extra Bonus: "Jydske Lov" from 1241 is a precursor to the constitution begins as follows:
Edit: But to answer the question: We often say "hvorfor helvede skal man betale for at parkere her
If they don’t want to do that they shouldn’t come
I don't think there's often any rhyme or reason to when you should make compound words or not
I'll go with various kinds of other roots
I can understand if it's hard to tell what is a bike path and what is a pedestrian street on the countryside, but in Copenhagen they are clearly marked and look [like this] with every single pedestrian *not* walking on the lower-leveled, bike-marked path full of bicycles
over here everything is just way more down to earth
We use them as a North Sea warning post.
Denmark has a tax ceiling of 52%. The top bracket starts at 48,000 Danish kroner per month (66,000 Swedish)
) group
It was fun
Black Americans invented many types of music but for the most part no one cared until a white man started playing it.
The word 'racist' is losing its meaning.
I wasn't expecting the small street I grew up on to be included, this is awesome
It's likely also because I didn't grow up in Copenhagen so my family isn't here and most of my friends are moving due to being done studying and getting new jobs all over the country
Fillip/Philip
Just recently a dead whale was dissected and the British and American media again threw a fit
Here's the YouTube link, obviously it's in Danish, but its still a good watch
Take a cold turkish
That would fuck with the danish heating system, we import trash and burn it for energy
These cases should of course be determined by a doctor, not a Facebook group for concerned mothers
At first I thought this was wrong as I remember this being legal for a long time in Denmark
I came upon a closed down mink farm not far from where I lived as a child, that shit was horrendous
I mainly use the "Yule" translate of Jul rather tan Christmas to underscore Danish Christmas is not the same as American Christmas.
At least in Denmark you can do the declaration and payment yourself, provided you're up for filling out a form correctly(looks somewhat challenging), calculate the correct tax and VAT, and then taking it to the SKAT office and paying it there
That just means you aren't break COVID the rules :)
Integrating minorities in an ethnic homogenous society is an illusion.
However, only the students on their last year are currently in school, so school's much more empty than usual
Thanks for the help on my grammar.
I was on a student exchange there a few years ago, and I felt completely like home
In this thread - A UK/England that doesn't know how to move on and face the reality that France is seeing other nations.
I know but peace in Syria is far away ambition.
We do something very similar and so does Sweden
So she is like the standert public employee
Would be awesome to get to know estonians
Gomorn is exactly what we say
I pay for the support for a political party, which also grants me a form of membership
Nice try, but we all just hate sweden
Tourism is an export by the same reasoning
And if so, what is stopping the companies from giving non-cash benefits instead
I love German grammar
Ja, det er det, det var bare det".
It'd be weird _not_ to have a Danish flag, in Denmark
Tankie spotted
I'm going to give you reddit gold.
You shouldn't even have China on this graph
So in her Norwegian ears I asked her “do I have to pay
No doubt the most popular band in the period was [Gasolin]
obviously also impacts the spread of things like influenza which is very common around the same time that Covid popped up, so you may not end up with *that* many extra deaths since influenza usually kills people as well
When I was that age, I think people went skiing (and afterskiing) more than Prague, but that was also on their own budget.
Extremely cool and down to earth, while also being back to back world champions in the best sport on the planet (handball, which we incidentally invented)
If I can't overdose on calcium from my water, why even drink it
Edit: Or at least just fully decriminalise it
Ronal Barbaren (Ronal the Barbarian)
Because Bergman is one of the greatest directors of all time
I lived in Orange country just outside of Los Angeles for 2 years, first thing we did, was getting year card for Disneyland
Like something is missing
Danish West-India was just as much islands as Greenland is, I guess.
Couldn’t a software robot do all of that
Ikke blot er jeg trænet i ubevæbnet kamp i udførlig grad, men jeg har også adgang til hele den danske flådes arsenal og jeg vil bruge det i dets fulde omfang til at vaske din elendige røv af kontinentet, din lille skid
It's the cozy feeling you get when being in good company
That means that statistically, there's only a white Christmas in Denmark every 13 years, locally every 5 years
Apartments in the ghettos are mostly allocated by the government, so it's mostly a case of giving fewer of these apartments to non ethnic Danes.
Makes sense thinking about King Arthur etc
_ This axiom has held true all the way back to Marx
Norway writes it -sen because of Danish, and Danish does it because of how our language developed
Our most infamous gangs related to drug trade are all imported, like biker gangs literally just local versions the American ones
There's a few
Deep frying Heroin might be the most British thing I have ever heard about.
Like, why does all stores put a rubberband around my carton of eggs
I remind you this happened in what is probably the most fertile agricultural region on earth, and one of the reasons for it happening was extremely tough quotas, that often didn't leave the farmers with enough seeds to both feed themselves, and plant enough crops for next year
ALL the time
Maybe a nice
Austria - Østrig
It could be someone from Copenhagen
It's strange that they don't use a Danish/Scandinavian keyboard in Norway, when they have the same order of Æ Ø Å in the alphabet
A common expression is "Hvor peperet gror", meaning "Where pepper grows".
"You are an ass-banana". There's not a specific scenario where it makes sense to use it
We split up later that year, but the feeling of tranquility and calm as we made our way back to harbor on a wave-less sea will forever stand out in my mind
We use aksler exclusively for mechanic parts
000
My point is that even if you dont fully trust your pro-EU politicians, the EU is set up so nothing crazy can happen so easily
These gangs are mostly immigrants fighting for territories for the drugs an extortion
It was a cowardly suckerpunch
But yeah, it's a weird language based on some guy travelling to small remote random villages and declaring their version of Norwegian to be the "true" Norwegian
Realized it wouldn't work and edited it to reflect..
Seriously
Do not ridicule Sweden or Norway
Send some Italian police to help out.
Also, Germanic =/= German
Talking loud and taking shoes off in someone's home are the same here in Denmark tho
So, to sum up, that stupid kid was cycling down a dark driveway, wearing dark clothes, was listening to music, spending more energy on reading what was on his phone than watching the road and had no lights on
There is seemingly no reasonable explination for the phrase
Well thank you
etc
I had the impression that while shopping streets are aplenty in big cities, pedestrian-only streets (like [Strøget] in Copenhagen) are quite rare
Joking
For instance, my accent is non-rhotic (no final Rs), but I do use the linking r, which I wasn't even conscious of until recently
Also you can send your package to f.x a supermarket and you can pick it up there
I'd like to make a correction to Denmark.
That's a picture of Western Russia, Northern Estonia and Eastern Sweden
000 ish a month
ANAAAAA~~~ MAEBAAAAAAAA~~~
Edit: I may be spreading fake news about the Herulians
> Tørrfisk = Dry fish, fish hanged to dry, smells disgusting but last essentially forever
Egern - ˈeˀjʌn
At least the permanent exhibition
So I wonder if in Sweden just like in Denmark, the bikers are seen as “heroes” by white supremacist and so on
Then why mention the Falklands?
Im not arguing that capitalism is brilliant and flawless
I didn't know that Denmark had the 4th longest coastline in the world (when counting Greenland and the Faroe Islands)
Like pant in Denmark, I guess
You have to watch it with mind on how things were back then.
I agree, these people are dangerous, but isolating yourself from them is not and never will be the answer.
When tourists pronounce Copenhagen as Kopenhagen as if we are Germans
But that is to avoid the EU
And many teens(especially teenage girls) seems to be watching "Skam" in Denmark, so I guess it is both ways?.
It’s just your class
In Danish they're mariehøner, Mary hens
Such a bummer that we can’t go to Denmark, yet the vikings in england were danish
Zero rating, though
Denmark held Gotland, Helsingborg and Landskrona as well as most of Swedish Pomerania together with the Brandenburgers after the Scanian War
Always been a mystery to be how the UK can produce some of the best and most popular music in the world, yet still end up next to last almost every year
That goes for every single country on the planet
The Kingdom of Denmark will happily welcome you back into the fold
McDonalds large 0,95L
They are our mentally challenged cousin, but they are ours
Very beautiful beaches
It's a private matter
A personal worst is our 2016 entry Soldiers of Love by Lighthouse X, i can't stand that song
In Danish, you can say slik, snolder or godter, although the last one is rarely used anymore
That is very confusing for everybody else, especially English speaking visitors
Protests do absolutely nothing in solving this very physical problem
Slovenia
I am astounded
*when it's drukken fill it up
Danes tend to really like their German tourists
Very true words I guess people just want validation all the time
Yes, as the photos show below, people's arms are out, but some are reaching, some were carved in that pose to show dignity, prowness, and even courage
Put it like this: you can't bring enough clothes for several months no matter what.
Yup, in 1969
Rolled over
Many
* Coal: 68,1 %
probably never will, not much of a skier, but places should be quite beautiful, and something quite different.
Pepole serm to recomend alot of serious film
It's four tens but the litteral translation is four twenties
Is the story about the burning oil refinary in Italy real?
Much less in the countryside
Could you please send some nice weather then
It's a friendly rivalry, deep down we all care about and love each other.
50 is halvtres or halvtresindstyvene, meaning "half-three-times-twenty", which doesn't really make sense
They also make [energy drinks] which imo are *way* better than Monster or anything else
I wonder if that's where the Danish word "mobning", meaning "bullying", comes from
riding his horse] through Copenhagen during the nazi occupation
Gun laws and the educational system would concern me aswell
A bit hesitantly, I began doing so, as we haven’t played that much yet, in the grand scope of things, but I got into the swing of it, and before I knew it, I had done most of the Great Powers, and some of most prominent of the remaining nations.
cant think of any other atm, i'll add more if i remember them
Our highest point is actually lower than Netherlands' highest point, so they've even gotten us beat on that :(
The legislative power shall be vested in the King and the Folketing conjointly
Fucking idiot
I have no idea, i find it kinda silly really haha
The Pope sanctioned various Nordic Kings promises of spreading the word of God by war, and their journeys took them east.
If you guys ever separate from the rest of the UK and get real independence, you will be a welcome new member in the Nordic council if you wish
Unlike you, I *know* they will have it sooner or later.
Finland is certainly same rich as Denmark but is still not contributing very much
Lots of aspects and especially local politics are in play though, and we have seen our share of horrible urban renewal or speculators buying old properties just to purposefully neglect them so they eventually become so derelict that they can legally demolish them and construct modern horrors.
C H L O R I N A T E D   C H I C K E N S
Nice post - I'm sorry if I'm being pedantic, but we do have a larger predator than the fox, even if we don't count the wolves that have been coming back in the recent years
St Petersburg and Moscow is actually really pretty, you can see lots of classic architecture and some amazing churches.
We occupied Norway for four hundred years, and just to rub it in we called it a "union". Fun times (except for Norway)
In many places, they still have siestas or long lunches, and there's a lot of socializing in the evenings
And in the meantime, if any dutch citizens are in need of consular assistance in Turkey, they can go to any embassy or consulate belonging to a EU country and recieve the same level of service as they would at the dutch consulate because EU fuck yeah.
They're very well known though and not just here in Denmark either, but you won't suddenly "get" Denmark or the Danes by reading them.
Iceland: Keiko (free Willy)
When Denmark and the Brandenburgers opposed it, he moved his army all the way up to Oldenborg and forced Denmark and the Brandenburges to accept his terms
Things I grw up with would be artist like Natasja, Bikstok Røgsystem, Jøden, Kasper Spez and Per Vers
Tryk is  just like the German "drück".
Fantastic nature, cool people, a language that can't possibly sound anything but happy, and of course our long happy history together**, that we both thorougly enjoyed**
It’s approximately 0,55 hectares
But my views have grown a lot more nuanced as I grew older.
I do think Americans are more free than Europeans on expense of the working class
I like how some of them are offended on our behalves
It's the same in Sweden, Norway and Iceland
If you order it first, the barman can pour the Guineeses first, pour other drinks meanwhile and finish the Guinness
People are not punished by things that are morally reprehensible but things that are illegal.
Together with Poland and perhaps Romania
the data was full of errors in some cases, causing possibly innocent people to be convicted based on this
I also find that people in the Nordic’s are often portrayed as being kinda distant from western (American) society, as if people here don’t know anything about America at all, and have never seen any kind of technology before
I think I read that we "beat" them (yay
'Mink is kill'
Denmark so small the number doesn't event fit om there
I'm not sure but I'll just throw this out there.
"Breaking News - US president sits and dreams about peace"
but MOST posts and memes on /r/denmark are in danish
The more Germany spends, the less other has to.
Axler for shoulders make it sound like people in Sweden are androids or something in danish
It's just something people call it other as a silly insult
At least “Swedes are gay” is an actual joke, obviously nobody thinks Sweden is more homosexual than other places
Where I live, I rarely see them and if so, it is used by companies as a sort of advertising (like driving instructors for instance
If I end up paying the same for a glass of water as a glass of coke, then I'd want something for my money
Yes, but people confuse them with Romanians because the names are so similar
What’s the most random tradition or aspect of your country
Sorry, but yes, that is shocking to me to see that a person can be criminally charged for what amounts to name calling.
If the currency is free then it's the market that decide the price of the currency.
Is it similar to areas of Berlin/Brussels?
She was really nice and we ended up chit chatting a lot, but then I realized how rude it actually was
>This is a very dark time in our history that we feel Danes know very little about
Dane here, I've never heard anyone actually SAY the "hit". It's just "to fluer med eet smæk".
People care more about what you studied
We weren't taught about that we treated our slaves just like any other slave nation, we were horrible and racist
Those are gross rates before deductions.
The University of Copenhagen is ranked as the highest in Denmark according to:
People do use them interchangeably, but that's honestly pretty infuriating
Every time there's a "how do you say X in your language" I find a Norwegian/Swedish comment and don't bother with the "same" anymore
Bad
Compromise often is a result of multi-party systems, but it isn't, and shouldn't be, the rule
Rocket enthusiast and submarine builder Peter Madsen is up there
Roofs as in *tage*?
And then Prussia kicked Denmarks teeth in
That was why Iceland could decide to end the union
Thanks for the clarification :)
No - only between the north-pol(and) and south-pol(and)
While they did take up something of a noble cause they are nothing but floating assholes that uses propaganda as their main weapon.
Then you're quite frankly stupid.
You say foreigners but in Danish it's also Beograd
* Swedish: 85 % (still very similar to Danish, but not nearly as similar as Norwegian - there were several words I had to decipher from context or plain didn't know)
I have never worked for a company that negotiated salary or working conditions with a union anyway
either way, slesvig-holsten returns to their rightful country
Or are you implying the only thing wrong with socialism was Stalin
H.C. Andersen
There were no need to have rage against Germans that weren't supporting the nazi regime
I really don't know
The EU is a necessity if we want Europe to survive the 21st and 22nd century.
They just didn't have a choice until the 1990s.
Now give us oil monies to fix our crumbling public infrastructure høhø
I'd say in many ways the dialects of Thybomål, Sønderjydsk and Alsisk, basically work as their own language - Bornholmsk at times as well
It is a nunatak, a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice
It is inevitable
Before I clicked the link, I did not expect to see chocolate cake
Things like “bad” weather, apparently hard to make friends (have not lived anywhere else to compare), apparent “conformity-culture” (I live in a big city, whereas most of Scandinavia is very rural, I think this might play a role), not having any truly big cities with the biggest one being around 1-2 million - I’ve heard these from others but they don’t really bother me personally
Both objectives are achieved once the other guy is injured and doesn't want to fight anymore
I am just curious about the actual words which he can no longer say.
I mean I know we danes talk shit about you but I mean, we're ruddy neighbors eh
However, you may obviously be able to compare countries that way to some degree, if one country has no extra deaths and another country has a lot of them, that could be a useful comparison but you still don't really know how many Covid killed in either country
Even in posh little Bath - passed three different brawls walking home from a shift once and was just
Well, you know, we do what we do when we do what we do
They have a few days to comply
In reality that’s the only normal work they ever do and it’s probably nice to do something else
The thing is, the Nazis actually encouraged male German citizens to own guns, and do shooting and hunting and such
Yeah, that's what I've heard of the German Turks, it seems to be sort of the same here, but a little more progressive, perhaps because we have a lot of Kurds as well
Definitely Deutschland
Yeah
In northern Denmark (Grenen) you can see two seas meeting, with waves coming from two sides
You left out this part:
I think it depends on the family
It’s from the English cold turkey
In christania you'll find people of all ages as well
It's been pretty damn great
No country has fought as many wars as we and the swedes has
If i wanted to vote as far right as i could, then i could only go as far as DF (Danish people's party), which is a part of the ID group, which i presume is the orange (Liberal and conversative
Remember these cannons were in commission when there were solely wooden ships on the sea
I was put to work at the ‘meeting room’ lounges
I actually love our cuisine in general, despite being a huge food lover
Which humour
ost, ost and ost in Scandinavia, okay (Iceland coming in with "ostur" or something)
Homelessness in Denmark is a tough topic, because there is no one homeless because they need money.
It seems clear that Germany *doesn’t* value his sexism
Ah, Niels Ebbesens huset - no it's not a pub, just a regular restuarant formerly called "Niels Ebbesens" after the guy that we have a statue of in the city center (now called Potten og Panden, I believe)
DR 1, which is the main tv-channel of the public-service Danish Broadcasting Corporation
And you need to apply residence permit and a lot of other fun stuff, if you are not from an EU or EEA county
State visits are still a thing
I’ve seen the “Danish (scandi) people like to be naked all the time” stereotype too, and it’s kinda dumb imo
That list, though, is rather more damning
Independence for people B, 2
I hope the owner gets the justice he deserves for this, its an outright tragedy.
I write "α". My handwriting looks like the one of a 5-year-old, so it would look completely ridiculous if I tried to go refined by writing "a".
TIL Bornholm is in the Eastern Bloc.
If you don't film it and put it on facebook you probably won't fin out.
I've had my wallet stolen once at a station near Nørrebro, though the guy did give it back to me when I asked
Happy cake day by the way
I learned enough to convince people that don't speak russian that I did speak it, but I didn't learn very much
" and then you immediately read that this means "Jeg kommer igen senere
Guns and Gun laws
Then it gets a bit complex
Most of these are accepted, though being late is generally frowned upon
Norwegian uses a lot of the same words as Danish, and I’m often told by people from other countries that they cannot tell them apart from each other
There's a lot of magic
They just stored and sold shitton of data and made it their actual main business
It's not really a used insult anymore though
George = Georg
Volume matters - new technology is global - 300 years ago the West was bigger - was growing and had guns others didn't have.
You can reason and negotiate with a sepratist, but not with an islamist.
What do you think the masses would want?
*Significantly* more so than the alternatives
It's usually not about the kid being "kicked out" but simply that the kid has likely been thinking about it, dreaming about the "freedom" of it etc
Since both the Danish, Finnish and Norwegians all seem to hate you guys
The EU has been respecting the result of the referendum the whole time
Older kids would be embarressed) . Picking up relatives at the airport
And the quality of life, lifestyle and general feeling here, you can get in Århus as well, without breaking the bank to just have more than a tiny one-bedroom apartment with hardly even being able to afford the the option to go out for a drink every once in a while
American waiter Navalny
Denmark lost two fifth of its territory to Prussia in a devastating war, with the bloodiest battle in Danish history being the one fought at Dybbøl during the war
It seems you are doing better without us anyway
Their portion sizes
etc
[here’s a video]
We had it through 4-6th grade I think
Yeah I get that, but I dont see why that is valid reason for it to be legal
Anecdotal I know, but both my big sister and little sister put their babies to sleep outside, and neither is an outdoorsy type at all
Yes, diabetes from being beaten up by a group of assailants.
I'd generally consider them to be American, sure.
I’ve seen the “Danish (scandi) people like to be naked all the time” stereotype too, and it’s kinda dumb imo
32,000 have been rescued, 100 arrested.
I would say it's not until after we lost Norway, that we became "irrelevant"
> Får får får? = Do sheep give birth to sheep
That whole area is just brystvorte
You cannot seriously be deluded enough to think that ethnic/cultural/religious differences don't matter
Mostly only on 2 subjects
It was added as late as 1953, when Greenland was incorporated, and not when the Faroe Islands were incorporated in 1850
I live in Copenhagen and in many ways, it's great - a good balance of green areas and city
You are kidding yourself if you think they are like this because they are kind
So I think it is sad that the government executed them
The Vegan party who have compared meat-eaters to Nazis
I assume the administration is being paid generously
All master's courses outside of profession specific ones(law, medicine, etc) are exclusively in English, and they are almost exclusively taught by the research group leaders, at least in Molecular Biology
We knew nothing
I wouldn't. I would settle down somewhere in Scandinavia where the weather isn't too hot and unbearable
The Finnish Civil War
There are some others that are quite popular now that's newer, but since Denmark is currently fighting with youtube over copyright issues, none of them are available on YT
i've not seen complaints when someone asks a question, or comments, in english though :)
Atleast I had to show passport when crossing into sweden recently from the danish side.
This was the first hit that popped up
Them saying Kattegat with that super sharp accent all the time made me smile, tbh
I can't blame them, no other country other than Denmark can do the Danish accent
TIL that Berlin is called Berlino in Italian, which I somehow find hilarious
Oddly enough I don’t think Denmark do - North Pole is apparently no mans land
Many kinder gardens in Denmark has a bit of forest and grass where a few sheds with cute animals like chickens, rabbits and goats.
That's close to the thinking she had, that the workforce is full of monolingual Danes I could one-up
Who's to blame if one falls and hits someone in the head?
No one is doubting (except internet trolls) that everyone is opposed to Islamic terrorism and decapitations
And no, im not comparing an actual monarch with power to yours, just saying thats a weird argument
I used to teach danish to foreigners, and it was the most common complaint that Danes "refused" to let them try speaking in danish and always just switched to English - no matter how simple the conversation (even "a coffee, please" would get rejected)
Id say that at this point it is mainly sweden
I know I already spoiled the joke by discussing it, but..
Many do take a couple or more gap years for work and travel before going on to university
is Glitterik Smørhår which means Glittery Butterhair - e.g "smooth as butter". Moody is called Skrækøje (Horror-eye) Dunder (old word for thunder)
Don't apologize, the map is absolutely great the way it is
What more confuses me is why are the different languages different articles
Convenience, higher influence on EU monetary policies, and showing support for the EU project
I'll just upvote you back
The world's on fucking fire, Mette is too busy blaming refugees for all of our issues but at least we get to feel great because Trump saying an insane thing to get all of our eyes off of the actual issues in the world worked as per usual
That microwaves and phones give you cancer unless you put a small sticker on your phone, that you bought from an obscure health website
It's the natural order of things when school children and people in night clubs get shot by people who'd been on a terrorist watch list for 3 years, but were still allowed unrestricted access to guns.
I don't mind that we use money on that.
Svar ark, answer paper or answer sheet
The legal rate of coorporate taxation in Ireland is 12.5 % , in Denmark it is 22%, in Czech republic, Poland and Hungary it is 19% etc.
I’ve heard a danish woman in her 50s saying we should switch to English
If you look at something like Taipei 101 or Burj Khalifa, those are postmodernist structures
And the unification by a woman (Queen Margrethe I) was a major achievement
The Stars and Stripes seems to be one of the unifying things, and even when politicised, such as at protests, it's used by both the left and the right
> The argument was that it is part of being "danish" to shake hands, regardless of your background or believes
Rødgrød med fløde
This is not gonna end well for Sweden or Germany, most of these people will never be integrated in Swedens or Germany's society which in turn will make a minority of them radicalized Islamist.
Japan has the oldest
we will just do like in malaysia with a rotating monarchy
I don't know if it's the exposure to more American media or that the Danish accents is very crude when let loose and just sound like American English
Russia
I've never been a big fan though, they seem awfully buggy
Yeah, literally everyone in Denmark loves him, and I’m sure the rest of the world would too if they knew the language
Makes sense
Well Norway was part of either Sweden or Denmark for a long time
[That's true] It just feels that way to most danes, myself included, which is a bad excuse, I know.
Had/have nearly all of them, also alot of lucky luke and Tintin and  Iznogood :) its really what i read as a kid
Democracy came to dominate Europe, not because of the EU, but because of the military defeat of fascism and later the collapse of the USSR.
Thank you for having such beautiful women
Yea like Russia and Pluto
Ok, go ahead
They are literally free to leave if they decide to do so
000
They way they have been treated does not explain their insane violence rate.
King Leopold II of the Belgians persuaded the government to support colonial expansion around the then-largely unexplored Congo Basin.
Building wooden ships for a millenia sure costs a lot of trees
Jokes aside, thank you sweden for helping us save the danish jews in ww2
I went on an exchange which my parents paid for, but my parents would never even think to buy me an iphone because it's too expensive when you can get the same or better for less money
Do you think Danish politicians just sit around saying “well we are a perfect paradise so I can just go home now”?
Well, we have no way of knowing that sub's views.
Don't forget Metallica founded by Lars Ulrich
I find it interesting though as you travel around the country, the water flavor can change
Not downward dog or warrior pose or any of the hundreds of other poses
that is roughly 1/6 of all men between 18-64..
ATM machine needs a PIN number
eh, either one) is not really your strong suit huh
Although I’m sure there are worse criminals
but I really had no clue what to expect other than "other European country".
I do not know if it is as much attractive, but I have noticed that Germans who learn Danish have a very negligible accent, I guess the languages resembles each other so much that there is little accent.
It is quite sad, that you've never tasted rye bread.
Why-ever would you put that in quotes
They basically said: "You should have known we didn't actually mean it when we told you to work for them
When the country that keeps electing Berlusconi thinks like that, we have reached a new level
Reporting you to the workers tribune if you spread lies from decadent West again
I'm strongly in favor of everyone using Euros
It's pretty obvious that Scotland can't offer free education to the rest of the UK with the ways the prices in the rest of their country are going
>It would be very weird (and impossible regarding logical consistency) to view Denmark ca 1300 as a country but not Sweden at the same time
Now comes the political question, and it has gone kinda as you would expect from Reddit
Breivik in norway 2011 was at a school summer camp i think
Nevertheless, the tap water here is not chemically treated, only filtered (often with sand filters) and oxidized before reaching the consumer
You were responding to OP, who was talking about Low German, which is what this entire conversation was about
The lack of unions, like, no wonder your minimum wage hasn't gone up with inflation
id argue full danish control would be ideal, but then again i might be slightly biased
It's my favorite mode of transportation
Very accurate vice versa as well
Kildare is relatively close to Dublin, so you have the same kind of steriotypes about people from somewhere like Desmond
A national export is work your citizens do, which foreign citizens pay for
It is still used to describe the size of farms, but I think it has changed to something more exact
Great Britian - Storbritanien
How's the EU aid coming along
So in order for the EU to become more democratic, it would have to take power away from national governments?
I suppose the creation itself is yeah.
It was in response to the escapades of Inger Støjberg though (think: Taking jewelry from immigrants and the Lebanese newspaper ad)
You may have been temporarily occupied by the cowardly and devious Swedes, but you will forever occupy Danish hearts and souls.
Tbh, when thinking about it, I realized it's simply because I don't care - if somebody looks into my apartment and sees me naked, what going to happen
If it were to fall into Russian hands it would allow access to the rest of Europe and full air control over the Baltic sea" - spiderpai 14-12-2016
Though I did learn about the bronze age
We have **multiple variations** of counting in our thousands
> no one is saying lets instantly create this EU state, but lets just take a step towards that
So much uniformity leads me to think that there is something unspoken going on here
It's a great movie
When I say *way North,* Lyngby is actually only 20 min or so from Copenhagen Central station with the city train
If Turkey was a liberal secular state with freedom of press, open democracy which doesn't oppress opposition parties and minor cultures and tried to pursue diplomatic solutions with its neighbors rather than bullying them - All of which would be parts of the requirements to join the European Union - The Cyprus dispute would most likely have been solved.
In Denmark you can write in Danish or English.
I was lucky enough to get a paid internship, but otherwise I would just get my SU (monthly student grant) and the company would just cover any transportation costs, which I guess might be less of an incentive for companies to pay students, as you can survive without
Not gonna try banana curry pizza either
Nordjylland er konge og du ved det godt
The deceiving headline that is intended to make people believe that this is something that just happened is an indication of the motivation
Well perhaps Ireland could have helped them...
This sounds snobby as hell, but I was honestly so confused when I read The DaVinci Code
***Maybe*** Turkey has the power to destroy the Netherlands.
Nobody is "dus" with the queen, except for close friends and family
It's not really a used insult anymore though
Communist countries
Their religious leaders support the bombs and they keep believing that shit
I imagine a lot of Europeans can’t, because English is so different from their native language
Same here
Oh, you, too
He was declared mad by some of the nobles because they didn’t like how much money he was spending on fairy-tale castles
* Germany: All the technology and innovation and showing a country can rise again after a shameful past
You are correct, and I was misinformed
Latvia
Again, you disagree all you want, but the fact is that these activities are doing nothing but strengthen their argument.
My uncle used to do it too
It's certainly enough of a thing, even if it as a meme, that [Danmarkshistorien
And ofc the Scandinavians - Sweden and Norway, Finland and Iceland.
i'd say, for me, here in Denmark
I've met like, maybe 2 or 3 people, who could ALMOST pull it off
Træffes beslutning efter stk
Det vil jeg i hvert fald give dig ret i. Det er nok de to jeg bruger mest i hvert fald
Also reminds me how fortunate we are for living right in this tiny pocket of time
It was just a guess really
Does it make sense to call water bland
How the mighty have fallen
Get the longboats brothers
Hvor er du fra
great, gonna be on the lookout next time down.
But we should replace it with a more up to date convention.
They presented it as a nice song about a natural Phenomenon :)
For a second I thought somebody had censored the hog’s {synonym for rooster}
Small nations have greater proportional representation everywhere in the EU
The show does not exactly scream 'Murica
>  If we can't talk in English, they either talk or understand Hungarian
denmark is closely allied with america and works well with them on various military assignments
I would also say Aarhus, while Copenhagen is more international and much larger, Aarhus is dominated by its university which is the largest in all of Scandinavia
[Lars Lilholt - Hvidsten Kro]
For instance, if I’m a Frenchman from Lille in the north, and I join the Police Nationale, can I be assigned to police Marseille in the south?
You’re right
Thanks
Seriously
Yes, sadly
Hahaa that honestly makes more sense
9€ for high speed internet
Well it kinda is I guess
Weird language as well
I've been wondering (Although not enough to actually find the info obviously..
It is the reason why Denmark, which is a very small country, has (or at least had until recently) a vast number of very different dialects
Suck it Europe
Funny thing is, Danes have absolutely no idea who he is
So that's a wrap
Yeah, that was my experience when visiting NL as well, it's like weirdly similar
I love my country, and consider how reserved we are a peaceful and wonderful character trait
Even the exceptions are much more cases of "all the king's land happened to be inhabited by a single people" rather than "the people had their own state"
I don't think there is antisemitism among "white" Danes.
In my expirence (being from Jylland, but having lived in Copenhagen for 8 years)
It's the exact same reason why terrorists are burried in secret.
I've driven through the Puszta a few times
In speech, it can be harder, but on text, the differences com down to I/E or J/G and small things like that
Walking on water is quite easy, actually.
27 celsius is what my garden thermometer read around 3 in the afternoon
non germanic) language
My own language has been particularly enriched by German (about 17% of the words in a random Danish text came from German), and it feels a bit a-historical or ignorant to see the current adoption of English words as anything but natural language evolution - after all no one is today complaining about "arbejde", "altså", "virkelig", "bevidsthed" etc as German loan words ruining Danish
I think he's talking about the way they act.
Well, I think I act a bit more constrained as I cannot as easily identify personality from the way of speech of foreigners as I can when talking to other Danes
It's completely a part of the language
In Denmark, we have Tarm which translates to intestine, Sæd which translates to Semen, København/Copenhagen which translates to Buy A Harbor (Køb En Havn), Århus which is Year House, Aalborg which is Eel Castle, and finally the infamous Middelfart which is hilarious to foreigners
24 episodes a new one released every day of December leading up the Christmas eve
I believe some of them even speak Swedish, shudders.
East Berlin
Would be great if the EU could advertise themselves with a similar message physically on display like "Funded in part by the European Union".
Danish: Tablet
How many NATO exercises is it Sweden takes part in every year?
We were told that we were the last ones that were 100% girl no matter the age, that's all I know, but like I said, I was a child and this is way over 10 years ago, so my memory might be faulty - but my mum even stayed on the DDS board for longer than I was a spejder (two years extra I think, she still complains about it) because it was closing down due to lack of attendence and several parents worked hard to keep it open, so to keep the final pure DDS girl scouts open
Man that's a lot of complexity for something that could just be called "øl".
According to every single article I've been able to find, membership numbers are going up, though not by much
The only other place I've consistently experienced people being that considerate of lost foreigners is actually Norway
You need to be able to stay in one place.
That is hilarious
30c+ : "Please kill me
In denmark we use this Things called NemID
I Danmark er jeg født [
This is exactly what we would expect with a gradual settlement, where more and more people were assimilated into Saxon culture as they spread west
For the Danish impaired
We're returning to normal (a more functioning Libyan state).
Finally the actual leaders are in the lead, so can we get shit done before we have to pretend that everyone gets a say again
Few countries indeed have warred as much, and spilled as much of eachother's blood, as Denmark and Sweden
The huge sense of impressiveness and eyes on you almost made me stutter
I always study on my morning ride, with the quite radio in the background
And still you didn’t prepare a better comeback
Well last time a counter demonstration showed up and made a lot of trouble.
Farm, Farm, Farm, Grassfield, Town, Farm Farm - Oh, there's a tiny forest - Farm, Farm
I actually think the EU has been very forward and negotiated in good faith
It’s been 15 degrees here in Denmark for the last two weeks
Being [attacked] [with] [cinnamon] on your 25th birthday if you are not married.
Ohhhh shit
Excluding people would just breed resentment, and you'd end up with yet more nationalism and populism.
000
I'm talking non-western immigrants.
love the bus ride since it's where i listen to podcast or nap
An iphone is also seen as a phone for people who isn't tech savvy
In Danish it’s appelsin, same meaning
Either bike or get of the road
You can in theory do the toll/tax/VAT thing yourself, but I don't know anybody that does that
But having too many parasites inside the system weakens it
So yea, I used to think it was a bad thing, but now I think that is just how it is
In Danish it's also hammer, although the name for sledgehammer, Mukkert, is a lot more hammersounding
i just make up new words when that happens, noone notices
But you can always find objections to them no matter how they measure it.
Shit, I’m gonna need a thesaurus
That's something polish people doesn't like to hear
**Finland:** Their quiet, mutual friend
We don't. But just as in German you can put random words together to make a new one
[Harvard has a research centre dedicated to the effects firearms has on society
I’ve seen people legitimately shocked that we still have murders, bad parts of town, people losing their jobs, people struggling with the system, homelessness
Identifying as Europeans does not make your country European
The v isn't lost really
Or North Korea
True, it's like Netherland, just nicer and cooler being Scandinavian/Nordic and all
Thanks for the suggestions, the National Space Centre looks fun.
Moldova can only dream of the day it can afford to take that title
You don't buy salami or cheese by the the gram either
Also unless you go to the super touristy spots, it doesn't seem overly populated
Brits, for example, have this haircut that I immediately associate with only them
>  the "differences" you listed are differences that arise after we are born they are taught differences
Queen Margrethe is liked by most
Last successful case was in 1977
Den er så gammel, så gammel, er der sagt, den var til, længe før mormors mormor blev født, og dog er den i alder et barn kun imod åmanden, der er en gammel, en stille, en underlig én med åleskindsbukser og skælfiskstrøje med gule åkander i, siv om håret og andemad på skægget og det er just ikke kønt
Late to the party here but as other Danes have said, *always* use our first name unless you're *really* trying hard to be polite when..
Probably 65/35 blue/black
They have been treated 2
Means to take a brake from something
> The only state I know of getting around this rule even though they are eligible for the currency is Denmark
Rest in peace Uffe Holm's career then
If you want iOS, you have to buy Apple, but if you want Android OS, you can choose
It is a trade block that incorporates lots of different agendas.
Yeh I agree, I like them kinda neutral with a hint of a certain country, not just (example) German and just have a bratwurst on the table
Buy secondhand whenever possible and buy quality instead of cheap, easy breakable things
Pretty ironic he considered it a country to uphold civil rights when you look at the apartheid system that was present
That’s why we call Malmö the Nordic Chicago
>I mentioned it to them, and they seemed confused
You can burn science books, that's OK.
The shooter threw a snowball first
Whats your logic behind that?
Denmark is a socialist country
in regards to breaks, danish students have 6 weeks in the summer, one in autumn, two-three in the winter, and several holidays spread in spring
It's crazy how many conspiracy theories they buy into.
Damn those slaves and plebs not knowing whats good for them
I should note that I strongly oppose neo-nazis
I mean, I get the kebab thing, but what does anal sex have to do with anything?
Hunter S. Thompson said his blood was too thick for Nevada's desert climate
Scanian have the throat R as well
The point is that capitalism is a flexible enough framework that is able to include "socialist" policies like the ones you just listed
"An interesting development about this is that in the 1900-century, a myth about him being called "Christian the Good" in Denmark, started spreading throughout Sweden
It still varies quite a bit from country to country.
Things like the US having 6.6 million km of roadway where all signage is in British units are just one of the difficulties.
If there's a bell in a pub and you ring it then the next round is on you
*You had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides
Graphs, graphs, graphs
hehe the remain campaign is still salty i see..
Exposure matters a ton
They watch the intro on YouTube, and it's not even Danish, it sounds like some weird Swedish German hybrid
Isn't the nightlife crazy in Nuuk?
And then there's one dialect
Watch all 14 Olsen Banden movies
That is not how things are done up here.
Danish is one of the languages with the highest amount of vowels (and sounds in general, but especially vowels) in the world
Among the younger generation it's also quite common to see English words conjugated using Danish grammar
Modernism as a style is at this point pretty darn old, and looks much the same now as it did before
their works are not really about anything particular Danish.
And to know about the economic development of the republic - apparently all is well :-)
I think it's more a matter of blowing out pointless greenhouse gasses rather than fuel shortage
This is from the Soviet Union right before they collapsed
I very much disagree with you
And i'm guessing there's a similar arrangement for people in the army.
All in all, it's a good rule of thumb to assume that a full day will be spent on this.
Well no, sorrt, but it's r/Europe so it kinda surprised me tbh
Denmark have free healthcare as in a national health insurance
I recently moved back to my hometown Randers (Denmarks 6th biggest city) and here I feel very safe no matter where in town I am
> People who say American flag-use is excessive obviously have never been to Denmark
And although Denmark's a tiny country, we are *everywhere*.
And if you continue from there, you'll go down Via Panoramica towards Salò, there's a couple of great viewing spots from there
You’d think with all the talk of things being XXXL over there that you couldn’t possibly be surprised, right
And even disregarding the cost of building the infrastructure, such a network would probably still be running at a loss just from operational costs
I mean, it does say he's a fellow at the Cato Institute
When Britain first arrived in India, much of the continent was ruled by the Mughals, and before that, by various other empires, Indian or not
Ah, so like Denmark have today?
> If you shoot or stab someone by accident, youve done something very, very wrong
UK was seen as an ally on a lot of Danish positions in EU
Sure but again, the electors basically did as instructed by the state, in other words, it's not the electors themselves who are the problem.
It is the same doctors that do the surgery in the private and public hospitals.
I haven't either, and it's not something I miss in my life
No - only between the north-pol(and) and south-pol(and)
The future you envision, with CISPR vampires, would most likely simply evolve into a BNW-esque scenario.
The 60 million it owed at the end of the war had grown to 260 million before they even began to pay it off.
Here is a [Wikipedia page] about it, but as it also says there are no clear borders nor any official demarcation
I went there for an event both times, so it was nice to put Amsterdam on the been there done that list, but it's not a place I wanna go to, if I'm not attending something
Ugly as hell, but that's just my [handwriting
Denmark-Norway almost went to war with Russia in 1762 over Schleswig-Holstein, well the war did begin, but it was over almost as soon as it started as Peter III was couped and killed by Catharina the Great.
"Fucking asshole!" isn't bad because you're swearing.
But we make up our own form for determite plural which english doesn’t have (the tanks) we use danish grammar, tanksene/tankene
$50 each way is about what you should expect unless you find a sale.
What not say “gold”? It means literally gold isn’t it
Satans svensker, du fik mig til at grine
Hvor meget skal vi gi' for de jure i det tilfælde
The only thing that comes to mind is the huge Fireworks Explosion accident in Kolding in 2004 which only killed 1 person however so there maybe is worse accidents
It contains both the soft D and the Ø, both of which are challenging to pronounce for most people
METTEEEE
I have an internship coming up as a part of my education and was told that I shouldn't count on getting paid, by other students and my union
Imagine if it had all been lit at the same time
| φ = momentum space wave function
Except we burn a witch on a big bonfire, and then we sing some songs about it
Doesn't change the fact that the moon is a completely arbitrary metric
No reparations were paid and the Islands have been paid no attention since, but they did put up a statue in Copenhagen to "honor" the slaves
This is a long time ago, but Ditlev Gothard Monrad who was our Councilpresident (what we now call Stateminister or prime minister) in 1864 had quite the freakout
I wanna add some things:
That is still neglecting about 1100/1000 years of history
Jubilees, maybe, everything to do with birthdays, definitely
You Mother Fck
Too many people
TAKE THEM
I live in a community with a lot of Turkish immigrants, and eventhough they mostly support Erdoğan, it seems they are still very fond of Atatürk
Farming pigs and pumping them full with medicine
I once overheard an old man saying “she wasn’t the smartest knife in the cupboard”
He wants the media to spend time discussing events in the Netherlands instead of the changes to the Turkish constitution.
The way I heard it was " Ich bin böse und ich knalle mit die Tür", which translates to "I am angry and I slam the door", but in Danish it sounds like "I'm gay and I fuck with the bull".
I’ll always start off on danish wikipedia to get a sense of the topic and such, and if i need more info i’ll switch to english
If they live like next door to the university the kid goes to and he/she only has one year left, it'd be a bit silly to ask them to move out at that time
Are you actually implying that health organizations outside of America have a bias because of their financial icentive to sell comics about circumcision
£9000 per year is absolutely fucking insane, honestly and afaik it is not even just oxbridge but all unis because setting it lower than the maximum by law would indicate you being a "lesser" school
[Youtuber ranting about this]
That is exactly what I mean
If Spain won't let you have duel citizenship and you think your true identity is Romanian, then why don't you live in Romania
Unfortunately mostly negative associations
Foreigners talking about only Copenhagen
I've always voted left wing here in Denmark but I've never heard our right wing populists go that far.
I mean, if I'm not mistaken, Galicia/Asturias and the western British isles are part of the same ecoregion - the North-Atlantic Rainforest
I think it's necessary because of Turkey
We really liked killing each other.
Yeah, if you wanna learn it, you really just need to remember it like you would remember the names of anything else
Sand particles and such can change how light is reflected from water making it very green.
When did this list get introduced
Interesting, which dialect do you speak or am I just not noticing it?
tbf you also have jelly eels
Else then that it looks better than ever
I wonder what happens if a ship stuck in there ?
Undercover Blues was Gunpowder, Bullets and Diapers here
Also about one million Americans fly to Copenhagen yearly
It is only thing I always find painful when travelling in Germany
Half fifth times twenty (5-½ \* 20)
As someone who’s still in school: is it really that bad :(
Elk is British for Elg
Vi er alle her
The reason being that it might have been arson and that would make the arsonist Scandinavias worst serial killer, who has never been caught
Nothing wrong with that
From [this] I think you are correct
Where we live, we have excellent separate bike lanes/paths some places, but (maybe) because of that, the municipality sort of thinks they don't need to do anything other places
Well the Rus are named in the Viking sagas....
15 °C is warm, below it's jacket weather
Uh yeah, gender studies has truly been a force of scientific and technological progress
Sweden has been very violent throughout the history
Could be a BNP map
Not really though
All i had to play with growing up was a dirty rock and the tears in my eyes
Vejle's Bølgen and Fjordenhus are cool :)
Christ I'm sorry I asked i was just mildly confused
Daily/semi-daily in the traditional news media
Since we generally love sarcasm in Denmark, even the sarcastic usage *can* be used in a kidding kinda way towards friends and stuff though
Seeing the landscape roll by is a great way to experience that you're actually traveling and covering real distance.
Armenia is in Asia/Middle&East and culture of its people is close to other middle eastern countries
But it doesn't count when the same happens in American private schools?
Pretty sure, never went to one though
This sounds snobby as hell, but I was honestly so confused when I read The DaVinci Code
Outside of a few, in Danish we generally keep the same word for the city as in their respective countries' native language
We have many great works like that, for example "Nordkraft".
I would love to get a cold beer there in the summer time.
We have the mandatory cooking classes too, also in grade 7
You could of course argue the same about Belgium, but they have a good football team
>I can imagine Copenhagen being better
Which isn’t exactly smart, but he was as sane as anyone
I watched the first couple of episodes, but I didn't get hooked
Probably just too used to this
Denmark: Siku (polar bear) or maybe Brutalis (rhino, died in 2000)
Bread, cake, beer, internet and heat
2019 VW Golf 1,5 TSI EVO ACT BlueMotion (130 HP), 6 speed manual, Price: $39,091 (€35,253)
Haha, yes I know that I'm not morbidly obese but I'm kinda lazy and sports have never been my forte
We have official flag days, where most people hang their flags
I've never seen the cyclists here indicate that they're slowing down, but then again there's often not any cyclists right behind you
Saying it is unrealistic is the same as disputing the laws of physics, it's just how things work
An example could be at the end of "The Danish Girl" they used a shot of a fjord in Norway for Vejle fjord
It's doable, but it's shitty and your prospects are basically live like that forever, get lucky and find something super cheap (unlikely unless you have a great network or was born under a lucky star) or take out a huge loan and buy a small apartment
80 = firs
I actually thought the European adder (hugorm in Danish) would be on the list as well, but the last time a healthy adult in Scandinavia died from a bite, was in 1994 in Sweden
...I should go to Romania for dinner
I blame the British people for taking all our ships and cutting all our trees down so we couldn't build new ones after The battle of Copenhagen
Flag
mOkAi
In this case, it was because I only saw it popping up after those Alabama memes became popular
And we're right in the middle
However, only the students on their last year are currently in school, so school's much more empty than usual
It was really fucking with my mind, what was real and what wasn't.
Just letting you know it's possible.
Half fourth times twenty (4-½ \* 20)
You know how you can just casually go to the mountains when you want
Now this is something I can get behind
amazing argument
Its a redudant law
Nothing is really shocking, because you meet people from different cultural areas every day
It sounds like it will be moved from the city to a museum where it will be put in a very different context than as a bust in honour of the man and his deeds
Yep
VIVE LA BIKE
In a safe and responsible manner ofcourse.
They could do a Crimea on you
In Denmark there the 5 administrative regions Northern Jutland, Central jutland, Southern Denmark, Zealand and the Capital Area
Well we had Asmaa in parliament for years that refused to shake hands with men.
and of course the government etc
Things like having "fucking rooms" in hippie community where children were allowed to watch their parents
Det må i gerne beholde oppe hos jer
If you could read Danish, then I'd recommend Jussi Adler-Olsen
It's for navigation
Excellent
Ordinary horizontal forrests are insanely cheaper and more practical.
Yes they are howering around the 5% mark, so not exactly a major player in polish politics.
Yeah, it's a bit unfortunate
So this picture is facing Europe
which I fear the new independence movie is going to be:
if the building isn't in great shape, with holes in the roof and crevaces under windows, then that'll take its toll on the insulation
Germany became a hole in the ground and recovered..
he works for the university of copenhagen
A spider is an edderkop (venom cup)
I don't remember New York having any pedestrian-only shopping streets at any rate
Plus a month of reading vacation where you’re supposed to study for exams but you just party
For 10 kr
It is *not* subtle
And that's [freaking] [amazing]
But they are in Eurovision which is what really counts
I'm a bit clueless where to begin as I don't know a thing about nutrition and only recently started to care about my health.
No-go zones are places where the fire department or the police are afraid to go in a single car, which there are plenty of in Sweden (some in Denmark as well)
> Speaking Danish
If they fail to pass anything they are kicked out on April 12th
Boarding students will cost 157000 Danish crowns (roughly 23850 dollars)
Jeg ved hvad jeg ved fra min folkeskole uddanelse.
I mean, I've always been taught and assumed it was a heroic thing to do.
EDIT:  And also a break in in our house once, an in our car another time
I doubt 30% of their population are immigrants so obviously somebody was lying
In most Nordic languages, this is actually pretty much what it says
Sheesh
They can basically fuck over the entire country if they wanted to - and most would support them
But this is just too unreal
Poland and Hungary are banana republics in the EU
Sure i do
Is it like fastelavn
Ahh, got you .
Again, it's also a part of the dannelse
Pretty much what my wife and I did a few years ago.
This disdain is unwarranted, not to mention intolerant
I don't know anything about the Finnish language though
I think Russia would have the shortest "route" to membership.
The name means “The Half-Dane” and first appears in the sagas describing the Viking raids in England
We will gladly restart the Kalmar Union, and resurrect its former glory
That's not how I interpret "not heard of", but as what has that country done recently and people would not know as they "haven't heard anything", it doesn't mean whether or not the country exists
You're culturally 100% European.
It means our citizens gets to decide what religion they want.
Europe: "LISSEN 'ERE YA LIL' SHIT
Based off of [SWERTY]
Yes, it's a beautiful flag but I just can't draw it myself
Jungledyret Hugo 2 - den store filmhelt (Hugo: The Movie Star - the American version is censored)
Can you get married also in the catholic churches
Den kørende skal om nødvendigt standse for at lade de gående passere
If Iranian Militias start doing terror in Europe as a response to the US they better stick to American Embassies and Bases or else I’d be pissed off at the European deaths that Trump would be responsible for
Also with the american dollar, each quarters have a state name on the back, so there is a fun challenge in having one with each of the 50 states.
This is what op referred to
40kph, or thereabouts
You had a wild century
Irland - Ireland
Especially Gaelic given its a Celtic language and there aren’t many Celtic languages alive to begin with
Similar in Danish: Østrig-Ungarn
Is it cheating if I say "Germany, but only the parts right next to Denmark"?
No hard feelings from this side - and unless we are playing against each other, all Danes always cheer for Iceland in international football or handball matches
The simply truth is that intolerance of intolerance is just plain intolerance, disguised with a veneer of rhetoric and purple prose
And still you didn’t prepare a better comeback
I think vocational training does offer some additional language training as well but I don't know much about that.
Except for the masks
The problem is not really that the electoral college gives more weight to smaller states.
It is not easy to change the constitution in Denmark, it needs to go through 4 steps:
what if we asked real nice tho
Because noone would notice and it would be really awkward
Haha, I love how not even the rich can escape [the curse of ugly Belgian houses
Smart, giving himself job security
...this is the first time I've seen an eagle with thumbs for claws.
I don't like that it's not whole numbers
'scuse me sir, you dropped your fedora.
i still have marks from my mums stilettos from years ago
Margrete Auken (Socialistisk Folkeparti) (YES/NO)
It appears that only those who actually want to have children are doing that, so perhaps humans will be even more mentally inclined to have children in the future?
Even in Denmark I can totally feel the (pretty mild) difference between winter and summer
000kr, meaning 2900 EUROs before tax
Don't forget the extended "Far, får får får?" "Får får får!"
Ups I did do that when I added the numbers, I just forgot to write it down.
Do you drop by for 5 minutes checking "Top" every morning to check the threads, or do you sort through "New" to help answer as many questions you can every evening, doesn't matter
It was meant in a rhetorical way..
Well, Denmark is a democracy, so everyone can charge anyone with whatever laws they seem fit.
I don’t speak Danglish, which is nice
If he/she refuses to sign it, there's a separate procedure to follow, but that's out of the scope of this thread)
Det Danske Spejderkorps are predominantly mixed, but there are a few girl scout (and boy scout) groups e.g. Broager Pigespejder in Southern Jutland
I say Denmark prepared for climate change and went full Atlantis
WAKE UP PEOPLE
I love the different dialects, but they’re not always the easiest to understand
Here in Denmark we put salad on it aswell
Brandon Beal is an American singer who's somewhat famous in Denmark.
I was told that getting medically exempt is only really viable if I have a diagnosed illness, but as no one has been able to figure out what’s wrong I’m stuck in a limbo
it varies wildly from person to person
We celebrate it too, in denmark :)
You would have to pay to be allowed to post it on Facebook, Facebook would have to pay for having the link there on your profile, etc
Billboards are not allowed most places and religious signs of any kind would be very weird any other place than at church
We're moving to Ireland
A topic that can really make the blood rush to the brain.
Lmao get Down from your High horse
Throughout the 60's and 70's, you could find any number of old stories of how Sweden was the quintessential **perfect** nation.
Exactly people born into a religion don't necessarily think much about it, and it has often as much to do about culture as faith.
for a year or more already, and then when they get the opportunity they'll likely want to move out if at all possible
I think Australians and Danes are similar in many areas
Nothing wrong with being compared to them
The vast majority of people’s meals will need to be cooked by themselves
Absolutely loved that tune to bits
\[Verse 1\]
The only holidays we have in Denmark are the holidays of the National Church
UK without EU trade block have a UK first politic.
Im not sure Tessa is supposed to be bad
It's a closed system of sorts
[Don't you be starting that shit again]
Haha, jamen det kan godt ske
[Crazy Chips]
One I know as well as been used by politicians, remediated into songs, used at funerals and different parts of it might ring recognisition with most Danes, would be Inger Christensen "Det" (It), which goes (freely translated) like this:
I feel like the headline should have been "Most Germans feel safe despite the media".
Well
- The amount of inhabitants who have received judgements against them for violating the law regarding violence, weapons, or drugs, is at least three times larger than the national average
How is free speech fucked up
Every time there's a "how do you say X in your language" I find a Norwegian/Swedish comment and don't bother with the "same" anymore
Maybe that people expect us to be perfect somehow
I dont think all this harrasment is good for Trumps mental health
Julius Schaub lifts up his reich arm, moves very close to Hilter and whispers ["Mein Führer, look at all thiz
There was a time, when lasagna, or screw that, anything with tomato was not really representative of Italian food, but try to open a restaurant, that only serves broccoli, and see how well it goes
From Zealand
* Natural gas: 21%
Amazing how old some of that symbolism is.
> there are whiskies produced on the Scottish islands which still use peat within the malting process,
But we're exposed to English all the time.
We get almost all of our entertainment from English speaking countries
It takes writing effort to make it nuanced, and it's difficult to gauge how much the audience need to be told who to sympathise with
Here, it’ll take around a week if it’s from Denmark, around a month or very often more if it’s from outside of Denmark
you lucky bastard
Almost certainly on TV2 news, not likely on DR I should think, maybe on TV2 in general, was watching local news that day because of the infrastructure changes so I'm not certain
We got our bootleg Hitler, Rasmus Paludan
It's a great movie
Since that is the Danish word for cheetahs
I’m so fucking done with this bullshit, downvote me all you want
The private system in Denmark, and I suspect also in Norway is mostly just carrying out different types of surgery for the public hospitals (using public money).
Denmark is smaller, but the older country - so geographically I'd say Norway is our daddy, while historically we are theirs
I have no idea if you are right or not but most people on the far right claim they are not the far right
The church has good morality if they deny marriage to people of same-sex
I'd probably visit place I've already been again and again though.
I don't think cash is accepted anymore, and I never carry cash anyway
Well it probably has something to do with your country only becoming one, less than 200 years ago.
People living in Roskilde or Køge and working in Copenhagen will count to the production in Copenhagen while adding to the denominator in Region Zealand
That being said, all of this boils down to semantics
We have something called Jyder
Slice of life, I'm currently traveling to Barcelona by train (29 hr journey), because planes (6 hr journey) are for CO2 emitters
Non-EU/EEA:
Azerbaijan just asked logically for the radar and flight recorder of the crashed plane but Armenia didn’t want to show it
A job that's different from most others, but..
edit: You don't consider Finland a part of northern Europe
Yes
That's a lot of real fake doors
Drunk and silent, also I miss my Nokia phone it had snake on it
Don't worry about it
Why are you like this, my dear polish person
If we accept that 'the latter is more constructive in terms of understanding politics', we effectively concede the playing field
Googled it, that entire party currently has a total of 59 people who has given their signature for them to run at our next election, which probably goes a long way to explain why I hadn't heard of them until now
We get on with it
I guess Greenland doesn't count considering it's not really considered a part of our country, but more so a part of our kingdom
Most people who live somewhat close to the German border regularly goes to Germany to shop because everything is cheaper there
(aircon is not common at all in private homes, for obvious reasons)
Well, I can quite easily imagine a scenario in which the Greenlandic government succeeds in running a populist campaign for independence, then promptly collapses the economy
I mean, it was at an airport
We have a horse, that our daughter likes to compete with, so we have a horse trailer that will fit practically everything we could ever need to haul - including junior's belongings when he moved out
Terrible
I think a lot of people could name at least the important ones (Texas, California, New York, Florida and following the 2020 election maybe Nevada and Georgia as well)
And I am not the only one who does not consider Turkey to be part of Europe; in all of history it hasn't been.
Well, sticking with the food theme, I think salatpizza, which is a pizza with döner kebab, iceberg, tomatoes, cucumber slices and creme fraiche dressing, is unique to Denmark, or at least  Scandinavia
You're arguing only partly within the fields I am arguing within, hence we're talking around each other
Again not that difficult, at least in theory.
Best regards from Jylland
"You just ordered thousand liter milk"
I always forget about them
I wonder if sønderjysk will last or be swept away
Keep in mind that between every city, you need to set aside time for travel (get to the station, wait for the train, travel with train.
You know, thats an american thing
As a Dane, I can assure you, we are proud to own the heart of Canadian culture that is Hans Island
For instance STEM Universities may be easier to get in to than antropology or midwife or psychology but it is based on popularity and not academic complexity
>Yeah, Bernie Sanders wants to get rid of private insurance companies as well
Linearbandkeramiks culture
His comment added nothing of discussion to the thread
Thanks
I am a Dane and I have lived and worked in a fair few countries
Important note: I live in NL and have a Dutch family
Must be nice to live in a country where thievery is considered work
I did try to see and explore the city to some degree though but I've been thinking about going back at some point to see the things I missed.
Sweden
But I'm not going to tell somebody that I have an event on ''2019 in April on the 20th'' when I can just say ''20th April''.
If its public land you paid for it as much as you paid for the road
Furthermore, Art Deco tends towards an idealized view of the human, which is the reason for the muscular build which is repeated in many art deco sculptures (such as the Yuri Gagarin statue in Moscow)
Jesus no
“Fart” in danish means speed, also we have a city called Middelfart
Any
The Little Mermaid in Copenhagen
They were apparently the only countries I knew back then
Glæder mig til update
"I mean it all used to be one country, so it can't be that bad"
Didn't go well
Maybe not for Denmark, but certainly could have been for Greece
At the same time
” (“That’s great
Frølunde Fed
On the flip side, the overall stereotype is that we are less progressive (which really depends on the city tbh), less educated, and more prone to violence
Despite our high taxes and being a relatively wealthy country, we still can't fund everything to the standard we would like.
Luckily, all minx are still safe
It also is mostly subjective
We usually joke, that small kids trying to write Danish as we pronounce words, will often spell as a Norwegian
The EU is already too political in my opinion, and should become a trade union
The reason: it's something that most people in the world believe in, so it's important for our "dannelse". (not sure what the english translation would be, "shaping us into productive members of society" i guess)
We have no 5G here and people are still dying of covid-19
It's interesting how some people can't distinguish propaganda from a magazine with a political bias.
I literally claimed that I oppose them
The Rock is a good example
Even though you didn't even have fax machines when he was in charge
In general a lot of the touristy places in Copenhagen (Amalienborg, Marmorkirken, Tivoli, Christiania) are all worth their salt, especially is the weather is nice
The Kievan Rus were the result of viking explorers (Varangians) from Sweden establishing chiefdoms along their trade-routs down the eastern Rivers, with Norse elites ruling over Slavic subjects
When the unions and employers grid locked in 1998 in Denmark the strikes and lockouts created a mass hysteria and of all things to stockpile the Danes went crazy for yeast hoarding.
It was never talked about a lot back then, the passengers (including kids) who lost their loved ones were told to just get over it
Last I heard, that group closed and the final none-religious Girl Scouts group was "dead". But like I said, I was a child, so there might be some nuances I misremember or misunderstood
I prefer American cigarettes and have been a loyal Camel smoker for years.
Czechia - Tjekkiet
I guess they were hoping things wouldnt get to this point
In fact, the rent issue is so bad I'm leaving the city soon to move to mainland Denmark, as even with all the good stuff and how much I love it here, it isn't worth it
Fuck I hated saying “three”
We missed out when the rest of you were part of the roman empires
We have "ø" which is the danish word for island
Competitive shooting club thingie) once to see if it was something I would find fun.
Maybe I've missed some vital information somewhere
The majority of Danish songs I listen to are guilty pleasures lol
Then around 14-16 you get more and more freedom in regards to going to parties and stuff where drinking happens, especially when you go to high school (~16-19) considering they will have events with alcohol involved in my experience
> But this doesn't mean they're not Europeans, right
Faroese both looks and sounds to me like a Danish person trying to write/speak Icelandic, which really hurts my head, since I still barely understand any more of it than Icelandic
Don't forget that every beach is a nude beach if you want to.
i've heard of it happening
You worship the idea of America, and everything you've been told in school that it stands for.
Vikings and not Columbus discovered 'Murica
That's also why we call Swedes and Norwegians brother people again because of common decent and how similar you are to us.
Having a full amusement park right smack in the centre of town is really quite strange
Mate, both these songs topped the charts in several non-German speaking countries in the 80s.
And this gambling is targeted at young people and children
>You're expressing your opinion from a Danish perspective, so it's understandable why you'd say so, but the generally accepted opinion is that of what I've mentioned above
Same here in Denmark
Yea that proofs nothing a language being easy or hard to learn for someone from the Anglo sphere , doesn't make it less or more retarded
Lene Nystrøm er sgu da pæredansk nu, lol
That's dangerous, and at that point it's not really a democracy any more.
Not sure what that's supposed to mean?
Jeppe Kofod (Socialdemokratiet) (NO/YES)
That's it in part, but I think a bigger factor is that the traditional, ethnically Russian part of Russia is actually quite small
So building on the edge is a VERY BAD IDEA
Hard to think of a more radically non-danish position
Languages are constantly evolving
Huh, Danish here
Literally run by children at this point
To me this is one of those events that you're supposed to know about because it was a huge event when it happened, but if you're born after it happened I can see why you might not have heard about it if you don't have an interest in newer European history yourself
You mean so the "good guys" half of the American population can kill the "bad guys" half?
The agreement [as you can see here if you scroll down a little] was not really fair as it gave Norway the ritchest oil fields while denmark got only a little bit
I have heard that apparently in Denmark, eggs for commercial use are washed in aa way that removes some sort of natural protection that normally is on the outside of the shells, which would make sense to me
I don’t think you can categorize ‘snaps’ and ‘aquavit’ as two different things
I don't know more than you but it's clear that this goes a long way back.
Yeah, I think it's a bit different too because the intent is to help not just chat
The Netherlands Surgeons’ Association
Danish is still very entrenched in Denmark, and is probably not going anywhere (at least not in my lifetime
March as in borderland (as you say), not marching.
Amazon Prime is [available in Denmark as of yesterday.]
When I was a kid I thought Ikea was Danish because their logo was red and white
Lol, good luck with that
We should recognise each other as peers (if we happen to be so), and recognise that we may not share interests with those of the other classes, even if we share 'nations'. As of right now, I feel I have more in common with another working class individual from Bologna or Bangkok, than with a director from Gentofte
I don't know exactly why, but the modern political process seems to just choke all the visionaries, and breed accountants instead.
It is centered around Brandenburger Tor.
You'd just make a new aristocracy.
When traveling abroad, our language gets mistaken for Germans but especially Dutch
They are a private company and don't have to answer to shareholders which is refreshing.
We do use farfar, farmor, mormor and morfar
You cannot force Hungary or Poland to do anything.
Should have listend to Milton Friedman :)
Møgel is a pretty archaic word in Danish, coming from the Old Norse word "miklæ", meaning big or large, as in Miklagarðr(the large town), the Old Norse name for Istanbul
In Denmark for example we learn it from first grade in school.
I was about to say Warsaw because of the kind of bland architecture there, But then I then it occurred to me that i distinctively remember Warsaw because of the Soviet vibe that I got when I was there, which was really interesting
Greetings from Denmark
What makes you think “why the fuck do we do that”?
Ved valg af flere ingredienser vil det opskårede pølsebrød blive åbnet, og ingredienserne lægges i åbningen, så de ikke glider af, når hele sortimentet bruges
i dont think i could name more than a few countries outside of Europe that i'd actually consider living in
I have never been there myself, but I while I can't say anything bad about Canada, I must admit I also struggle to remember anything else than maple syrup when thinking about canadian products
Public transport is great and getting around the city is easy - especially on a bike
Denmark: Somesomething pastries
Why is Russia left out
Blasphemy
i personally am not social with people here but i greet people when i pass by etc
Also, tufted ducks and king crabs are called "troldand" (troll duck) and "troldkrabbe" (troll crab) respectively, though I fail to see their resemblances with trolls
A toaster like [this] doesn't seem to be very popular outside Denmark
Vatican city and monaco are smaller
baltic, benelux and nordic powerbloc unions within the EU
Barcelona has some cool stuff though, I like it
Not really a good reason just nostalgia
Petersburg, but even for St
Bornholm: Sweden
English used to have a feature we still have in Danish and Swedish, which is the "negative" yes and no
I awkwardly mumble hi when I pass them outside my apartment, and then I quickly leave
Other than that the difference is minor
Remove kebab
Maybe not idolized though
I find that peoples view of janteloven depends a lot on the way it's framed when they get introduced to it
If it did previously mean a specific type of beer, then it generally doesn't anymore
And until it can that, the euro will continue to be very weak.
141
Many speak or understand Swedish and Norwegian quite well (or not at all according to complainers)
The US economy isn't collapsing.
Everyone have known this since the Euro got approved.
I'm so tired of hearing all the commentariat and pundits in my country say that we are uniquely guarded and have populism under wraps because the DPP have been a part of the political process for so long.
Flyvemaskine = Literally just ''flying machine'' AKA plane
Scandinavia use "son/søn/sen" which just means "son of"
We've designed a completely new banner for the community – Isn't that enough
India: $56,348,490 million (21,1%)
Lemme tell ya them guys ain't dumb
Let's play "Spot the Swede"! Woops, there's one
and we have some of the highest upward social mobility in the world
The reason we have protectionism is because people are working for their self interest.
Lets hope thats an O and not an A.
Especially considering they all had a house, a job and food, while a lot here can't say the same now.
i watched the moomin cartoon as well when i was little.
Not really since most, if not all, of the royal families are just symbolic, so it would have to be approved in both of the countries political establishment for anything to happen
Here you might pay 8500-9500 kr for 50m2 next to the minimum 10
If "rude" simply means a more reserved or "Let's not bother other people for no reason" mentality like in Germany, Denmark etc
I think that’s definitely a reason as to why we’re often ranked such good English speakers
Watch Spooks
Something always bothered me about that design
One of my friends posted this quiz on Facebook
Well and Halland and Blekinge to a less significant degree.
I've never seen a house with them
It's because we're taught, at least in Denmark, to walk on the left, so that oncoming traffic easier can see us, and have space to avoid us
[“It was fascinating to me that they could pour half-liters that fast,” he says
Please take it back
It was first when I got in the Danish equilavent of High School that they started teaching Excel
The point is that while you could probably lump Danes and Norwegians together without problems (although saying that, read up on Dano-Norwegian history), but the same doesn't go for Danes and Serbians
70 is halvfjerds or halvfjerdsindstyve, meaning "half-four-times-twenty"
I was still annoyed at the previous price increase when they raised it the most recently
We can technically use "love" as a verb (We love, we have loved etc
A large part of it comes down to social stigma, whereas in the US iMessage is big, and anyone without a green bubble is considered inferior, in Europe, we mainly use Whatsapp and Facebook Messenger
They’ll talk about your troubles and recommend help but mostly just give you good beer
That was back when the Ottoman Empire was a significant power that Europe had to consider in international politics.
I identify completely as Danish - I've never lived in the US, I don't feel at home in their culture, and though I speak English completely fluently, my accent isn't even particularly American-sounding
People care more about what you studied
Smart
Are the construction universally poor, or will some of the buildings be renovated/preserved?
Well at least you didn't paint Sweden on Denmark
Internationalism: Unity across national boundaries and active opposition to any form of nationalism
Stayed for a night when I was walking the Camino
A country should be able to be called what it desires, even if that is Fuck You, That's their sovereign right
then it's war
Legal and almost universally supported.
Come on dude flair up so we don't have to guess
No there is a party whose name translated to radical right(sorry wrote it wrong) and they’re not really radical and they’re really not very right-minded
"There were 3.76 million Palestinians in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, up from 2.89 million 10 years earlier.
The change has been attributed to, among other things, social media and the need to keeping up appearances
There really isn't much in his book.
When the other Scandinavian (and Nordic) countries went for state control of the alcohol market, Denmark decided to massively increase the tax on liquor instead
You could go on Ukraines subforum if you want to ask Ukrainians stuff.
Seems spookily relevant now
That looks stunning
A trade war is not beneficial to anyone...
&#x200B;
Can't recall the last time I paid with cash
My friend has PTSD and anxiety among a handful of other disorders but can't get a therapist
or a 3,5-year engineering degree that has half a year of internships, so you get work experience.
All that, if true, is reprehensible no matter what
We do
Well if you apply the logic properly
Chinese machinery competes very successfully recently
That's it, they don't have to be nice, smile, make you feel at home / comfortable, they are food and beverages transporters.
Thought you guys were sexual alcoholic demons like us
And she is rather slim compared to most americans for instance
We do spend 0.8% on Foreign aid which whilst equal to Scandinavians far outpaces most of the world, but again I feel as if thats putting the money where our mouth is as our main arguement for cutting migrant welfare is that we want to help them where they are.
I think it’s a huge problem we generally don’t trust our politicians, as it leads to more incompetent people in politics through extremist parties
Poor people who grew up in a home that barely made ends meet are less likely to take on crazy amount of debt just to go to school
Trade-schools have it hard as well, as they also lack proper funding, and because of the insecurities tied to many of the trades, have a hard time attracting students
Yeah, not so much
And if a compromise isn't possible, I dont believe we should attempt to force one
Øresund Bridge, but we like to say it's to Scania and not Sweden
Should the "c"s not be prounounced with a "k" sound?
r/firstworldanarchists
Being born in France doesn't necessarily make you French.
When did he call Denmark Nazis?
Among intellectuals and musiclovers, a lot of people has sort of a part sentimental part ironic part of their "collection" devoted to country.
Also be prepared to let the r be a growl and to stick your tongue out for the d in brød. Brød is horrible word for foreigners
The loudspeaker, insulin, magnetic storage (later used for tape recorders, hard drives etc), ostomy bag, first commercially sold typewriter, C++, pH scale.
I think you're having us confused with the US
It's the other way around
Seek cover (get inside a building), close doors and windows, and get more information from local radio/TV/Internet
I kinda hope supreme court raise the punishment.
[Melboller] (flour buns)
We're apparently the only ones having to follow them.
You are talking about a "mentality" and a "stance" without ever mentioning what those are or involve
Snus is what teenagers take now
> Also, idk if a fact, but imo the soil down south is richer in minerals and makes for tastier fruits and vegies
> Yeah, that surprised me as well
I want to avoid airports as much as possible.
>I've literally never seen a fish'n'chip shop in Denmark
Swedes tend to assume that we understand them more than they do us, which simply is not true
If Denmark, Norway, Finland or Iceland actually wanted those kinds of politics they would have them already.
Even had he won, the pattern of England's Danish rulers indicates that the country would probably have been back to Saxon rule within a few decades
Angela Dorothea Merkel fought alongside Elrond, son of Eärendil and Elwing, in the first age
Entirely irrelevant and pretty late, but in Denmark we do have a similar number, and we use 117, but it's when something is repeated for the "umpteenth" time :)
We had people from the US
" *This is however not based on specific areas, but depends on the kind of incident
I've lived here for 7 years studying, and there's no denying Copenhagen is beautiful and I've honestly enjoyed living here a lot
The Netherlands Society of Youth Healthcare Physicians,
Which idiot designed this
An entirely valid form of protest.
Us Danes love our alcohol, it's rare to see a Dane who don't drink alcohol
De asemenea care județ ești de unde
> But will y'all have a "Space Force" though
500km from a nearby civilization in a big plantation with butlers and service, living the life.
We have *kejserrige* in Danish or *imperie*, but *rige* is a general and broad definition same as realm in English and reich in German
Danish, Norwegian and Swedish are at least as similar to each other as many German dialects, yet are considered different languages
The name is originally from the Donald Duck cartoons, but has spread to be used in general for places far far away
If the UK were to leave the EU, then the EU would lose access to a market of 60 million people.
I think an over the top background would hurt polling
You can’t throw out a fast remark
I miss snow
It’s not that inhabitants of cities like this doesn’t know the beauty of the city
Copenhagen is sitting on the edge of our country, so people in Jutland often feels distant to the government
You thought I was talking about if climate change was real?
And I have learned that Germans panic when they rent a summer cottage here, and [this] is the only kind of can opener to be found in the drawers
All of these, I think, contribute to a higher tendency of mental breakdowns, resulting in these episodes
2: People who speak English very well, with excellent vocabulary, but retain their Danish accents on purpose
> Finns used to ride logs on rivers and pre-christianity believed vaginas had magical powers
**Spain**
Being a social conservative means being ok with lying, apparently
:-)
I agree
Correlation does not imply causation.
"Neder" or "Nedern" is used to say that something sucks/is shitty.
And the other are kinda far away
Randers is a city with over 96500 people, obliviously not all of them are going to be uneducated, violent criminals and all wear adidas and listen to techno - and it's unreasonable to assume so
Denmark similarly fucking hates it when we’re described as socialist
I buy every tool from Fiskar, if available
She may have been born here, but to a random Dane she'd seem like the most Britishy Brit that ever britted.
Middle names are pretty common
Wait ... Binface
We are not talking about North Korea here.
That's a strange way to spell UNQUESTIONABLY AND UNDENIABLY IMPROVE BY SEVERAL ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE but whatever, it's cool, I understood what you meant
British Medical Association
But 1) you do not specify what religion here and 2) Number of Church taxpayer is not the same as implying those are religious.
These people are nobodies, they are nothing.
With the re-elections its more likely he's a 6/3/3 using all the points to stab up, suppress revolts and reduce national exhaustion.
My knowledge of average wages in Slovenia is very limited sorry..
To me, Cyprus and Croatia are pretty cool
Though with the upcoming election I'll have to refamiliarize myself with their current political stance
This news paper is actually slightly right wing biased
Working at the office is not fun right now
So war was declared and it immediately looked bad
If you by some chance get a dinner invitation, expect to be on time, maybe even 5 min in advance.
When I see someone online be like "Oh I'm actually Danish", I like to respond with something in Danish and wait for their confused reply as to which language I just wrote in
Drives an old BMW he has lowered himself when he mounted the extra wide rims, the boot/trunk is filled out with a giant subwoofer.
But yes, Berlin is great, so yeah, go for it!
So this is like "o shit waddup" in Polish?
You probably won’t even be able to tell the difference, with the normal stench coming from Malmø.
The President of the Saskatchewan Medical Association has said the same (link above)
[A video about the strategic aspects of the war]
Yes, you can't have unity or cooperation between nations without the actual nations
Then they changed it in 2015 and he was so gutted
The latter seems to be a general tendency in friend groups (and to a somewhat slighter degree in families) - either everyone smokes or no-one smokes
I love how kæreste is just so simple
When the Øresund freezes we are gonna come
kanelbulle
Just like sex education in schools prevents teen pregnancy
Initially, both posses their own territories bordering each other, and are engaged in peaceful trade
We have very good bike lanes everywhere
At least you two change climate somewhat, we just go from the northern/central European mud pit to the western European mudpit
It's like many of these big companies will go to any length to not have to pay taxes and to ignore regulations
I am danish but speak danish as a second language (Due to some bad advice from a doctor, I never was taught to speak danish growing up)
It's just something I heard in a radio programme a couple of years ago about differences in the Scandinavian languages, you can hear it here:
In Denmark you can buy all liquor from regular grocery stores, weaker alcohol (less than 16,5% I think) at 16 and all at 18, and most stores don’t really bother to check ID
Nevertheless, the tap water here is not chemically treated, only filtered (often with sand filters) and oxidized before reaching the consumer
TIL that Berlin is called Berlino in Italian, which I somehow find hilarious
> while mineral fuel exports are the fastest growing export in Denmark
Southern Jutland: Inbred/the Alabama of Denmark
Just like how their football (soccer) players are just regular blokes with no actual careers in the sport
I wish, that could help with our subpar math education
All holidays are public flag-days and the public masts are covered in flags
And then he said “Danish sounds like someone is speaking with a potato in their mouth”.
En/et gummi (a rubber)
Yeah it’s difficult to type ofc, but you kinda hit a high tone at the end of a sentence
And its damn good
* Dutch: 10 % (I can recognize several words that are similar to other Germanic languages, but I don't really get any meaning out of reading the article)
Mobile thieves, beggars and gypsies
It just depends on location, I think
Estonia should into nordic
I would hate it
It lowers people's IQs and damage their memory
Norwegian: most of it
It's also a massive hassle for British expats living in the EU, Which have to go through citizenship tests, now
I'd say that despite not being "in the middle" of anything, most people would consider western Jutland, perhaps more specifically northern western Jutland, to be in "the middle of nowhere". There are no major towns or cities around, and not really any major cultural, historical, or economical sites either
Clearly you all just don't understand that the glorious Nordic strength is estimated exponentially.
We can just wait for a minecraft player construct the universe
Volapyk*
*You had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides
I was thinking that you might be thinking of Palace Square for some reason
My bad, thank you though
Swedish has a word for it so not really
That is still neglecting about 1100/1000 years of history
But it would be pretty easy for the paediatrician to look in the child's medical records and see if it was done for medical reasons.
Why would he believe that Germany would value his sexism
Please tell me
Now don’t go buying prostitutes again
And if we don't count bridges as common borders, also Sweden and Norway
> more rural areas, like Kreuzberg or Friedrichshain
Also, the weather is shit
10 Yes
Det var så lidt, som dansker undre man sig altid lidt når man hører om folk der forsøger at lære vores sprog der ikke bor i landet.
This was posted in /r/denmark a few days ago.
Exactly
I can either go 25 minutes by bike (preferable when the weather is nice), or 2 minutes walk to a bus stop, which will get me to the nearest metro station (which is 5 minutes away in bus), and then take the metreo for 8-ish minutes to a stop thats 5 minutes away on foot from my job
It occurs to me that I have mostly avoided drinking milk altogether while in the south, which, in hindsight, was perhaps rather fortunate
Norway will always be our little brother, imo
* Have sex with a boyfriend/girlfriend with the hat on - a heart in the sweatband
* Greece: Birthplace of democracy and philosophy, I wanna thank them for their contribution to history and culture
(as far as i remember)
It's illegal here, and i'm against it, but some children really need to get it with a leather belt.
Keep up hope
Moscow = Moskva
Danish and english are quite similar
Congrats
> Drinking wine in anything that isn't a wine glass
I should next time
But because one's a noun and one's a verb, you can always tell which one is being used due to the sentence structure
> Det fortælles, at Fanøs repræsentant, Sonnich Jensen Møller, bestak en tjener til at dreje viserne på uret i rådstuen en time frem
However, if you look at a city like Århus, or maybe Randers (30 minutes from Århus by train, so around the same as Hviodre/Copenhagen only Randers is much bigger than Hvidovre), the average rent for 50m2 is 2500kr (Randers city center) or 5000-6000kr (Århus city center)
Parallel to this, there was a strong schlager tradition from the 70s up until today which in Danish is called Dansktop music
yes they do but there isnt many of them and the police and fire department will respond they just dont patrol there regularly
At 50
American reporter (Tim Pool) got police escort out of Rinkeby.
Only sick or health sector workers use them
Western main media rarely writes anything that can be seen as pro-russian.
I mean there's the fact that Berlin isn't inhabited by Germans in large part
Conspiracy time: Europeans are secretly boosting global warming to save money by not needing to travel south
They used that same opportunity to change the rules for inheriting the throne so a woman could become regent, thus making our Queen heir to the throne rather than just another princess, and the royal family also gave up the rest of their constitutional power
My favourite was always "i accidentally swallowed a bird - i was yawning and it flew straight in". But there were so many others, some of them not entirely politically correct
I'm pretty sure it's the other way round.
But it is very easy to get in if you are a minor if you look a little older.
He or she hasn't had the opportunity to earn anything yet.
That's disappointing
He was half Danish and half Italian (from Taranto)
That had me laughing for a full week
Schadenfreude is Skadefryd in danish.
Det rager mig en høstblomst
The Scandinavian are super short (Danish is the shortest) while ones like German and English are really long articles
I love ice
We don't dub movies, we have subtitles like you.
Or maybe Bornholm, because it feels completely separates from the rest of us
But in English it would then be alright to say - this happened in a day - and people will not mistake it for during the day
what a relief
Priest, scholers, language, architecture, science ..
This means that if workers are paid an amount equivalent to their average product, there would be no revenue left and thus the workers cannot enjoy the fruits of their own labours meaning the difference between what is made and what that amount can purchase cannot be justified by redistribution according to their needs
Where are the rainy danish summers I love
[Cyclone Anatol] was one of the worst recent natural disasters iirc
I guess the Irish will know what I am talking about
Here's 10 euros
Claims they switched by 2014 after EU had led since 2004 and China is larger when measured in PPP.
For most countries, the seat reservations on high-speed trains are somewhere between 10 and 30 €. However, all high-speed ICE trains in Germany do not require seat reservations (unless they are cross-border services to France) and all Railjet services in Austria and the surrounding countries also do not require reservations (unless they cross the border to Hungary)
18-19
Also on the longer bus routes, very common
Have you completed in eurovision yes?
Hearing people talk/reading what people write was also a great way to learn the language’s construction better
Stakkels dig
The actual debate should be on what the best alternatives to fossil fuels are, a catagory where there's significantly more options than just nuclear as Reddit would like us to believe
Are you telling me Europe is boring?
Det er enormt underholdende at læse de andres kommentarer i tråden, og fedt at få en indsigt i hvordan andre mennesker naturligt strukturerer deres sætninger
They're part of the Kingdom of Denmark in the same way as Gibraltar is part of the United Kingdom.
These 2 parties (Venstre and Conservatives) are now allies, and traditionally the government-forming parties on the right wing
Youre absolutly right
.... parental preference alone is not sufficient  justification for    performing a surgical procedure on a child
Sorry if it doesn't fit your worldview.
The country seems to not give a shit about a vast proportion of its own population, from rural areas which have been impoverished for decades, to nothing being done to curtail skyrocketing property prices and landlords apparently being given infinite power to treat their tenants like shit, university tuition fees going up and so on.
Iceland is sorta the little brother that drifted away but when you finally meet it’s like you’re best friends
EDIT: Spelling
Denmark same temperature same amount of rain same ocean view and same size
In a sense
There are too many unanswered questions about what independence would look like, and last time the SNP couldn't answer them
I once set off an explosives detector when I flew into Heathrow airport because I had been on a military explosives course shortly before I had to go to London for work
000kr each month - that's higher than the national average and a decent wage to start with as someone with a master's. You would have 19500kr post-tax in most cases then
Chaos orc, perhaps
[This is in Danish] But it is true.
jeg er 50% sikker på det aldrig har fandtes i forvejen og det bare er en lang praktisk joke
As far as I know, there has only been three people that have been fired because of their misconduct
That's not calling all muslims dangerous.
In general, old buildings actually have better insulation than newer ones, due to the thicker walls and smaller windows
although it's the wrong image in Denmark (we are partial to the Kaj the Frog-Fi)
Corportate taxation was lower in Denmark than in Sweden at the time
Hey, you are supposed to be our biking-buddies!
I like going there for a walk, at least
Pretty much my preference too, I don't like how much of this have turned into forced participation of GTFO!
I don't think Stalin deserves that much credit for it
not exactly sure what a deflation buffer means but germany pushing for higher rates and lower inflation, so the euro appreciates in value, seems like the opposite of the accusation.
Misundelse is probably sometimes used about romantic feelings too, idk
The 5A is even called "dødens rute" e.g. "The route of death/death's route" - it even says so on the bus line's wikipedia page, haha
Seems strange, because they all seem to be decent people
God damn Scandinavian commie bastards
What's the thing top left on the mountain sticking up into the sky?
We call them all by their first name
So it depends, how specific you need to be
In Denmark we have "free" healthcare and it works pretty well but it comes with a price, we pay more in tax, but in the long run its worth it
We'd run into them when we were out drinking now and then.
Even simple signs and stuff can be understood if you've got a bit of "talent" when it comes to foreign languages
I think most small countries have one additional language at a semi-conversational level.
You practically saved them from themselves, didn't you?
And we're still predominantly male, *though noticeably less so
If men and women is valued the same why is there more men in the highest paying positions?
Some countries do have many little parties which leads to its own problems.
I like to fancy them up with vanilla pudding, marzipan remonce and a tiny bit of chocolate
Greco-Persian wars - Anatolia gets rolled over
You just have to be aware of the way people act when you do - if they are clearly not in the mood / don't have time, then drop it (they won't tell you this unless you really crossed the line and missed all their cues, BTW, you have to look at body language or how they answer you), otherwise, you are good
Thats the thing though hormonal suppressant doesn't change the sex, it just pauses the process, so if the a 14 year old boy, realize he is a girl you suppress the hormones, and pause puberty for a while, if he then realize that he was wrong when he is 19, you give him the correct hormones and kick-start the process again.
Hjalmar and Ragner are rare but not odd, and Torkild or Torbjørn sound Norwegian more than anything
It is relevant in the sense that a bunch of things happened because of Holocaust that have affected modern society very heavily, but it's not relevant as a legitimate danger to Jews today.
Guess we have even more in common than I first thought lol
In that case, you could ban nearly anything
Good luck this summer, then
me too fam
>de ce românii sunt obsedați de opiniile altora despre noi
But there's a lot of clever details and a good sense of humour, so that idea seems quite impossible
But by today's standards, he certainly was a pedophile.
Most people here are from the USA and for whatever reason liberal generally seems to be used for "left wing" there.
And the language, too
Fellow Europeans, What are your thoughts on the [Pulse of Europe] movement?
we might be back here in 4 years with President Hulk Hogan or something
Most Europeans and they technically correct would point out that Israel isn't in Europe but in the middle east.
Maybe it would be interesting to see a game set during The Great Northern War which was basically Sweden vs
Sometimes I really wish my first language was French or Spanish, having a lot of people learning it and thinking it’s beautiful
I feel like you're wrong and I am downvoting you.
As long as you are below the alcohol limit and you are still able to drive safely
I shower every morning
Well, we have a third of the Dutch population while having a larger country so
We don’t. We have a health insurance card which is sometimes acceptable, but it has no photo
26 billion kroner is not pocket change in Denmark
Danmark, the Danish name
It's always a good move to invent your own game when you are failling at everything else
Sure, it's probably only an issue for us when we learn the numbers (little Annika probably gets that 50 is femtio a bit quicker than little Freja gets that 50 is halvtreds) and when we communicate with Scandinavians in Danish
99% of all Danes cannot name a single judge because they're rarely discussed
I mostly have seen it for British, American and Belgian hop-forward beers and sour beers like vlaamse rood and some lambics
So basically some woman gets on a few stops after I got on and she said hi to everyone sitting in the vicinity and tried to converse with another passenger
Why not just dry them off by hand and then you'll have a whole other cabinet to put stuff into
I looked up the density of snow
Problem is in Denmark as other countries mentioned in the thread already, English is so widely spoken so foreigners won't really get to practice Danish much.
Remove kebab
Started talking to my dad about someone who’s baby cried
Greenland was a colony at one point
Do we make the hummus wrong, because our hummus is way too thin to be eaten with bare hands
I suppose, but even then, England had a history with Wales before the latter was conquered
But all got sent home cause they couldn't behave themselves, kept annoying England
Well that's a given when you can either vote Erdogan or serve jailtime
But damn I hate it
[Egern]
Everyone gets corona
(Benny Engelbrecht)
At least now we know the USSR were also bad guys
I have no idea what the specific rules are, but having a X language proficiency to get accepted *is* okay, you just can't discriminate based on country.
Torino
That expression is so fucking overused these days.
I think it is also about seeing the country as it is
While you're at it you can think of a name for your new country that doesn't sound like it's in plural.
What is the employment rate among second generation fugitives in Germany?
In Denmark there's been a big antivaxx movement
Don't really know anywhere you can change before 18, the hormone blockers just slow down the physical process changing your body that can't be reverted at a later point.
I thought the Swedish national pizza was the one with Bearnaise sauce on top
(And can we just use this opportunity to once again make clear that the Danish name for Copenhagen is not *Kopenhaaaagen
They aren't as biased as they were a few decades back, and they have certainly gotten better recently, but they do tend to have a left wing bias.
Some of the Norwegian dialects are pretty out there though.
And these tend to stay in the law books in Denmark
Slavs are eternal untermenchs etc..
To be fair, I dated an English guy for a couple of years and had very close friends in college that were international, so I've used English a lot
) and, as a result, similar floras
Drink yourself into armageddon, wake up two days later, regret everything and never drink again
Constantly arguing over the best ways to improve society, even if we disagree on the how to do that
Thorvald Stauning
It's a corn-blue colour
There are a lot of young Muslims with potential that is ruined by both economic disparity, as well as the pressure and control of their own communities
You are making sorry excuses for poor political leadership.
Det går nok
You ain't getting anything from us
That or appelsin (oranges)
In that case it should be for two years - one to train and one to "be ready".
What we have together is so frail
The bugs and snails needs to die.
He wrote the series Benny & Brian about two teenagers hanging out at a Chinese takeaway and Freddie and The Monsters about a boy, obsessed with [Slime Magazine] who goes on adventures with characters from the American Golden Age of movie monsters.
There aren't two camps on that subject
I've enjoyed streaming the past three sessions, but it's far from relaxing.
Denmark has changed so much since then
You can't just pick up a gun, train in a shooting range, and then magically be good at it.
Right now, the EU isn't really keen on letting *anyone* join.
it's like 30 minutes
The train is nice and was a good start, but it takes 39 minutes from the Central Station to Malmø C according to the Journey planner
Gang problems
Or Paris, Denmark
And let me state it clear: I DO NOT SUPPORT AN OPEN DOOR POLICY AND THERE ARE HUGE PROBLEMS WITH MUSLIM COMMUNITIES IN EUROPE
So true
he left afterwards, because they ignored him
It's kind of the same thing
the problem is they (claim that they) do intend to follow through with it, consequences be damned.
Is it free to use the roads
So they looked back to when we were strong, and found the time where people did a viking
nothing
But the biggest hurdle would still be to agree on a common tax policy to enforce in the first place.
10-17 = acceptable
Denmark's prime minister just [postponed a state visit by the Turkish pm] in response to the situation.
A pit stop in Riva del Garda is a great idea, it's so beautiful at Piazza Catena
When AK Parti came in charge in 2002, the secular Turks warned about the islamic elements of the party to USA and EU.
During the day, it's just not practical (I work from home a lot)
Everybody always says Danish is the most beautiful language they've ever heard
In fact, even the cities around Copenhagen are equally expensive to the city
Amager
That water has flavor, and in an odd way
I don't think there are, unless you count Greenland as being part of Denmark
But I don't think they have a monopoly on her literary work
Good luck here :)
Right back at ya svenskdjævel
\- Mindblowing nature (Denmark is so flat)
When these cannons were put up ships had to pay a toll to the Danish state to pass through the Øresund
Oh, but there are certainly Danes who use helmets as well.
Lithuania is slowly gaining ground as far as I've heard, investing in IT sector growth and whatnot
Where NSDAP at tho
^(take that Sweden
Yeah, I used to switch all the time when I lived in Copenhagen
The time it took the bus to wait for the green light was the time it took for my hands to hurt like a motherfucker
We look weird without it
That's all based on estimates and averages
/r/BuildItForLife
English any day
You lost your country after the war.
My dad had the stereotypes about him as well in the 70s and 80s, and when my mum moved here in the 90s she knew about them as well  like the Randers meme thing was just the new evolution of it
>As long as you are below the alcohol limit
The poem is about the [Golden Horns of Gallehus] written shortly after the horns were stolen from the National Museum, and sadly melted down
That doesn't mean people can't be critical and discuss the Armenian genocide or other injustices committed by Turks, and I'm not saying Turks are the bad guys every country has fucked up.
Took me a while to understand that is enough to just say that here
I'm going
"Brev til månen" (Letter to the moon) by Ib Michael was the book that I had the most trouble getting through
Sandwich is just the English term.
Jeg vil satanedme udrydde dig på en måde, som aldrig før er blevet set på denne jord, mærk mine fucking ord
I know, socialism totally works, the others just did it wrong, this time we will get it right
well both hands are on utensils, regardless of which I use
We're just clillin' up here on top of Germany
Since I am only half danish, and have not been exposed to Scandinavian languages as much as most, I have trouble with understanding Norwegian and Swedish, so that is probably why
That would be like using radical islam to dismiss islam.
Well, luckily, this question literally asked us to rename a country.
Not because we stole everything from brown people.
No question
In another timeline, one with a single country called Scandinavia, they would all be considered dialects of Scandinavian
> Ok so turns out that after talking to a Danish and German friend, fish and chip shops are not found outside of the UK
If you stop a mugger from stealing an old ladies purse, only to continue the mugging yourself, you don't get any credit at all
That's an extra bonus
Thanks
Went to work/school and then had a lot to do in my free time
Well, yes
Can we have a picture of that
I really like your point of view, i respect all the other answers but yours really made me think
The one that came to mind for me was [Ben by Tessa]
Furthermore we currently have a debate about it because one of the Greenland politicians made a big stink about it.
Americans will come out of the woodworks to voice various opinions here, including the defense of circumcision and being very critical of the EU-Iran dealings.
I was a bit unsure about the middleeast however, are those countries not as unsafe as russia would be with low profile insurgency?
I come from Fanø and i thought it was probably similar to your situation
I think it's that even little things feel so familiar that makes it stand out
BIER
When Scotland offers students from Denmark (or whatever similar country out there
Vendelbomål and sønderjysk is very different from "rigsdansk".
De gør Kongen de jure
So he's a politician
I got drunk with my professors several times.
Or the dude from Troy
i certainly would
What about the privatized state railways (in certain countries) that ended up destroying a bunch of railroads and massively increasing ticket price post-privatization?
how does that solve the problem?
which part or joke dont u understand
You don't need to explain your position
In Greater Copenhagen though, it's like a race track since I do not encouter many fellow bicyclist there.
It's so absurd to me
When you live in another EU country you are to be treated as any other citizen with all which that entails
At least in football I know this is the case.
Beyond that, it is simplistic
Doesn't look like anything to me
I generally cheer for the smaller nations, and if one of them happens to be one of our brothers Norway, Finland or Iceland that's just even better
Kørende, som nærmer sig et fodgængerfelt, der ikke er reguleret, skal afpasse hastigheden således, at der ikke opstår fare eller ulempe for gående, som befinder sig i feltet eller er på vej ud i dette
And it was followed by the coldest winter i've ever experienced
How goes it
Nothing's wrong with Hvidovre at all :) I lived there when I first moved to Sjælland and have a boyfriend there now
He works in marketing
How does it work with a Spanish citizen wishing an additional citizenship
About the HRE part i never heard about that in my school, i first learnt about it on yt
The term is not geographical as much as historical
Like a tax or fee for each time an HC Andersen story was sold
Wear a rubber yadda yadda
Sure, for sorting
It's not exactly one of the "unknown" places in Europe.
I remember once someone told me it's proven that Danes really love minimalism and moderation, by the fact that we all only eat our favourite dessert during a specific time of year
Christel Schaldemose (Socialdemokratiet) (NO/YES)
Absolutely beautiful medieval town in the centre
:D" in a genuinely nice way
Well they already sorta do, [this] is a year old, but as you can how many refugess see the neighboring countries have taken in since the Syrian conflict started, several times as many as European countries.
Cause, why the fuck not
Reunification will be an ongoing process!
Don’t forget about the vowels changing sound in different words
If I didn't speak English I could probably understand some of it, but I think it would be like German or Dutch to me
you will then become part of our new glorious north sea empire as well
We have three extra letters in our alphabet
Entirely different situations
Rome
Yeah I can’t see our top English search being “how to meet Tom Cruise”
It was an increased use of psychotherapy combined with an open awareness of suicide in schools and media that improved the statistics.
Norwegian is much easier than Swedish for me.
Ingredienserne kan være:
We just looked at the map - and thinking like people in this thread that all cities in Italy were at least partly beautiful
Maybe the view was already significantly worsened after the whole weird thing with the rapper incident and trump getting involved with the swedish justice system
Well he was usually referred to as the last dictator of Europe before all this, so is he actually making progress in his PR
Are you saying Danish has more *plattdüütsche* loanwords than Swedish and Norwegian
>I mean, no offence but you're not an EU official,
>the Stockholm bloodbath
But anyway, if I can get anything with a swimming pool for that price, I'm definitely retiring in Hungary :D See you then, buddy.
It's the way we behave in a public space combined with our "bland" style of clothing and similar haircuts
This is having catastrophic consequences as these areas lack qualified labour and the current experienced employees won't move to the middle of nowhere
Rip
A true national ID can be used to board planes and other places instead of a passport in Shengen
The soldier in the pic is like "DAMMMNNN DAT ASS' THICCCC BOI"
manifestly exceed what is reasonable with regard to the danger inherent in the
It was quite an experience
That really changed alot about the identity
It's the customs, norms, traditions and values that have been handed down to me from my family and my kinsfolk
Skovperkere
" It's fucking childish
Now that I think about your theory might be the most logical really
As crazy as it might sound, sometimes people *talk to people from other countries*.
Thank you USA
So overall, sure, I think it would be ok.
If it's not a baby of someone you know, you generally stay clear of it.
It should be noted that the 40 sq.
I've recently became very aware of this as i have to homeschool my 6 year old son
Not really, but a trebuchet is mandatory equipment when appraising a house
But I see a lot of people outside Denmark think it is like breakfast or something like that
Yea, schools tend to have a flag pole or five outside dotted around, depending on their size
I identify the most with class
welfare migration is not treated as a human right either.
It doesn't smell like something you should eat
&#x200B;
ITT: People who aren't French and generally have a severely lacking understanding of a complex issue, overly simplify the issue and completely make up their mind based on that lacking understanding
Thanks
>I am [...] delighted that you have made the acquaintance of Switzerland, and of the very part that I once knew best and which had the deepest effect on me
As a dane with Irish ancestry I'm absolutely fine with this
They economy is big enough to not be in EU, and they have London which is a economy power house in itself, they will do fine
It's super simple and super secure
>If it's someone you already know it depends on how well you know them, whether or not you shake hands or exchange a hug
Let's start by sacrificing the politicians
but we never heard about WW1, what caused WW1, and how it relates to WW2
I'm personally not bothered by this particular flight exhibition, but if there was a vote to do it or not, I would probably vote don't.
I came to write exactly this
Business seems to be going fine
You managed to hand Trump the victory, and you now have one single party in control of *all* branches of government + the supreme court, and they are going all in on white supremacy and outright fascism.
And yes
I hate snow and always drive a couple of hours to see family at Christmas, so I've been pretty happy with the mild winters we've had recently
This election will harm all of us, regrettably.
They pretty much treated me like shit, and felt as if i were a peasant
No anti-German sentiment in Denmark
Where isn't it available
You may also have fewer deaths from traffic related accidents, work related accidents etc
What about Link tax
* Have sex with someone of your own sex - remove the cross entirely
Adam's Apples for Denmark
Compromise often is a result of multi-party systems, but it isn't, and shouldn't be, the rule
It was presented as "this will help the Greeks", where more neutral observers like IMF and the Obama administration could clearly see that it would not.
But we usually celebrate it on Sunday and call it Fastelavnsboller
* Netherlands: Their liberal-progressive policies, it seems like it is in their DNA to be liberal-progressive, which I really admire
I was first thinking Finland
Edit:
So if you exclude Europe from the list then you'd approach something sensible.
Not an official measurement, but realtors often use "stenkast" (a stone throw) when they want to imply that a house is close to something positive like the beach or something like that
No, it’s actually incredibly biased towards the US and the UK as most people can understand English, therefore they will be cited most.
And I dont believe the point of a multi-party system is compromise
So the farther you go from there the cheaper the houses gets.
As my dad just pointed out to me: the real unspoken fear here is that our pig population will get infected
>Once the war ended, they were called back to Vaduz, Liechtenstein's capital
We're on to you
Regarding there being too many people, I think that can depend on where you go in the city
Yes, they have very strict emmissions regulations
We will be gone
45 is sooooo early
The fact that English doesn’t have that is just really træls
How about Russia
Greenland, however, was basically covered repeatedly throughout all the modules - we have more shared history with Greenland, and I would say our time as a colonist/occupying nation all the way from 1242 / 1814 to 1979 / 2009 is pretty damn relevant in danish history
I was there like eight years ago but only really saw the Rijksmuseum but I'm curious if there is more
The     Norwegian Council of Medical Ethics states that ritual circumcision   of   boys is not consistent with important principles of medical  ethics,   that  it is without medical value, and should not be paid for  with   public  funds
I don't even understand what he's saying
I’d say Tessa, Pattesutter and Suspekt fills that niche quite well today
Ligvogn in Danish (although we also call it Rustvogn, which is translated to Rust-car, I have no idea why that is).
At least it took them longer than four hours
Something that might surprise you though is the amount of drunk young people in the streets.
When you got too much money what do you use that money to?
Probably because they factored in that only millionaires can afford them hahaha
And, as the consequences section of that site points out, if Facebook doesn't want to buy those licenses, we'll all end up seeing a lot less reputable news sources
Wait what part do you live in
Zealand - Rich assholes
Well, it's no coincidence, is it
A few times I flew between two EU countries and no one ever checked my ID, just the boarding pass
But I'm a Dane, so I'd be surpriced if I knew somebody who didn't know how to ride a bike
But is weird seeing my younger brothers being smarter and better than me, in just about everything
the european union stands as number one in pharmaceutical export, with 51,2%. the US is country number two with a world market share of 11%.
"Svenskerfuld" = Drunk as a Swede = Very, very drunk
Same applies to a third friend studying psychology.
My father’s brother always did this after the snaps and the fist fight just kept going till the last of them was down ( by the way 5 brothers)
So as a kid I always had to sort of either look at (or ask) my parents, or pick out words and hope I got the gist of what he was saying  thank god for youtube being able to help us disporia kids expirence some nostalgia and hopefully get better at understanding
Bornholmsk is a variant of old Skånsk.
>What's going on
Other than that I found Hvidovre lovely
That much is clear ;) Finland isn't Scandinavian for starters
I don't know
People are born into wealth, and a very small portion of people are born into a very large portion of wealth
Usually I find it's the opposite for Norwegians, I'm surprised Swedes don't feel the same
Taking the ferry across honestly doesn't feel much different than taking a bus from one end to the other of a city
Here's a [picture] I took of it
Young people use it alongside Snapchat
Well, personally I own a couple of guns legally, since I'm a competition shooter.
True, my Norwegian grandmother lived here for 40+ years, she still didn’t sound native
That area used to be working class and the bars lining the canal were filled with sailors and prostitutes
RemindMe
I remember doing fine without either, but now I certainly won't live without
Yeah, we have idiot politicians here too
However if they were people would be crying about how the EU has too much power over the member states and that the EU has become a federal superstate
Oh man, the food was actually one of the more significant issues
Now the public attention has turned to the practice of male circumcision.
no I actually hate it, damned potato in mouth accent
Thats not really what OP asked for
The USA have kind of the same problem
> Currently, EU students are charged the same level of tuition fee as UK students
The West could easily have removed Assad if it had intervened like it did in Libya
Stop acting like they were the victims here
I'm generally in favor of freedom of movement.
Didn't realize Czech republic have the best possible EU-Exit name
Shit likes this makes me realize we are in the feature
My salary is public information anyways since I am employed as a researcher at a University
Also, a reaaaally large portion of the "christians" here are probably christians by tradition only
What throws me every time is the abbreviations
Yeah, it can be hard to express slightly complex sentences because I imagine them in English and forget the Danish word/it doesn't exist
Bikes, Super flat country, Tall and blonde, Chocolate on bread, Windmills, Vaguely potato sounding accent when talking English
In nouns we often keep the english grammar for plural, like in tank, tanks
If you start rewriting reality to fit some crazy social construction, you are hammering 200mph against cultural breakdown.
People say people from Copenhagen is mostly CBS people and banditter i habitter
A political party-leader quit because of a 10-year-old case with him grabbing a woman on the thigh
Both words are very similar and mean exactly the same in Danish
and he was an incompetent loser.
The Baltic countries being more positive about Russia than Denmark Sweden
Good thing Hell is so nice and temperate now then
My brother got another like it which was a bit older I think.
Dosent make the ban better though
The same goes for Halloween, a holiday I don't celebrate and find kind of obnoxious and annoying
Being strict with alcohol like the rest of the Nordics
Thank you all so much for the help and motivation, i could not have done it without you
He formed his own party called stram kurs
Even with a decent pay, you should expect half+ to go to rent, and then you wouldn't even get that much space or quality of the amount of money you pay
None of that "before 9 pm" business here
* Anders Fogh Rasmussen (Respected former Danish prime minister and former  Secretary General of NATO)
Kinda a akin to this idea
>	Well single payer systems are not really free
Yeah, I used to switch all the time when I lived in Copenhagen
It's *really* strange cultivating a hate for that reason in 2019, and you must be extremely angry with Germany, then, considering the occupation was a mere 70 odd years ago
Honestly what the fuck happened to England and tuition fees
And around 10'ish mil
And I forgot about the rental Focus which was underpowered and had a clunky gear shift, so the car could hardly get started when parked front uphill.
My teacher wasn't that successful in learning me British English.
This article tries to compare different option with each other, but as you can read, economists are nowhere near any form of consensus.
Do people associate Sweden with those things
It can be the supreme never to be repeated impossible achievement
> A total of 938 knife injuries were identified from 127,191 attendances (0
Water doesn't taste of much of course, but like in my flat I never have like ice cold water unless I put it in the frigde for later
>Harald Fairhair
But would we be "Britified" if we defaulted to British English instead?
So he took us to a nice church at the edge of the campus, and talked about its recent history for a bit
I know UK tortured and killed Alan Turing, one of the greatest minds that ever were, after he helped them against the Nazis, and having done no wrong.
Every single time anyone voices a peep about Germany raising military spending the usual accusations rise against them.
Glad we got that settled
3: People who speak English very well, with a neutral (American-ish) accent, usually higher educated young people, in their 20s.
Bumser
Yes
" *In several areas, including in Stockholm and Göteborg, there are instances when the police need to escort ambulance and firefighters on calls
Why don't we deport young, poor people?
Could be altitude difference
So overall it's better for the climate
Was almost chosen as the national anthem, but because a verse in the song, about have Denmark was ruling over most of England I think it was not chosen (might be wrong)
"I'm doing fine so why should i do anything
* Poland: For supporting Austria-Hungary in the fight against the Ottomans
I think to the new alt right movement, nothing is more provoking than compromises.
Sooo, if I get it right, because these elections have a low turnout, this isn't good for democracy
After 100 it just becomes the same
It's 16 degrees in Denmark ...
I hope you you'll come back one day
They dont have the attraction of the North Sea, and with all the unemployment and people moving away it is hard to see what they have got going for them
Wanna trade places with a Syrian, perhaps?
Sure but the torries usually underperform in the pools, I think it's known as the shy torrie effect or something sommilat.
3 million inhabitants
*" "*Yes, i love pasta and death
My teacher told me he was in a awkward situation when he asked a norwegian friend of his if they should get morgenbrød (morning buns), which apparently mean morning wood in norwegian
This starts to feel a lot like 2002-2003
In the 1960's they started borrowing again and inflated the public sector.
>Copenhagen
Iceland, fast internet and beautiful nature
I think the common complaint is that it's too American :)
That's true but that doesn't mean they're not different cultures.
And here I was thinking that isles meant islands
The entire map is filled to the brim with references, I'll post an overview of them all at some point
because I did not see it being discussed at official level?
Also when I lived in London I had to get used to that “half nine” would mean “half past nine”, where the danish equivalent of “half nine” (halv ni) is half past eight
And if memory serves, immigration policy is still decided in Copenhagen.
Death however is special
Occasionally there is a story with a negative angle in the more colorful part of the press.
I'm sure some people can do the mental gymnastics of seeing the snoopers charter as good, but it's still dangerous and evil.
I don't think cash is accepted anymore, and I never carry cash anyway
It sucks, but I don't think there's much we can do about it.
"keep your friends close and enemies closer"
We use the word “stueetage” for the ground floor and call the floor above that 1st floor
as an initial experiment to see if it were possible to better educate native Greenlandics
Balkan and Turkey must be taken off the table.
For example, culture might shape the electorate's wishes --> elected politicians --> government policy, which in turn might shape the electorate again
Not even Belgians
The same king also built the old stock exchange and a big observatorium
Obviously
It depends heavily on what you want to study, as some fields are way more popular than others
Good thing this picture was taken during the weekends, or it would have been against the rules
And there's plenty of words there that most regular Danes won't have any idea what means
Turkey's a member, unless some rather big news has passed me by.
In 2012, after finishing the new ring road and a bridge across the fjord, they closed down the main road through the center of the city and started to build a new city center on it
But suddenly you have 8 cases of beer, and my bank statement says my card was used at Bob's Beer-o-torium last night.
The Canada deal was really hard for EU to get through - if EU was good at this - there would be lots of these deals.
"Life imprisonment", walks out 3 months after.
-> What is it called
So I always get my sleep
Agreed, I like and can understand Norwegian (Bokmål) far better than Swedish
Red fuel can't melt Finn beams!
Maybe
I would love to see the day that a progressive Turkey throws away Erdoğan and joins the EU
I thought the seas around Ireland were way too deep
> Denmark in general
>The term "no go zone" is not used by Swedish police or any other emergency services
It's perfectly fine and perfectly friendly.
Keep track of your own arguments please.
If a project of building a modern pan-European (national) identity succeeded, through media, administrative integration, cultural assimilation and integration, etc
I’m a globalist and I have a Danish flag at my window
Of course Serbia joining is a much longer proces as it hasn't completed all the chapters in the Copenhagen criterias, but Scotland still need a negotiation and every current EU member has the chance to veto Scotland joining.
Yeah
A huge cyber-invasion that took advantage of a certain vulnerable windows-protocol that only got fixed in the update leading up to the attack
I 1773 kom der en navnelov for Hertugdømmerne (Struenses navnelov) . I følge denne lov kunne bønderne tage faste familienavne, som skulle følge familien i al fremtid og de kunne således gå bort fra det "ægte patronykom", hvilket vil sige faderens fornavn plus -sen el
Considering the nature of the other grafitti, maybe by 'bread' he meant something else...
I'm not from an ex-communist country, but it doesn't compare to anything I've ever seen or heard of here.
I'm Danish, for the record
So at 14% it's the highest it's been in over 200 years
A “gift game”, I.e if you roll a six you can take a gift from a massive pile of gifts is more common though
The EU referendum will cause another shitstorm and it will expose the fact that Turkey hasn't been close to joining the EU for a long time.
I think a classical example is when a scene is supposedly taking place in Denmark, they often are filming in another country because the actual Danish terrain is too boring or does not fit their idea of Denmark
German or French conversational level is more common among older generations
They mean well though
Swedish is also close to Danish but to a lesser extent, so it can be a little more difficult to read
Medisterpølse I guess
**Update**: Looks pretty in winter, too
The correct response would probably be to pay the man 300bn in monopoly money.
I don't see it happening, but I could be wrong
That is why they banned me from /r/The_Donald when i pointed out they had 4 times as many rapes per million citizen as Germany.
Why don't you contribute your thoughts and ideas instead of just insulting other people's?
For me they are basically the Canada of Scandinavia
Accshully, Well is strictly better than Rock (wins and loses against the same things as Rock, plus beats Rock) so if you play with Well, you should never choose Rock
*regnen, though tbh the show isn't that popular here in Denmark
I take it that the Greek form of his name, *Basileios*, is derived from *Basileus*. If that's correct, he'd be Emperor Emperor, or Emperor King
Speed limits help limit the damage accidents cause
Yeah, we had some news about that, actually pops up now and then.
But i didn't see anyone discriminating them
Edit: just remembered Cents exist, the price is 40 cents
Tror du virkelig det er konsekvensfrit, sådan at kaste gylle på mig over internettet
Overall I'd say Post Denmark was the victim of classic "New Public Management", just like the British NHS
We had a motivationel show telling us to plant trees
Hopefully we will bind up our wonds
German is a close second for many
Of course not, in fact most French politicians are all in for only one seat
Can’t forget that
I always take off my shoes, also in the Netherlands - is it not normal here
Hej, mit navn er John, det er en fornøjelse at møde dig
I think it is both compassionate and common sense, in that it is a good long term investment
Username checks out
If you refuse to shake hands with either of these people, you cannot get a citizenship and as it is a bunch of people, it's rare there is no women in the group
There is a religious decide amongst Slavs, it's pretty much Catholics against Orthodox
Have often had to stop and take photos when the light or the life there is particularly special
Norge er altså ikke en del af EU :-)
Pretty boring, but quite safe
And wine, don't forget to bring your delicious alcohol when going to Ireland, or you will be sent back home to get it
Not really, we do have dialects in Denmark, but we just focus on risdansk, or pure danish
27 celsius is what my garden thermometer read around 3 in the afternoon
I think you're right, I got that mixed up
Do we require everyone to target the same economic and political model?
Depends on the year
It’s annoying that in online spaces, you can’t say this without people assuming that you are an Islamic apologist and an open borders advocate
No, that's the entire point of OP's question.
Give us a chance, we're doing our best here.
The official still functioning Danish government in the German occupied European country responded by stripping him of his ambassadorial rights and declared the documents invalid.
That's a green vest
Jylland/jutland
You need jobs, you need taxes, you need people working, spending money, selling services, hiring others, investing.
I would eat so much more fish if the prices for it were better, or if I had better fish shops nearby
The Indian yogis who developed modern yoga or the kind of yoga most people think of with all the focus on stretching and bending took inspiration from Danish/Swedish gymnastics
I wished I could stay at home, but my boss seems paranoid about having to close down
Did you forget Copenhagen/København ? :D
[I guess it is one of those van Houten kind of situations?]
Isn't there a "Toyota" city
I give it a day
then after a few seconds of pause they add *werden*, another few seconds, and then then finally *bleibt ......
In that sense Romanians are Latins - language derived from Latin.
Not sure about the question
Most people including me didn't know what to expect from the coup.
In what universe is Asian a race
Very comprehensive overview of the biggest events which helped shape the country
True
Something like the beat to this song, named after the city I live in (Copenhagen, Denmark):
We have a healthy, albeit small, but welcoming, part of the subreddit community hanging out on the server, sharing memes, discussing current events, and just talking about life, in great and small
It wasn't a question if you agree with them
Yes, mainly Germany since my family is from Southern Jutland
They were fairly discrete, but sometimes we could hear a bed make noises
No worries, it’s not you guys’ fault primarily
I did sorry for the confusion :-)
You did just make it sound like anyone could get SU by saying "international students" where it is EU and EEA citizens that only can that
try to expand on your reasoning and see where you run into trouble.
> wait what
(Sorry if that is an exaggeration, but it's all you hear about Italy in our media)
Every time we've gone to a foreign country it seems like they use bottled water for the most part
Please, leave that rhetoric at /r/t_d and let's try to have a civil, meaningful exchange.
Got stolen my bag with my computer in it while biking and leaving it in the back basket
**Poland**
Properly laws against nazi propaganda.
If an English student had to option to save ~9k a year by going to school a bit further north, Scotland would be overrun by students taking advantage of their system, and they'd need massive financial help from the rest of the UK to fund that
I've assigned you a Germany flair
Armenien - Armenia
I found some old english essays i wrote in 9th grade, fucking butchered the grammar
Nobody will do anything, and the fact that you have a prosthetic arm would also mean people will be more understanding.
Hope you have a good one :)
People still have their mind set that buying an AC is ridiculous
I’d do huge orders to stock my pantry with cheaper foods once every six months
Also note that this law seems to only be enforced when the religion in question is that of a minority group, making it less about actual blasphemy.
It is likely those countries will experience the same decline in birthrates.
Always English
Sounds scary to me, I'm happy we've moved beyond that
Bruh why is everyone shitting on Denmark in here
Ah so stolen cars from Northern Europe doesn't count, got you.
Yes, also relative to income
Rivers
Nah it's just that hot
People don't even want the Euro up here
Deal
It was ok to begin with, but got played too much and now nobody really wants to hear it anymore
All busses are flying flags
A country that cannot provide healthcare to it's citizens is a failed country.
The meaning is something like "Remotistan", which was used by Disney in english
Denmark here, it's full speed unlimited bandwidth all the way baby.
I wasn't actually aware you could that
Denmark
* Remember always to say "I am from Denmark" and not "I am Danish" (and the pastry isn't called Danish in Denmark either)
* Swedish: 85 % (still very similar to Danish, but not nearly as similar as Norwegian - there were several words I had to decipher from context or plain didn't know)
I don't get what you're saying.
and they are from two women that had supported him while in sweden.
2015,2016 and 2017 were the bad times for Europe
Never noticed this at all
They will not give you extraordinary high growth, but stable growth.
A nice all-rounder
I get almost angry every time I'm there (also the worst stretch of the Copenhagen Half Marathon)
I just looked up window in Icelandic and of course it is *gluggi* and has nothing to do with *vindue*, but there's also the word *vindauga* which basically means wind-eye
Also, fuck Danske Bank
One shares hers with a boyfriend, and the other shares his with the dog
And can't we agree that Dutch is the worst
Almost 3 times as large as Russia.
Why would you make that
But thanks to the cold winter the belts in Denmark were frozen, so the Swedish army were able to march across it and thus took the "back door" into the heart of Denmark
A Chinese friend who doesn't speak German once explained to me how they use the phrase 一下 to soften their sentences: "It literally means 'one time' but we use it to make sentences more natural; it's very hard for non-Chinese to know when to use it
To be fair, in most of the western civilized countries that's how people perceive the police
It's very much the most intelligible dialect for me
It was not only nazi Germany, it was all your northern brothers who came.
It's pretty commen outside of planes though, mostly at sporting events for some weird reason.
Germany: Thank you for cheap border shopping and excellent humor
*I* ***REALLY*** *don't like that*
Having driven both Merced vans and VW Transport/Caravelle a lot, I can say that I would pick the VW any day of the week
I took an extreme case and compared it to a not so extreme democracy.
It certainly isn't seen as something that has *any* place in politics, and most people would be weirded out by churches or religious institutions being the kind of social community spaces that they're often seen as in the US.
They are not in the EU
Surstömning and hipsters from Stockholm is a start.
I don't particularly like circumcision, but this is the reason I would prefer it to be legal
one by accident
Generally it's just something you buy if you're out somewhere and get thirsty.
Frukost (Swedish) = breakfast
I haven't seen Vikings so I wont know but it is an ocean that lies between Norway, Sweden and Denmark, so it is very likely
Does this also count the black and hispanic communities in the US
Didn't realize all of Scandinavia was high on that list lol
I want a house at some point, a garden, things like that
Snaps
Sweden
Do you think people were not able to travel or they were not able to work in the UK and it was very difficult
It’s approximately 0,55 hectares
The average wage or a newly educated adult with a master's degree is around 30
I think that is a part of Europe
My mom says Prince Frederik loves Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds and I have no idea why she knows this, can anyone confirm
This is common in a lot of counties, but I would imagine even more in France due to the sheer size of Paris
not really...the north European countries are much less religious than southern Europe.
> And the last bit you just pulled it out of your ass
Luckily though, he is not a politician
It developed from Saxon which is Ingvaeonic/North Sea Germanic unlike German which comes from Irmionic/Elbe Germanic
Yeah, I wrote a bit on this elsewhere in the thread, regarding what they did before nitrogen pours, that they used to mix beer from an old cask with beer from a fresh one
I like that Crimea is stil a part of Ukraine in this map
I haven't heard of an alternative to glædelig jul (aka merry Christmas), but then our word for Christmas (jul) isn't tied to religion or Christianity in any way, and most people don't really celebrate it as a Christian holiday either.
I'm pretty sure that all Cocio is produced in Esbjerg, which is also the only location they mention on their website
Still crazy to me as here it’s sixteen (to buy)
Horse meat is some damn good meat
Then they're just there for ego
With A-GPS you don't get good enough accuracy?
if you go outside, you will see people under the age of 18
On all holidays
I love all my Scandi brethren <3
since most people were sitting at home way more than usual
Establishing a business in Denmark literally takes less than two minutes with your national online-ID, and pretty much everything is self-service online
English = Thanks
That the country is a bit too small in size and population
I used to watch english youtubers and watch the video with subtitles then when it's done I watched it again without subtitles and tried remembering the words
Remember we can veto any treaty change.
Kinda funny how they remembered most of the Danish islands but not yours.
I'm surprised it's not for free to go to your GP in Sweden like in Denmark
You may say hi them if you see them on the stairs and can recognize them, but often not more than that
Even if we just look at recent years I'm not sure everything can be explained by fear of peeping toms taking fotos
That's a bit odd honestly, what exactly do those two movements have in common besides the word 'independence'?
As a external lecturer at ITU, I think you are way off
Also, they have different products in different countries, so there are no real giveaways
I'm not saying I think it'll go away tomorrow if we ban it or whatever.
IIRC He (Eske Bille) was controlling the amt for 10ish years, he was part of the “Bille” family which has an immense amount of power in both Norway and Denmark at the time
Friendly people too
Unless you can get into a top-tier uni, pick another city or country.
I flew over Greenland once and it is amazing
There is also a watermark to prevent people from claiming it as theirs
It was the church in form of the Archbishop that orchestrated the thing
There is a language that mixes loads of Germanic and Latin words.
Ireland says 120 but they have 100 km/h limits on country roads I couldn't feasibly driver faster than 50 on
So what is then, the solution to preventing these white supremacists groups from growing?
assimilation of people B into A, or 3
No, it was regarding introduction of a certain set of restrictions
I for one accept our Polish overlords.
The most common type of private healthcare to use are psychologists and psychiatrists
The sheer arrogance of claiming that the only criteria of being European is being a member of the EU - And that Norwegians, Swizz or Brits are not European is nothing short of astounding.
Response was slow, and idiots were being idiots, but most people were actually dealing with it somewhat decently
Var det ikke hende, der bare nappede lidt efter lidt, indtil at hun blev opdaget
Helicopter money can even come in the form of tax cuts funded by printing money.
You can just drive over the border using the small roads
Indeed, occupying Eastern Europe did not win Russia any friends there
Dumbass me was focusing on the red lights atop the buildings and COMPLETELY missed the 10's of thousands of people in the street
Yes they do and they get veto power.
Just forests
Luckily not in forum, but to my friends during break
Northern Ireland is where it wants to be, part of the UK.
I can clarify for you
Apparantly most other european countries are fatter
It’s always interesting to see how many names a new Portuguese colleague of mine has, but indeed seem to rarely use them, outside your first and last names
Maybe they should re-think their wishes.
It's just a collection of countries located in northern Europe.
Different sides do different things.
Give us Rufus Gifford back, then we'll talk
Between Brexit, the ugly rise in xenophobia and racism that followed it, the grossly overpriced costs of living in London, the way the NHS is being systematically dismantled, the fact that the ruling political party is downright evil, and their opposition is apparently a group of incompetent clowns.
If only i could see a shot of this in darkness
This summer I went to Ribes new museum of Witches and Witchcraft - that one was dope as hell
I agree
Same in Danish
Few years later Sweden split in half
Username checks out
Funnily that (as far as I can tell) is pronounced exactly the same as the Danish word for he
Danish isn't easy to learn
could be constructed, sure
Also maybe the tick - around 300 people every year get seriously ill from tick-bites
1,4 deaths per 1 million people in the US, and 0,17 deaths per 1 million people in the EU
Alcohol restrictions and political correctness?
Might be a bit off topic but I love how obvious it is that you have been taught British English, down to the extent of you writing British sayings (*oh rubbish*, *bugger off*).
I think it’s more of an “inner city”-smell tbh, and it’s not there all the time (like the fertilizer-smell inland), but when walking down the street in Copenhagen (or Aarhus/Aalborg for that matter) I find that you sometimes get that unpleasant “sewer-smell” punching its way into your nose
Sidder og sveder lidt over svagt ihukomne bøjninger og tilfældige gloser fra ferier sydpå. Sætter lidt for meget tillid til engelsk som bro mellem germanske og romanske sprog
Regarding the dialectal differences I’ll have to agree to some extent
Kryddsill (Swedish) = spiced herring
I'm afraid what they'll be like if we admit them to the Union and lose all control over them
But the problem is that a great deal of Turks and Arabic people find sense in it.
The camaraderie and fellowship it has, the openness to both the most ridiculous questions, and to more serious questions
Social liberalism and Neoliberalism go by their 'own' names.
We do have a lot of jokes about each other
The dude meant well and had a good message, but yeah he sounded hillarious speaking english
I like how you use the term Lügenpresse copying nazis is a great way to show trustworthiness
They speak English or German enough to make it irrelevant
Neither of which the UK think they'd have to do
No, that's a good price in a normal store
Until they stop making planes so much artificially cheaper I really don’t think it’s fair to scold the common person for choosing flying
Hugo Boss uniform is on point tho
Hi there Turkey
When have you been threatened in a way that would require us to diplomatically or militarily help Greece?
Most people have one first name and 1-2 lastnames
As impressive as her career was, she had a couple of kids, cared for her dying husband AND was editor in chief for the her university paper
Large bills like the 500€ would be good for that purpose
Who determines what is propaganda or anti-PC?
Hell, my mate didn't quite get why I wanted to do anything else but smoke weed, but he came around when I suggested we take the Heineken tour first
But apparently not
They had been talking about moving here in the first place.
I agree
claustrophobic, for lack of a better word
I enjoy the sugar free version of the Faxe Kondi
It's not one of the dialects that others generally have a problem understanding though, it's just a *very* flat and uneventful dialect
My wife getting me to skip the hotel breakfast, and go to the market just off the Rambla in Barcelona to buy cheese, cold cuts, and bread, and then having breakfast in a quiet corner of Park Güell
Don't you just say 24-hour day
We've had like 3 days with below freezing this winter
høhøhø lol :p
It's a cool culture there
I think the problem here is that many people outside Scandinavia see us as one homogenous blob.
Well I think it is impossible to get around France and Italy taking first price - won't choose between them.
and now I want to go on vacation somewhere warm
He woke up on a coast alone, all his crewmembers drowned
So you can often get so you are only a few meters  from them before they run off
I would be much more interested in going to Uherský Brod and visit the CZ factory
The UK is a kingdom
People most likely feel like it's "Local news" or whatever tag the mods sometimes use when removing posts here.
edit: non renewables (the ~30%):
I wanted to see the view from other European countries on him.
Even down to the rude directness, and lack of nuance.
As for Europe, the smallest country that I'd consider big (population wise) would probably be Spain, Ukraine or Poland
In Denmark they’re always refrigerated in-store
For their gondola, obviously
We also went to Brno on that same vacation
The fact that one of my parents is a foreigner only adds a layer to it
Wow that is very impressive considering it is winter
Havde sgu ikke forventet jeg jeg skulle se et af dine post da jeg åbnede Reddit
In Cannes, you're driving by the coastline, under palm trees
> To make new factories, Greece will need to import German machinery which will be relatively more expensive
Anyone can memorize a speech, but to explain it on several different abstraction levels require a deeper understanding of the subject, which she demonstrates that she has here
Russia wasn't occupied nor a bombed out shell and didn't want/need the West to interfere with their internal affairs
Thats just because there is something wrong with your language when you need to cough up hair balls to make it sound anywhere near reasonably.
[Very little]
But other than that, there are hardly any regional differences in Denmark
It really sucks, because having compound words is the best feature of our language, if you ask me
Unless friends meet, however they are usually respectful about it
Leaving the EU would be easier if that ever becomes an issue
They just seem to see a lot of things completely differently than others, seem to do certain things in their own ways etc
I moved out into the countryside and we live on a narrow road where two normal size cars can pass at the same time
If you're moving to Europe and English is your only language than I highly suggest looking in to Scandinavia.
Especially Sweden
"oh but so and so country will be voting for an equally racist / hateful party"
I'm not sure where you're from exactly but if you're from a city then obviously fewer people will have flag poles there than in suburbs, smaller towns etc
is obviously them failing at some point
It might be the same with korv/kurv, they sound the same but means two different things (sausage/basket)
So many Americans answering the subs and try and make it about America
Like i get a lot of the others
I hate to be a nazi of any kind, but seeing people not compound their words (especially in professional settings, or in official-style text, etc
I have a lot of experience with it, that's why I chose it
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Artwork by Jeremy Banks, *Banx*
We drink it on holidays mostly
I'm pretty sure that they are slowly putting parodists out of work.
No, a vildsvin is a warthog or a type of swine where a boar as I think would be a more apt translation is a male swine
Household debt is tax related in Denmark.
DO-LO-MITE
Both children and teenagers
No Danish dessert can match the glorious homemade [koldskål] with fresh strawberries and kammerjunkere .
A political party is defined by their political policies, and if they aren't racist, then it's disingenuous to refer to the party as such
Yeah its getting 13 degrees today
If you are 18 and you parents demanding you to clean your room and you dont want to.
Very common there
Also because we just don’t have as many tests
how about another Union eh
Isn't 'the largest country' the same as 'the country with the biggest area'?
It totally makes my day for as long as there's this beautiful white snow outside :)
At livet er gået i chok
Don't beat yourself up, Fårup Sommerland is awesome too
I expect a repeat of the of the 2018 WC where we give every team a fight but ultimately narrowly get kicked out in the knockout phase
Hm, I feel like cheating is just very normalized in a lot of places
It's true that interconnections with Norway and Sweden will be important in the years to come when we face out some of the thermal plants
Does have a little bit of rolling shutter going on, so I'm guessing something like a sony mirrorless, and not pro video gear
Because I've never heard of anyone having to wait that long unless it was Post Nord or a Wish package
The height of the deck above sea level?
When I went to Istanbul oh holiday our hotel was just by the blue mosque
I go outside and wear "outside clothes" but when I am arriving home I change
Chantal and Jacqueline were given a terrible after-life in American trailer-trash and British working-class naming conventions
When did you go there
It is without a doubt the most delicious beverage to fizzle my tastebuds
I faced some stereotyping from his family too, being from Jutland and moving to Copenhagen
Great atmosphere, big town vibe
However, the pronunciation part is *very* different.
But I actually thought they taught this in school, but I guess it varies from school to school
In Denmark it is called a bobspil
*danelaw*
The first floor you walk into is, well, the first floor
The people and the vibe felt like summer in Copenhagen
I couldn't help but laugh a little
We're already literally paying banks to loan money from our national bank to push down interest, so there's nothing to really push on on that front, and we're pegging _way_ closer than the ERMII requirements because we **need** the additional lower interest rates we can get by being even more identical to the Euro
At my workplace we do have a shower that I sometimes use.
i dont give a fuck about russia.
Randers Rainforest is defo worth a visit
Don't get me wrong, the "now" if far from great, it is far from good, but it's where I am, and where I intend to stay
I really hope the best for Russia and the Russian people
- TV2 hosts a charity show where viewers can donate X amount
People knew it killed them there as well.
I say we take the war to r/Sweden this time.
No one is doubting (except internet trolls) that everyone is opposed to Islamic terrorism and decapitations
Confetti on New Years
This is OC content
Their beaches were filled  bunkers, cannons, mines and machine guns, my beach was with sand castles and ice cream
No one wants to work or agree on anything with the 'other side' (speaking Democrat vs
Domesticated cats are everywhere
I really wanna visit the beautiful country one day, and I could even envision myself live there
NO ONE MIXES BEER WITH COKE DARN IT!!!!
Hippety hoppety
I knew a exchange student who would pronounce *kælling* like *killing*. Hard to take it seriously when he tried calling you a bitch, but called you a kitten instead
But we are an Aldi North nation
"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one"
Huh, I never thought about that
I dont see how anyone could find anything funny about any of this.
Glad we got that settled
I know, but what does that have to do with the Greek debt?
I accept losing almost our entire land mass just to spite the Swedish by taking Skåne back
You crush the kammerjunker
*Usually
I have no intention of becoming a teenage dad
In Denmark normal police carry handguns
[Crazy Chips]
On the other hand, it is completely economically unfeasible, and I'm not sure the Danish government would even accept a sudden unilateral declaration
And the way that the EU works, in some matters it requires all member countries (no matter how small) to agree to a deal
Although I've been told that churches in the US are tax exempt, so I'd expect them to be more reliant on the individual churchgoer and less publicly funded, making the advertisements a good idea
I have a calender for trash pickup days
With my Spanish girlfriend
Asia is a landmass with defined boundaries
I can always go visit those other places with different nature, different culture, different food, different history etc
Very late to the party, and I don't think I've seen this mentioned, but as much as Scandinavia is touted as the most feminist area of the world, it's a bit of a problem since people take that to mean that there is no need to do better
The historian and pol
Royal College of Surgeons of England
Hælde is more used now
like does it have to encompass litterally all of europe
I'm glad the U.K might stay in the single market, but I reckon we wont have article 50 triggered by March if we start having talks about whether or not to stay in the Single Market.
We’re tough to get to know, and that is a real struggle for many visitors and immigrants; but we make great friends if you make it through the barrier
Danish rugbrød isn't just a sourdough rye bread.
surely you have the money
And of course the restaurant is a place for itself
I don’t know what countries they still rule
Over here only the cheapest beers are individually priced
Even if it wasn't customary to do so, if he had signed and popped the pen in his pocket instantly and he was called out for it, he could've easily pulled "honestly didn't intend to do it, old habits die hard"
Otherwise, it's not something our doors do
The question was "how many ***European*** country have you been to?" and he is uncertain.
Business is good
Taskmaster is a national treasure
War on The Netherlands and Denmark actually
In Denmark we love what we call "Sport soda" which are sodas like 7up or Mountain Dew but quite different in taste
If we lived in a world where being trans or gay was completely uncontroversial, and the incidence was still higher, then there could be an argument, but as it currently stands there's no reason to think that transgender people suffer from mental illness because of their gender status.
When a boy when the age of  majority,    he may even decide, but until then the requirements of the    individual's  right to self-determination prevail
Swap the spoon for a coin, and you have the recipe for kaffepunch
In Denmark we have a "Dog law" which is there to prevent wild dogs and other dog breeding related causes to control the dog population
>Boiling point	3134 K ​(2862 °C, ​5182 °F)
But if they have a special exibition, I head there as soon as I can
Probably that we hate the swedes and that Skåne is a part of Denmark
You can pretty much see what there is to see in five days or so.
That is maybe what you are referring to
Sure we are a small country, but you said antifederalism was a thing of a the last which is absolutely not true.
The prince and me
I think the gentrification and housing market and a lot of what Tony says is not that bad compared to most of the world
This one time, my great-great-grandfather, Rona's father, had stopped at a Norwegian dock to stock up on lard
He has
Like puppies
The king invited several hundred Dutch farmers to move here (to Amager, specifically)
Soon it'll be over
We can't afford to let Trump derail the efforts against climate change.
Catchy, famous and overplayed
It certainly can't be 30 years of UK politicians and media campaigning to convince the population that the EU is evil and corrupt and whatever else.
What the hell
Late to the party as usual, but in Danish it's Tjekkiet.
40ish and live in a suburb as well.
Yeah, here primary school education would also be under professional study programs (Professional Bachelor Degree in Denmark) where you can apply with vocational training + whatever specific requirements you need, without a high school degree.
All cities are special in their own way
Two of [these]
This sub has a lot of pro-federalist, and they were very butt-hurt about the whole brexit thing.
In Denmark those windows are uncommon in houses, where windows will generally open outwards
Three girls who had been talking to them from behind then slapped them on the back of the head and told them off
"Danmark er det sydligste skandinaviske land
They need the money to cut taxes on petroleum cars and printed advertisement, apparently this is where the future is at.
So, yeah, the Scandinavian languages are pretty intelligible, but it requires some practice, which not everybody has
Total cat person
&#x200B;
That's the way it is in many languages
How do you even traverse such slopes
I even went out and bought an AC 2 years ago
[Lol, you have no idea
For anyone interested here is a debate between danish and swedish politicians regarding the refugee crisis and immigration in general with English subtitles.
I wish i could suck a dick and get a Porsche Cayenne and 4 apartments.
Here, people they pass will wave and cheer, or cars will honk their horns and people generally just seems really happy on their behalf.
Starting in danish makes it a lot easier for me to grasp what the article is about, especially if it uses concepts and names which i’m usually more familiar with in danish
In English:
We were a weird bunch of people who all met through couchsurfing
I'd standardize the Nordic flags so they have the [same ratios and same colour shades]
This is why I think the semi-direct democracy we have can only work with a rather well-educated population
- Lars Mikkelsen (does a mean Putin copy)
If I remember correctly he had threatened a guard with a vest that looked like a bomb, only to be caught within 10 minutes
If you're actually curious, I can find a video real quick :)
"Lem" - Limb = Penis
But the interaction with the animals, older kids colorful stories and the teachers insistence on explaining things is the real goal.
You could "lend" it to the bank, but that wouldn't make a huge difference.
I feel like the two girls in the tanning beds from Final Destination 3
It seems the Netherlands use the same principle as Denmark, which is to treat every disease at the lowest possible level.
Yes, we drink tap water all the time.
5 against Argentina, wanting to flex that fancy navy for everyone to see.
I remember learning how to set a tent, wield a knife, catch and prepare a fish as well as just having fun and hanging out outside
I don't see why we should have term limits because of that.
Hokus-pokus-filiokus (which is used in other languages too) is from the Latin "hoc est corpus filii" which means "this is the body of the son". It was of course said in church at communion
There are [many] , but they were mostly used before the metric system
The length of queues in front of polling stations I saw on TV was appaling.
I mean sure it might be so in the U.S but it aint here.
Speaking of Norway
He is actually still politically active, and I think I saw something about him running for mayor of my city at one point
If only i could see a shot of this in darkness
There are those who are wrong, and those who eat chocolate buns
Aaaannnd
I work with researchers from the EU in Denmark and they pay less taxes than me for that reason.
But we don't sound that good to others with that dumb potato in our mouth
Mojn in Southern Jutland Danish is different from German moin
Let Turkey be Turkey and pick another turist destination.
&#x200B;
it's about these people being human too and their lives also mattering.
Often instead of "which" or at other times as a completely redundant word
Man, I really feel old now
I haven't encountered any Danish flat earthers but there are other nutters out there
Nowadays, most Danish dialects are sufficiently subtle, that most people can understand most other
Gypsies are many different kinds of people
a powerful storm every 15 years or so.
Honestly, I don't really think of Brazillians very often but I certainly don't have a negative view of your people.
I always study on my morning ride, with the quite radio in the background
I’ve lived both in and out of cph, and though I do agree that there is a certain staleness to the air in the inner city, I wouldn’t go as far as call it sewer like
The definition of a secular government is one that is not connected with religious matters.
Mens vi snakker så er jeg i gang med at kontakte mit hemmelige netværk af spioner rundt om i Danmark og din IP-adresse spores lige nu, så gør dig klar på stormen, maddike
) film "Keeping Mum" was translated to "Svigermor(d)" which is difficult to translate directly back into english for you guys, but "svigermor" translates to "mother-in-law" and "mord" translates to "Murder
I started learning English in the 3rd grade
The POLES ARE MELTING
Atomium is cool
Ofc everyone can visit their dead family, i just dont mind paying a tiny tiny tax for this
I think I made it very clear that I believe it's very tragic
It was a silly thing to discuss where the sensors should be located.
I don't think anyone would seriously claim that the US isn't a developed country.
Just a shame you can't find it here
Wow are you saying kill all men.
Birdshit on my windshield is pretty much fascism
It's even part of our old national anthem:
haha alright sounds good
Instead up coming home to their parents, the kids were either put up for adoption or sent to a foster home
It's actually quite a new thing for the Chinese to write the word 她 for *she/her* instead of 他 (*he/him*)
Religiously, Orthodoxy has been outside the whole Protestant-Catholic schism, and is itself very interesting
When I was on vacation in Portugal it was a *very* dry heat though
Originally I was mostly curious, since I (probably mis-read) your comments as being opposed to compromises
Those livestreams are definitely not going to add to the feeling of how the Turks are equal dutch citizens, wanting the best for the Netherlands.
Or perhaps he just doesn't want to spend UK's political capital on slowing down a process the UK can't stop.
Words in () is the Danish translation of the English meaning
7 years
Just don't tell Estonia
The most anti-german sentiment is when they clog the roads, heading for the nearest beach in summer
There's a pretty good handful of celebrities where either one of my friends knows one, or a friend's friend knows them
Side note: whenever I’ve travelled to Southern Europe I’ve always found it so irritating that I had to wait till 8-9pm to get some dinner
Usually we like to treat everyone with a certain amount of respect and we prob don’t think that authority should be treated (very) differently than our selves
That's not "melting" anything together.
You are not willing to compromise in order to reach an agreement.
When someone is a couple, they’re kærester, dearests
Ø meaning island
So, if you jump in your coat out behind a car to flash - that is illegal.
Before 1950, Denmark had a "Ministry of War", but it was combined with the "Ministry of the Navy" to make the "Ministry of Defence"
But if 2000 BLM-supporters march in Portland
Please tell me who is this guy representing?
Give me Sweden’s car laws please
Your examples only cover incompetence which is excusable - it is merely the cost of doing business.
I learned this news just now by reading your title
If the word "free" is to have any kind of reasonable meaning, you can't bend it like this
It'd kill every culture on the planet.
I've been looking to get myself a good news aggregator, but they seem to be mostly focused on American news, and if you want sources from multiple language, you might as well give up.
A similar Norse settlement in France turned into a local powerhouse, and conquered Saxon England.
There are similar stuff for offending/insulting royalties.
In Denmark we have a "Dog law" which is there to prevent wild dogs and other dog breeding related causes to control the dog population
Better use more money and policemen at the useless border control.
If Greece had its own currency it would have to pay a lot higher interest rate on its debt and struggle to refinance it.
Your bibles may be safe, but your priests still have those absurd ruffs on like us
That's just what an *Austrian* would say!
Wait are you telling me I have been lied to
I didn't have time, had to learn Brazilian first
The UK is not normally counted as a Nordic country.
But in so much of the world these problems are ten times as bad
>That makes me wonder how the whole 1864 affaire could happen in the first place, with Germans and Danish being so close lol
In the end we wound up with an awesome breakfast with eggs, bread, butter, milk, and something that looked and tasted kinda like knödlen
Yea
We actually got a national ID a few years ago but it's still not valid for travels
On the Northern coast between Gesocribal and Condate
Transylvania is big though, and some regions barely have Hungarians, like Alba, Sibiu, Hunedoara and Bistrița-Năsăud counties
Voorfoor eer duu såå oond mood oos?
Rye bread (and Danish liver pate with bacon
Open and shut case Johnson
An alternate history in which England was in the Nordic cultural sphere instead of gravitating towards France would be very interesting
Though in elementary school it was obligatory to have a class called Kristendom (christianity)
He looks like something out of a video game or a film.
* Switzerland: World class research, innovation etc
Neither badgers, gray seals or foxes are of course as you mentioned, no threat for the deers
It's still possible that many of them were granted asylum.
It really depends
As far as I know, we only have one located in CPH Airport
A few that I've heard other people use as well:
- would work
Almost all Danes have strong accents
And I don't see why exploring space wouldn't help with some problems.
Doing odd jobs, sharpening knives for people as "skærsliber" (translates to  cutting-grinder) or earning some money by singing and playing the harmonica as a "gårdsanger" (Tanslates to something like backyard singer)
You can extend this to Kazakhstan as well, the famine was a move to quell dissidents among the Kazakhs
The common understanding is that we are allowed to hit people with sticks if the cross the frozen sea
Those living in the regions originally inhabited by the Frankish tribes kept speaking their language, which eventually developed into modern Dutch
It's like that, but wetter
Ideologically I am against monarchy.
I also want to meet Tom cruise
I don't know any people with cats who dislikes dogs
In Denmark we have two periods of being free and independent
Erhm, why is Danish Zealand (Sjælland) yellow in development
- [Proto-Germanic] "*austrą" > [Old Norse] "austr" -> the dwarf Austri
But I think the producers had to draw a line, it's a drama, not an exposé. So they stuck to public records, and if there was a public scandal, they would show the characters reacting to the scandal - but only if they thought it would provide a good framework for interesting dramatisation
) seem to use it all the time, even as a "Bye" when on the phone to family members etc
Hey
Norway got way to much of the oil
That's a very ambitious school and very popular
If I had to say something, it would probably be that people and politicians are slowly becoming a bit too right-wing and reactionary for my liking, but the political system in Denmark favours stability more than anything so I'm not too worried.
English on the other hand is a mess with few rules and a lot of exceptions.
Of course this doesn't mean that there wasn't a huge underground resistance in the years to come
I work at a high school - i.e. a place where most employees are academics - and to my knowledge, less than 5 out of approx
I accept losing almost our entire land mass just to spite the Swedish by taking Skåne back
\-The Netherlands will be a water level
Subs in english
That's littereally the entire point of them
Stylistically important but the house should function the same, just with different visual architectures
Actually I think, Malmø might've been more populated than Copenhagen at some point during the 16th century
I'm not even Polish, but if you started to write Krakuw and Tarnuw for example, sure that's how they are pronounced anyway, but it just looks too wrong
The New-Danes can be a problem but not as big of a problem as the politicians who believe they can replace born-Danes and the need for a good education system.
I'm pretty sure only the  Americans do that and we all have a version of "milliard".
It’s kind of like the ghetto discussions
And through the Faroese, the Danes get a bunch of flack as well
It ain't no Great Belt Bridge
I suppose it might be fun trying to live somewhere else (at least for a while) if I won some big lottery, inherited a fortune or whatever so I didn't have to worry about finding a job etc
and we also do not want to pay for using German roads when buying cheaper stuff on the other side of the border.
For the the greatest sand castle in the galaxy
When I went to Göteborg I tried to speak danish and understand their Swedish but I just couldn’t understand them so I switched to English
I do get that PO and Tusk aren't exactly the holy grail and Razem are a bit to much to me.
I moved out into the countryside and we live on a narrow road where two normal size cars can pass at the same time
It even looks like there was a record snowfall, so even if the policy was implemented, it's a stretch to say that it was the primary or sole reason for the halt.
The genetics are more similar, while the cultures differ more
I'm not even Polish, but if you started to write Krakuw and Tarnuw for example, sure that's how they are pronounced anyway, but it just looks too wrong
We always need to go and kindly ask people, if they would be so nice as to take a table in the central room
"Tut mir leid, ich habe *ja* eine Prüfung"
Are you guys allowed to leave your house yet
Nobody is buying it, though we really hoped to sell it soon
\[Chorus\]
Parts of it definitely is, but the country is more or less split three ways
Don´t forget the western coast of Jutland where Danes, Germans and Norwegians vacate in droves
And they use this framing to
I would consider them "real" Danes.
We knew nothing
Mullets are called svenskerhår - swede hair in denmark
But generally, these excuses above will be accepted as valid - especially in Copenhagen, I've found - due to the fact that trains and busses are almost always late, and traffic is often bad - even if you are on bike
Lots of them too
They were mostly Trump copies
We get mountains, you get cheaper beer
Just sayin’
Of course there'll be time for beers and gals/lads/entities of your preference
* The general /r/AskEuropean is still a young, single, heterosexual male
It was annihilation war Germany waged on Europe
Full of people in Fjällraven or beige parkas with knit-hoodies, old Danish buildings, the typical city-cathedral and then just a bunch of 70-90's villas all of them about the same size, no huge outliers
He's frankly just a late recipient of the Darwin Award and I have no sympathy for him.
This is part of my issue with the whole thing - in practice, they control *everything* except foreign policy
You need a passport (in case anybody will check you, which if you go by train or car, is not given), but I’ve only ever met one person without one
Denmark stopped being an official member of Europol after the EU opt-out refferendum, which lost because Venstre tried to sneak in surveillance laws alongside the whole refugee scare.
> I mean, the UK is fundamentally a socialist state so not much would change
Nice country I can recommend it, just needs more coastline (I kid I kid)
is roughly correct timestamp she also says the sentence in rigsdansk afterwards
Well, you are *allowed* to do it :)
You buckle up, or we're not going anywhere
I am quite happy with my disposable income
In general phone adverts were pretty good
Most people are suspicious of anything that's different or "other".
You could call Europe a place and colour it all yellow
The only aspects of Danish history I have heard mentioned are the Viking Age, The Kalmar Union, our role in the 30 Years War, though that may only be because we have a phase of it named after us, and the Great Northern War
They termed it the 400-year-night.
2 murder rate in 2011
A long time ago he was actually a board-member before the company went through a long period of c-level politics, hostile take-overs and bad mergers
Well, at least I know that if I ever hit rock bottom, I still have a few hundred feet of shit under it to cushion my fall before I become as pathetic as those idiots.
Please help - wtf did I miss regarding Finland
Sound like the basis for Pratchett's Nac mac Feegle
Completely commonplace
Again
That alien part also plays into it
A lot of Americans though
Downvoters: Please search this: **"usa corona probable cases"**
Or is it only rental for now
The government is downsizing some aspects of the welfare state, but there is still a consensus that the welfare state is good.
Welfare shoppers the lot of them.
Modern Oradea is first mentioned in 1113
It's the cozy feeling you get when being in good company
I wonder if that gonna change in the future once the island goes from being a dead-end remote corner of the country to the transport middle point between Copenhagen and Hamburg
If not actually worse
It certainly goes both ways
Maybe not on a saturday evening
But for some reason it seems to be a topic of frequent complaint from German renters of danish holiday homes
Actually the current border was decided after WW1.
I'm all for transparency in government, this was a very clear breach of that
Unfortunately the nearest cliff is on the other side of the country, and no way in hell am I driving all the way over there in this heat
There's a high degree of EU-skepticism in Denmark.
He was part of the military of a nation which the US is at peace with
It may be more of a "we were the only ones that did everything" mentality instead of a "we did it by ourselves" mentality if you dive into it
Otherwise never
´What non-hyggeligt use of Dannebrog similar to the US do you see
After we see the collapse of the region known as Great Britain and economic depression that is sure to follow the actual BREXIT, we'll never leave the union.
I wouldn't call a God a fantasy character (unless they are named after the Marvel guy, which, to be fair, isn't too unlikely)
Everyone speaks fluent English.
The proposed change must pass by a majority, **and the majority must represent at least 40% of all eligible voters**
The problem is how EU is borrowing money which the member states are responsible for paying back
It's very rare for me to meet a person who haven't atleast smoked once, atleast for the younger generation ( I'm 18 ) I would say it's pretty popular
your president wanted to buy us
we're not used to it
Depends on the field
Thanks OP
Olsen banden (Denmark)
I have a lot more if people wants
Replacing natural gas with coal is not exactly the way forward
Nicotine pouches and snus are pretty much the same thing, and the words are used interchangeably
Does the waiter keep track of your beers by noting the mat at you guys
We do have the Euro in practice and the cost of changing that is so unimaginably high that it can realistically never be the best option
But it has been adopted by the Pan-European movement(s) and the EU, leading it to simply rather have connotations of some modern continuation of liberal nationalism a la the 18th and 9th centuries, rather than carrying an actual internationalist meaning
If they are let go the judge, if needed, can make the call that police will pick them up on the day they are to appear in court
By H. C. Andersen
It is actually kind of important to specify that it also applies for Greenland or the Faroes (and Iceland, at the time of writing I guess)
My comment was a bit of a jab at that
Or are they just so stupid that they can’t see the world dying
It's quite weird coming home from the Canary islands, to an even hotter Denmark
Hard to think of a more radically non-danish position
We have similar nature (except mountains) as a lot of Scandinavia, and we have a lot of the same architectural styles as the Netherlands
It wont work forever, eventually parties who do this die as new political parties rise to take their place.
The cost for people smuggling suggests people do have something to loose though.
I would be fine in the nordics, Spain, and somewhat Germany
It gets dark at around 15:00 anyways
All religion is dangerous and Islam is currently the most dangerous.
Atheism is difficult to define, probably because the opposite is also a very slippery thing.
And eleventh century settlements - well those are mostly Normans who descended from Vikings - sure, but had evolved into something quite different.
Also Italians might seem crazy for a guy who has grown up in the States.
In truth, we just want Germony to love us.
Canada is the Europe of the Americas.
As a Dane I can say that people in Denmark did talk about the UK leaving EU as being a possible instigating incident to make us leave as well
Petersburg might even get stripped of its hosting
I can smell an københavner or fynbo
Swedish has a word for it so not really
I really love that there are norse graffiti in Hagia Sophia
Let's stop pretending and just be honest.
We also have a donut day
Other causes are mass migration, a refusal to follow election results and so on
Which countries are aldi’s in
The UK will get a good trade deal and such, because they are a large economy
On the other hand, Greenland and the Faroe Islands have so wide autonomy, that they basically function as small countries in local matters and are even included at some level in state affairs
In Denmark, all education is free, and all students get a decent-sized monthly stipend of around £550.
Playing video games and DnD made it a piece of cake to learn English, also a lot of words are similar so
This always amazes me
Kings Landing is Kongs Havn (Kings harbour ish) and Winterfell is Vinterborg (Wintercastle) and I mean, you get where they are coming from, and maybe its just because I saw the series first
KOM SÅ DANMARK, KOM SÅ
I've also heard western Denmark being referred to as "the whipped cream front" because it was so peaceful
"Og hvad fortæller klokken
All accents are equally modern
Rivers in Denmark
The venn diagram kind of suggests such areas exists
I'm aware they face the same issues in Sweden and Norway, according to the teacher of our company's branches there
Actually we shouldn’t turn politics into a reality tv show
Yes:
Atm we have a 3 party government with about 30% of the vote.
Trump is winning in the US, is Europe #1 now?
Thanks
I have literally never heard about him, and even reading his wikipedia page I have no idea who he is
Just feels so out of place
Unlimited data in your own country but softcapped (10gb) abroad is the most likely scenario.
Seems like they still be invading us every summer
Here, the danish church gets their money from the state, and compared to usa, that is just a small allowance
Although I’ve never officially been a part of the moment of inner mission
We revolutionized shipbuilding and to this day we still on top of the shipping game worldwide
Ryan and Wizz Air has plenty of flights all over, and usually a low prices
It's like that for all people in any of the memberstates
Rolled over
And when people read a report of an ethnic cleaning they go, "meh
I've pretty much given up on Postnord personally at this point
It's also needed to free up space on the Øresund connection to allow more freight through when the Femern Belt connection opens to Germany
As a UN soldier I did not mind being deployed to Bosnia and Danish war ships protecting ships of the coast of Somalia is supporting Danish sphere of interest (Denmark being one of the 10 largest ship owning countries of the world).
Is that how you write Copenhagen/København in Finland
That is awesome
Reddit actually does have profile pictures since the redesign
When I lived in the UK for an exchange they showed us that campaign at sixth form - they also showed another one with a group of girls, where baby dies
I, of course, get it from a practical level, but it was simply mind-boggling because of how ingrained it is as "rite of passage" outside CPH
That is what I well like by danish
The labour given towards production is embodied in the commodities or other wares and exploitation occurs when someone purchases a good, with their revenue or wages, for an amount unequal to the total labour he or she has put forth
Watch people queue up when some ice cream vendor sets up show at a corner and starts selling Пломбир for a decently low price
Not on subject but still funny.
There are variations in taste sure, but ugly will always be ugly to the majority.
Pretty cool I’d say
That's why Russia has so much support in Eastern Ukraine.
I personally new him from Doonesbury.
I basically cannot make myself address someone by their last name so when I first meet someone I hope intensely I won't need to say their name
Warsaw = Warszawa
Tbh never actually heard anyone from Zealand saying “kaffe” with one syllable
As a symbol it still reproduces nationalism when used privately
You can get a GED in the US at any age which would be like a Danish HF or studenterkursus.
As much as I despise my Swedish neighbors that bill have ended.
Belarus: *Kalm*
It must be for their own amusement by now.
:-)
It almost feels like the air is some semi-liquid thing when it's humid and hot
They're part of the realm community because they choose to
Yeah, my father is Danish and my mother is not, and I’ve been explicitly told many times “don’t try to think you are Danish, because you aren’t”
Sure, it's not going to decarbonize Europe as such
In fact, in my anecdotal experience, it tends to be more trashy and lower class kids who use iPhones, due to them being the ones with a mindset of anything other than apple being inferior
Well thanks for showing me the fine art of making an argument
We haven't had proper snow since, what?
It could also be from Kristianstad maybe
Lars Mikkelsen, the brother of Mads
and one where there's not even a difference in spelling, simply in pronunciation
God I've had that one as well
[Here's a BBC story about it] (text, not video)
> Currently, internet companies have little incentive to sign fair licensing agreements with rights holders, because they are not considered liable for the content that their users upload
Did you even read your own link?
What does a French chavs look like stereotypically
Ridiculing our Queen and badmouthing our PM is another
Same-sex partnership (civil union) became legal in 1989 as the first of its kind of law
Didn’t we have some trouble because of the Muhammad Drawings
If you're in the area, take a day trip to Girona
08g CO2/kWh (analysis made by Sovacool and Valentine in *The National Politics of Nuclear Power: Economics, Security and Governance)
Lol, there was a kid called Loki
"Ah yes, the horse-fucking semi-demonic transvestite
Christian sellouts ;-)
Is it just me or is Denmark the only country in favor of Scenario 1?
They're free to do what they want, but if it was my government doing that I would want them out of office ASAP.
What about Turkey
Cuz they don’t take refugees, funnily enough
Most of Europe should be pretty easy to travel only knowing English, but if you want to see mountains you should probably stay out of Netherlands and Denmark, while you should probably stay out of Switzerland/Czechia would be pretty bad for surfing in the ocean.
* United Kingdom: France, Italy and United Kingdom are the three mainpillars of European culture, in my opinion
Why would you make that
Certainly explains the confusion
Homes were half rotten and some windows were even smashed, yet people still lived in them
74%  of   Australian  doctors overall believe circumcision should not be  offered,   and 51%  consider it abuse
**From Danish to English, version 2 (every word translated directly, but in a more confusing and comical way):**
That was my opinion until I got a garden
Easy to have a system throw up a "Ticket # hasn't returned in the return period" flag.
In many places Dane and Viking are almost synonymous here a thousand years later.
Skede (Swedish) = phase
Patty's Day, guys
What do you call entitled children/helicopter parents in your language
Get the kame F\*\*\*\*\*\* låså out
Would you agree on the latter rate as a compromise scenario?
What's even the point of reading the three sentence article, when I'm going to have to go to the English article afterwards
I would guess (as danish) that its most if not all of the immigrant that looks too old that get tested - its more an issue that there an error margin of (i as i remember) up to 2 years
I absolutely hate fish
For 10 you get a liter of milk, and for 100 you could get one of the cheap meals at McDonald's
Fingers crossed for y’all
Prut doesn't have a dual meaning in Swedish
As surprising as it may be, the rest of the world is not a mirror image of the USA.
It's definitely like that here
But you're right
You could just jump over it
Always come back to the non-translation of "Die Hard: With a Vengeance" to "Die Hard: Mega Hard".
Had/have nearly all of them, also alot of lucky luke and Tintin and  Iznogood :) its really what i read as a kid
We had it through 4-6th grade I think
What is a “major” event in your country, that no one from other countries seem to know of
*AAAAAAAAAAARGH
Here in Denmark it's very normal to have politics as dinner topic.
Very beautiful beaches
I think the reason the number is so high in Croatia is because religion is so closely connected to ethnicity in the Balkans so if you are a somewhat patriotic Croat it's natural to identify as a catholic simply because they consider it part of being a croat, not necessarily because they are very religious.
You know the ones, they are all over the place in Europe.
They constantly made comments, and once even verbally attacked a passing elderly man
Go to certain areas of Copenhagen and it's exactly the same.
As it is right now 99% of the users turn off roaming when traveling outside their home country because the price is insane!
List goes Norway-Iceland-Sweden-Germany
Once one gains power over the other, however, there is an inevitable conflict
I definitely think that years of immigration without much concern for cultural and economic integration, coupled with a global network of extremism and conservative dogmatism in the Muslim world has been hugely problematic
Don't make the mistake of letting a very small number of people dictate how you see a larger group of people.
He would go into Copenhagen with his prostitute lover Støvlet-Katrine ('Bootie-Cathrine') and drink at the seedy pubs and brothels until the early morning
As a person from Jylland living in Copenhagen, the last part rings so true
So that comes out to: nu kommer jeg
TECHNICALLY it's both Asian and European, but technically is so many other countries and you have to draw the line somewhere, afaik this sub considers turkey a part of Europe, but I might be remembering wrong
Same in Danish
Let's hang out and not drink together then
For example your restaurant make a meal, a German pays for it
Most tourists skip the island and either go to Copenhagen or Aarhus
For example, I would switch to the Norwegian or Swedish number systems when visiting these countries
Hvis du bare havde vidst hvilken voldsom hævn din lille "smarte" kommentar ville bringe på dig, ville du nok have tiet stille
Fantastic
... before taxes
Ribena is a part of the Japanese conglomerate Suntory, originally from the Medico company GSK in the UK
It limits the crimes of socialism to Stalin
Cooking, yeah
Denmark licking China's ass
More immigration (8 pages of questions regarding immigration).
You can't really be an internationalist without the nations
I have written this message on Danish first, and so translated each word to English for, so widely as possible, to preserve the words original placement in relationship to each other
Å - A smaller river
(Also it is spelled volapyk, with y not u. \[no actually u is right\*\])
Run before it's too late
Worry not about it
Jeg har været med i indtil flere topprioritetsøvelser, og opgaver på Vorbasse Marked, og har mere end 300 bekræftede parkeringer
It was never talked about a lot back then, the passengers (including kids) who lost their loved ones were told to just get over it
In today’s youth it’s whether you watched SKAM or not
YES this is the correct answer!
64ths, however, is an easy change
And they named this age of pillaging and attacking and raiding for the viking age
I can't believe this is getting upvoted.
Do you live near a tourist site, but you have never personally been
(They started the Moldovian track in the middle of the song)
Thats the full problem of dividing social policy in the right-left axis.
All these tourists, especially Americans will be like "yeah I visited Denmark it was really nice" and whn yoi ask them whoch places they visited they will just go "all around Copenhagen". As a Jutlander I cringe every time I hear about Americans visiting Denmark
I haven’t even been in Moscow in my entire life but I do very well the underground map of Moscow thanks to Metro 2033
During the day though
Before that, there would be people driving around knocking on doors asking people who didn't pay if they had a TV in the house
Didn't realize Czech republic have the best possible EU-Exit name
Reverse the () and [], that should fix the link
Bornholm is mostly remembered as a tourist-spot
You just made an enemy for life
Yeah it's because of us
* "Der er ugler i mosen" ( there is owls in the bog) - means when something is suspicious or suspicious things are happening
Depends a lot on what the CCP wants to do
I was five or so and it was my first vacation outside of Denmark
Italien - Italy
How else would you actually get a measurement of the average guy?
Bothered know which inside-flow that has on ours individuel world-sight, to we up-understand language so different from each other
I don't treat corporations as an entity capable of ethical evaluation of their actions (and liberally economical EU also doesn't).
But since suffering from cancer, and the treatment for it, is extremely painful, any placebo effect can have small reductions in pain felt by the patients, in exchange for virtually no side effects.
He let in a huge number of migrants now pulling Belgium down.
Copenhagen and Aarhus are obvious choices, but I'm going with the new [Køge Nord Station] It looks stunning
its crazy how many dialects there are just in my city(copenhagen) there alot of dialects that makes it possible to know which part of the city they are from
45 for a plain croissant
I think it's just a super conservative country
Personally if I were to point out any “cities” I’d mention the ones in southern Denmark close to the German border due to their much different dialect
The hardest is probably Dalarna
The girls these guys were chatting up were Swedish
Shit growing everywhere and through everything
Looks like an Austrian version of r/dankmark or r/DANMAG
Shhyyyyyyyy
Just how important are these languages for the Scottish culture and identity
I like how we all act so suprised and we all think they’re so noble
And I can get a huge apartment in loads of places in Jylland near big cities like Århus, for less than half the price of a tiny one-bedroom in Copenhagen and thus still have access to all that Copenhagen has to offer, just in Århus instead
Dutch is what they speak in Denmark right, the capital of Sweden
Are you now
> It is about a bunch of guys who live in southern Sweden that enjoy playing football and going to Denmark to beat UP danes
Very comfortable place to live but not very exciting at all
Just more unique than similar to someone else I would imagine.
And yet, when they're fined, there's still a bunch of people who are more than happy to defend these assholes
Russian Military History 102: *definitions of summer.*
Haha
The numbers for "a-kasser" (unemployment insurance) is almost exactly 2,2 million (2,202,999), even though many unions also have unemployment insurance, there are also many that are independent
The king tried to Anschluss Schleswig-Holstein in 1920 but the parliament and the people pretty much told him to fuck off or they'd abolish the monarchy.
Yet we have free university, healthcare, and just generally higher standards of living for the general populace
Norwegian
But nothing's really been pulled because it was directly bad taste
I think you mean [Øresundsbron](www.oresundsbron.com) :-)
I think I'd just refuse outright
We were travelling the country for a couple of weeks, started of in Napoli and wanted to cross the country (we had seen other parts of the western part before) and thought why have we never heard of Taranto
The only language worse than ours is Swedish.
The scare about whether they're dangerous to eat is pseudoscientific nonsense.
:-(
Same for me, I thought I'd make it further down the list, but I've honestly never heard of Zaragoza
You have rights whether you are a citizen or not, it's only certain privileges that require citizenship like voting or running for public office.
It's very violent but fun
We just call it mail where I’m from
All because we have to be more "social".... The thing is, we still have our computers
I first noticed it in Europa Universalis 4 (PC game) and I always try to help Friesland out in my games now.
Yeah
Sure to non-Americans, that might not be very obvious, but the Cato Institute is a pretty well-known libertarian think-tank, so if you are just slightly politically interested, it should not be a hidden fact
But this graph doesn't count power imported from other countries, only power generated
” (“That’s great
Røget ørred i Rødovre
Laid back - sunshine reggae
The first part I don't mind (the people who do get offended by its very existence worry me very much)
Absolutely
At one point you bordered a Poland under king from Sweden (well, a german house ruling sweden) and Hungary under Austrians (basically germans) at the same time.
But yes, would be more fitting if it was here in Denmark
Being Christian is not enough to be an European
Don't go there with a MAGA cap, far right symbols in general or look Jewish
Glærius
Arabian Spring + Syrian crisis = huge surge in refugees, and immigrants.
I too hope we will never have a military confrontation with Turkey, but if it would happen of course we would stand behind Greece.
Danish
They don't really ensure stability or really decide much of anything though
Merci mes amis
Yeah, [those are Swedish actually]
> No, Thanks to the NHS, the police force, The Fire and Rescue Services, To the Care system
Not sure if they have special stories but I'm fascinated by article rebracketing: *apron*, *adder*, *nickname* and *umpire* are all examples of article fuck ups
; we need to be a little nuanced as well)
Swedish and Norwegian
We're coming to help
The continent of Asia is litterally named after the peninsula that Turkey occupies.
I think we are 3 in my class of 10 boys with long hair (including me)
`Peder` is pretty old
It's can truly be hell to write Danish (or Norwegian) names sometimes
You may think less of me but I completely believe in equality, but I know that some ancient institutions won't change there ways, places like Mount Athos and the blue mosque.
It's pretty sad since Finland often sends very fun and good songs
So after half a year i finally finished the project
Interesting if you search 'actual definition' on google, one of the definitions is that actual can mean current, with a source of the oxford dictionary, but the oxford dictionary explicitly says that this is not correct
To be fair, I dated an English guy for a couple of years and had very close friends in college that were international, so I've used English a lot
Again, this doesn't prove they illegally immigrated, just that they lied about their age to get a few more benefits.
* Has your view of Spain changed during the Corona virus crisis
I love the language, the culture, the social system.
I'm happy for Norways happiness.
My oldest sibling is 7 years younger and she moved out when she was around 21 and that seemed late
) but when that happens everything gets a bit lighter from all the white snow
Next some socialist is gonna tell you the free market is a right wing conspiracy.
That last bit is not even a right-wing position - it has been the position of the liberals for decades, but now that it suits them, suddenly they all seem to have complete faith in the CIA.
I can't imagine they spent *all* the time sleeping at night, but we made sure he was well stocked up on condoms, and had faith in him being a reasonable young man
I think the Swedish left party as well as your social democrats have had a much bigger base and involvement from the rural areas from the start, whereas the Danish left wing parties have been more dominated by students, academics and workers from the few big industries that were centralised in the biggest cities
Quite to the contrary
Even in Denmark -- where we love our bicycles -- we often exclude bicycle paths when building stuff like this
Depending on how much time you got, you might want to go even further south to the Balkans.
Like a sort of cultural self-castration
There's an element of cultural appropriation to it.
Helps explain why homicide might occur
I think the word "atheist" (ateist) can be a bit loaded, though, because many people think it means "antitheist". Because of that, whenever the topic of religious affiliations come up (for example when I have to tell people why I'm not confirmed), I often find it easier to just call myself a "nonbeliever" (ikke troende)
Actually, that’s not entirely true
In Denmark they have already been back a month or so and there is pretty safe here too
And it has to stop, so they can have a future without being/feeling blamed for the past
N - Kvælstof
Absolutely
All of those words just look so Polish except for bohater for some reason
Denmark have historically been complicit as well in channeling wast sums off money from Eastern Europe.
In Denmark you havde food for your guests, unless you explicitly tell them, that they bring their own
Depending on the dialect, no
Absolute shitshow that one
First time I hear of this, that's not at all the common conception, from pundits or fans - people know 92 was a once in a life time fluke
No more complaining about giving money to brussels, plus it's a great incentive for the EU to keep loopholes closed.
I'm merely repeating what the government officials told us
No, gulebøj means yellow bend
I don’t like beer and handball leaves med cold
> As you can imagine it was crazy for an outsider like me
I can only wonder why he went to Finland in the first place, if that's what he thought it was like
Please make a fucking argument if you are gonna reply
If you mean "If I encounter this animal I'm in danger
You shoot at ships if they don't behave
If you take away the symbolism of nations you don't really have nations left
They can basically fuck over the entire country if they wanted to - and most would support them
I feel like all of Scandinavia dislikes Sweden
I’ve been there a couple of times, it’s really worth a visit
I did and it changes nothing, I don't think it's fair that a Romanian (or any other nationality) can go to Denmark for medical treatment for example, even if that person is not illegally in Denmark.
Are there no domestic movie making about Ireland at all
It's a myth that Danish has more English loanwords than Norwegian and Swedish
Flag cap
Using dead bodies to further your agenda.
You're reading too much American media.
The other one is us
Beyond that, Nazi jokes about Germany, surrender jokes about France, and the increasing amount of vitriol being thrown at Russians
The Kingdom of Iceland was independent in the union with the Kingdom of Denmark
Most people start drinking around age 15-16, and with the purchasing age of light alcoholic beverages being 16, it's roughly the same
As for the rest
You leave me no choice but to assume that you are correct.
Curling
In the suburbs, you're usually not outright friends with them - you just stop to chat for a minute if you both happen to be in your driveways at the same time, and maybe you'll ask them if they can water the plants in your front yard while you're away or something
Depends on what you mean by “Not originally from Europe”, because both of my parents are Danish
It certainly wouldn't have the backing up the US, China and Russia, because other nations could force their views on them.
Funny thing, if I search on creativecommons & Bach -[ I find a lot
§19 som der henvises til siger eksempelvis at det er Kongen, der bestemmer på udenrigsområdet
At least in the Danish folklore I've heard/read he does
One lasted half a year and saw 10000 dead
It's just seen as fun and nothing else, and both parties know that
Honestly, I'd say that's worth it for pretty much every European capital.
Someone owns the land and has a cost associated with it
I would rather say that they are influential as part of the institutions of the country
Mine is still Paludan
Ideologically, yes, but practically, no.
It was called the Muhammed-crisis
The irony of you're comment being downvotet properly isn't obvious to the ones doing it, have an upvote mate.
and stations are pretty close to each other so it'll always be hard to get any real speed going.
That's funny, we get a lot of British crime drama
I live on the peninsula in the second largest city Århus and it's pretty much as left wing as Copenhagen.
It feels a bit unempathic to write this, but I honestly feel sadder about this than when a celebrity I like dies
The intent of coercing the children into regular daycare (along with pretty much every other kid in Denmark) is absolutely not to deny a family their culture or religion, but to teach the kids about the society will be growing up in
Not a single Right/Conservative/Liberal party in Denmark would declare support for Romney which is completely in sink with what the Danish population thinks, as they had a +90% support for Obama.
I my history classes we were taught about this
This is not about me Nigel, this is about you and country and your inability to *get your shit together*.
Literally the same thing (a crunchy meatball), but the name is the most significant cultural divide of Denmark
The queen recieved a letter from the foresters in 2007 saying that the oaks were ready for her navy.
It does actually hold me back at times because I think sounds so bad
They are probably the reason why we are able to sustain the Nordic Model, but not the sole reason why we even got it
I'd finally be able to speak properly
Like with ores, caves etc
The Finnish name for Sweden, for instance, is "Ruotsi", which is probably derived from the same word
Take notes Canada
Always come back to the non-translation of "Die Hard: With a Vengeance" to "Die Hard: Mega Hard".
No, but on a serious note
Sønderjylland
Then she slept with him and he said yes, you can get all the land you can plough in one night
Although you are correct that the university of Bologna is by far the oldest legal institution in Europe, and while the universities of Uppsala and Copenhagen were not founded until 1477 and 1479 respectively - they're still among only a handful of universities founded before the 1500's.
Yeah I know I'm about 20 years your senior and my hair and beard is greying, but come on
It kind of just looks like you're an outsider practicing whataboutism on r/Europe.
It is sometimes cheaper to take a flight across the channel rather than a train
Ordet malm är besläktat med mala och förekommer även som efterled, till exempel i stadsdelsnamn som Norrmalm.
But most companies chose to accept you, cause It’s basically free labour for a few days
But I don't think that the people in southern Jutland wears poppies to commemorate that
It’s not very big in Denmark/Sweden, which is a shame because it’s so much fun to play, and not as dangerous as many people think
This is not stuff that the world nor Danish citizens need to be exposed to in this way
With that said, I like the thought tho
To protect its Euro peg it stopped issuing debt in foreign currencies, and just used the reserves it had in the national bank.
Generally I’d say we’re being bullied by our neighbors to the north/east
Stop with the personal attacks
They may think that we're actively ignoring them or don't like foreigners or whatever when we're the exact same way with people from our own country.
Even if you do, you can pull a Sweden and just kinda not adopt the Euro
I see Dutchmen as passionless VOC employees with no joy in life aprt from profit and tulips, is that entirely wrong
If it's a sit-down type interview you'll always use a lapel mic (and cap it with a colour or shade that matches the cloth it's up against).
&nbsp;
We do actually use the more straight forward numbering like in English, when writing checks
If anything I view it as a positive.
Must be a day ending in -y" is basically how I feel.
I'm still disappointed that Höfer didn't win, but good luck to Van der Bellen.
Facebook would have to get a license from a news agency to be allowed to have links to that agency's site
Except for the obvious difference of a Danish flag and the garden being in Denmark.
When you call them racist, misogynist, sexist etc you literally refuse to acknowledge their grievences by rendering them fringe, by refusing to even listen to their points of view you are reducing the dialogue to pure rejection of everything that doesnt stick with whats currently allowed in political correctness or rightthink.
Urgh
I gotta admit, I'm in [this] camp, more than anything
Just because Russia does it, does not mean that the representative that has been elected is implicated in that though.
Personally I've found that loads of employers prefer my RUC background because I'm used to big complicated projects, group work and interdisciplinary work
Baggins is "Sækker" in danish which means "to put something in a bag"
The high-ranking diplomats were speaking under the Chatham House rule, which allows their comments to be reported, but not directly attributed.
That is a good question, i think i should specify country capitals, as i would otherwise lose too many bigger non-country capital cities
When we die in Denmark, we "stiller træskoene" which means: we place our clogs
I mean you're not wrong, but Hitler kinda changed that
It basically sounds like mumbled Danish
Not convinced it's an issue needing a solution though, except perhaps if it negatively affects some people in various ways if they lack a positive body image (oh and the expenses related to building private showers I guess)
And the final thing, [here's a map of Japan, that you used as an example as a comparable place to Scandinavia earlier] I placed a marker smack dab in Tokyo, and if you see on the right map, you can see that it lies on the latitude as Tangier in Morocco
Merry christmas fellow Europeans
We've done away with the formal pronouns, so there is only one way to address others
I agree Lund would be a fantastic place to remembering his memory.
They're still not running fully, and will be obsolete before they ever start running
Why do we have 80-year-olds in politics
It's just that the statue is uninteresting
We should stop the demand before the supply.
Came here to make this sentiment
Well Dannevirke, amongst other forts, were built by the first kings with the specific goal of seperating the jutes (first Danish kingdom was Jutish, not specifically Danish) and the saxons living in north of Germany (who now live in saxony mainly).
Edit: Jylland in general - country people who hate Copenhagen with a burning passion
I spend the time listening to podcasts, audiobooks, and the occasional Spotify
Or perhaps Kolding
'Le 'ord
Sure but it's certainly very suspicious.
You can have psychiatric problems and still commit acts of violence for political ends.
I wouldn't say that's how they present it in Denmark atleast not in media
Only talk to driver if you’re buying a ticket
Thanks
How does it work plot-wise
The skinny guy is actually called cannabis
North-Germanic languages are interesting to me, as I grew up with Danish as a second language, and to see the similarities in Norwegian and Swedish has always amused me.
I am actually surprised to see that Monaco has a monarchy
And also in the UK, France and Holland.
I would love to see that
Aldi (North/Denmark) isn't that high to reach for.
I understand Norwegian better then Sønderjysk or Bornholmsk
I mean the two of our countries could...
Except for other danes
* 1945 to present
What exactly do you think more funding for scientist would have done to stop this outbreak
So I googled it - because I'm taking a masters in history, so I was very confused when I'd never heard about him being called "Christian den gode" and here's what I found (loosely translated) from [Danmarkshistorien
It's also used for absolutely every type of celebration
"Victory") is remembered as one of the greatest Danish kings, in part because of crusading in Estonia
We are almost as bad as Italy what the fuck.
Feelscoldman
It's always nice when these kinda projects go great, and find support in the community
There is an awful lot of 'eastern retards' here in Denmark.
Do you mean Swedish
isn't it that small minority swedish they found in a valley somewhere, that's actually closest
You chose not to be
It's a good way to promote unions
Surely Australians should blame the Australian government if they don't want them to dig up coal
ouch
100 years ago, many of those other buildings everyone likes were modern
You need a permit to raise another countrys national flag, except the other Nordic countries or the EU or UN flag
My stepbothers (a couple of years younger than me) were sent to summer camps a couple of times in the 90s
Being easily manipulated and having no grasp of his duties and the power struggles around him, he gave up on his duties
Russian honestly
As far as I know, we only have one located in CPH Airport
Don't you swallow the last k?
I don't owe a person calling us "eurocunts" shit, enjoy Trump you deserve him.
How does that work
Danish has more phonemes than Norwegian, by a fair bit
Ok, Carlsberg is shit, some American beers are good, if not fantastic.
i didn’t know it was 112 europe wide
Having known her, I can't say I'm surprised, as I'm aware that my grandfather's mother thought she was "a bad girl" and told my grandfather not to date a "wild girl like that", as she drove a motorbike and had very short hair
Yes, some are historical, others are political/sensational
- Learn English because everybody does
Two large cases were recently dug up from 10+ years ago, because who knows why
I was there like eight years ago but only really saw the Rijksmuseum but I'm curious if there is more
The dude meant well and had a good message, but yeah he sounded hillarious speaking english
He must declare an election before 17th of June 2019.
I've heard of problems with the Norwegian Rema 1000, and it's funny that it's the complete oposite in Denmark
I think that's a bad idea
I’m visiting the Faroes in December (if corona allows) and was worried I would seem rude if I just speak Danish
Which doesn't even make sense, considering your government tried to silence the media and hide police reports during the migrant crisis, but hey, let's just ignore that.
Many of the cars assembled in Britain use parts made in Germany; parts that are not easily reproduced.
But also one of the countries with the highest suicide rate
We describe everything with it, just like the Dutch
We are extremely flat
We have as many oral exams as written tests, and we only start having them when we’re 14 ish, like once a year
But then also remember im just a guy on the internet and you should take my advice with a grain of salt
Well I know that I don’t have the knowledge of croat, on this topic
Dane: Swede
Come on, it doesn't make sense to have the capital in a motorway rest stop
Another thing is perhaps the relation between the size and how manoeuvrable the country is
Morten Løkkegaard (Venstre) (NO/YES)
But why did you loan more money than you could pay?
To be fair, its a terrible opinion and in large parts of Stockholm we have already seen the result of this way of thinking.
With a name like that you can’t not be a Wizard
Flat terrain, bad weather, lots of bikes and pretty free spirited people
But in Minecraft
First time I hear of this, that's not at all the common conception, from pundits or fans - people know 92 was a once in a life time fluke
I was not looking for a job and only knew of two unemployed people in my social circle.
They also bribe half the political apparatus in the West, especially in US, UK, France and Germany.
They only released a blurred photo of him.
Norway is very very lovely, i have been several times and i want to go there again
000 = 1 trillion/billion
huh, most of the Nazi jokes and stuff comes from my German flatmates.
It's the last "meal"but it's not uncommon to grab a snack later on, but usually not a full meal
A kind of potato and sausage stew that is completely unknown in Sweden.
Lots and lots of fond memories from then and several visits since then.
Now I'm really curious
**Home Cooking and easy healthy options**, was most certainly rare in the US
Saying "det orker jeg ikke" basically means: "I am to tired/lazy/indifferent to even consider doing this or that, so stop nagging me and piss off.
We don't know how many of them fell down over the years, we just see the ones that made it and is now being supported by modern engineering
For the same reason that tipping is expected in the US: it's just how things have traditionally worked, and now it's become part o the business model.
> but how often do you discuss distances in thousands of kilometers so megameters will have some logical sense in such a case
Written Danish and Norwegian (Bokmål) are so identical you won’t always notice that it’s not, in my case, Danish
What’s your country’s hard-to-swallow pill
Unfortunately
It'd be like English counties going independent.
I love how one child is wearing hearing mufflers
I'm going to assume that its your English which is causing the confusion.
You dont have enough seats
That flag was given to us by the grace of God!
I guess banter with your mates is also done 'med et glimt i øjet'.
Circumcision releases large amounts of cortisol in developing brains which has a negative impact, it decreases sexual pleasure, circumcised men have a higher chance of getting erectile dysfunction, most health organizations in the world with statements on circumcision are opposed to circumcising children
"sikke" is easier to pronounce than "vilket", in my opinion
Thanks
Probably not as much as in the anglosphere, but I'm sure it exists
I am really uncomfortable with them
DK = Denmark
Most pizzarias in Scandinavia  are owned by either Turks or Arabs
It's hard to really hate it and there's nothing that really stands out enough about it to make it particularly beautiful either
Never let a tragedy go to waste.
But having to pay taxes to transfer to proto-authoritarian regimes like Poland and Hungary, makes my blood boil
What the hell does it matter if Radikale Venstre SAYS they support education spending when on the other hand they're voting to cut it!?
Yeah I know it's just borrowed, I'm only joking
I tried to explain to her that that was the extreme *bare minimum* for a lot of jobs, at least in the field I wanted to get into, which was why I was taking my Master's at the time
I've never thought that people can't ride their bicycles, especially because i cycle 15+km daily
KONG CHRISTIAN STOD VED HØJEN MAST
In Denmark we say “Du glade kineser” it means “You happy Chinese” and has the same meaning as yours, it isn’t used much anymore either
I know her personally
Meanwhile, with guns it's just pulling a trigger and you roll the dice
Denmark has the oldest flag still in use
How dumb do you have to be to do a pro-fascism march less than 20 years after WW2
It was traditionally the amount of farmland that you could sow with 1 barrel of seeds
Yes though I learned it pretty late at around 7
) and got accepted as a team member when they found out I would drink and sing with the rest of them
Agreed
Jokes are sometimes hard to discern from serious comments on the internet.
That might be it, I love coffee and espresso but drinking an espresso is an 3 second enjoyment and I like a proper cup that last at least a couple of minutes.
Its my first time traveling like this.
So I guess there is only sentiment against their being too many of them at our beach
But to expect that a religion changes it's moral code is the opposite of freedom of religion
We can generally tell just by "what sounds right". In some cases, with new additions to the language mostly, there will be some disagreement about what should be the correct article, but overall we just know by "instinct".
Anything else went out of style 50 years ago or so
Asians are people from asia
The barrol, also used quite alot
\- Legalized cannabis
you’re lucky øresund wasn’t frozen when you crossed
Are you aware USA organized a coup against a democratic elected government in Iran to instate the Shah?
That is how it always is haha
Also, this is interesting:
&#x200B;
Its actually so fuccing annoying
Most countries use that as their legal definition, though.
Username checks out for this
I fail to see how they can ever make it work.
having it be closed
>I always learned in my history class that you called him Christian the good
Seems like a Good way to end that tradition
where do you get your meat from
We just insist that every little inbred city has it own unique accent nobody really understands
In danish it went wedra(proto germanic)-> veðr(Norse) -> vejr(danish)
If that is correct, I don't like them
Denmark's current government consists of the party that got the third most votes at the election in the summer (though they are usually the biggest or second biggest party).
Special doctors office establishing period
A bunch of local farmers and knights banned together to try and oust the Germans and the hero Niels Ebbesen killed Grev Gert in his sleep, during a heist to try and take back the city
I'm Danish though, and work with languages as my job while I study Scandinavistics at university, plus I had 8 years of German in School
" What you're doing is wrong, what they're doing is wrong
Jump ~ Climb over
There will always be people who didn't think to bring enough water in this heat and who cba to walk to a store
You would say, I need to go on/to the barrol - jeg skal på tønden
If you destroy something, you reduce it to nothing:
Would you be okay if EU investions billions in order to have European made smartphones?
I mean Dutch chicks are pretty hot, so I'm sure we could arrange something ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º.
Nah, this is an American site and sarcasm is banned :-)
Pontic Greek alive and well (sadly not) in northern Anatolia.
Those two flags are pretty much a prime example of the "Can I copy your homework
Business is warning that they are saying no to orders because of lack of workers and if something is not done to address this issue the industry could be hurt badly.
Groceries a bit but I don’t pay anything towards mortgage or rent
Could somebody explain what effect a no would have on the EU/Italy relationship?
In the USA
Affording the same amount of respect to the person who cleans the toilets as to the person who owns the company
You would say, I need to go on/to the barrol - jeg skal på tønden
Most US i would probably recognise when I heard then though, so there would be no need to clarify
Because Muslims are so good at overrepresenting themselves in crime and shitty behaviour.
But iOS still have the majority of market share in Denmark
One year anniversary of the Bataclan and Paris attacks.
Where istan is like in Pakistan
Fuck
in denmark kebab pizza is this, but with lettuce, tomato and cucumber
Norwegians are usually easier to understand as we share more words with them than we do with the Swedes
You also learn about vases, statues and temples and how to tell them apart (Archaic, Hellenistic and so on)
For me it´s Danish, even before I moved here
I’m interested
Because he is the scum of the earth.
624 vs 625
Count Gert faced a rebellion from local former knights and squires, one of them a squire called [Niels Ebbesen] One night Ebbesen's men (47 in total) burned some barns around the city, drawing the counts men out the city gates to check the situation
> the original Max Payne
’ I taped a guy, and he filled three beers in 11 seconds
It is a tool to use if the leaders (dictators) of a nation declares a trade embarco against France
You are right, I’m just so used to call them international students since that is what they are called at my university
Skygge: shadow
Now I live in Denmark and the process of updating your address is not only much easier, but you also get fined if you don't report a change of address, so everyone does it
ANSI is more or less US English layout, the Dutch Keyboard layout is also based off of this no ISO
You mean like Lebanon, a country of around 5 million, which has already taken *several million* refugees?
The law is not to be made or written for the special benefit of any man, but according to all their best interests, who live in the land
They absolutely lost their rag because a newspaper in our country posted a satirical cartoon of a Chinese flag with yellow coronavirus particles instead of stars
Do you drop by for 5 minutes checking "Top" every morning to check the threads, or do you sort through "New" to help answer as many questions you can every evening, doesn't matter
3 natural, 7 manmade
Always happy to see the Nordic Countries on this sub ;)
As a museum, though, it's pretty boring
80 would be firs (from firsindstyve)
This is what a danish hotdog looks like, pretty tasty had one this evening.
It's a great webpage in general, they have some neat articles
I am organised, even now, while studying, I am active in the labour movement
I don't use mine very often, but I am pretty sure everyone I know has one somewhere in their kitchen cabinets
Instagram and Twitter too
And yeah we don’t small talk on the street much, and don’t use many politeness phrases (none of that last part bothers me personally though)
I thought that too, couldn't undetstand: why is Norrway in percent and the rest not, then something visual happend
In the Slavic ones, in the early 90'ies it wasn't uncommon for people to ask me if "we also had problems with the Jews" and when I stared blankly at them and answered "eehm, no", they would laugh and say "we do".
Except Danes, who like to think that we are number one there
Slightly different spelling in Danish: må ikke tildækkes
I can't speak for Swedish history, but Sigurd Snake in the eye is not considered the first King of Denmark
At that time IKEA also had its headquarters in Denmark before it moved to the Netherlands
* Primary school, years 0-9, age 5-6, though year 0 is optional.
However most lollipops costs 3,5 kr
Regular Danes view it as a place to go on vacation and the huge problems with debt.
This creates this unique looking landscape
I think that all Universities here are seen as more or less equally prestigious
I don’t know if my definition of cursive is different, or we simply stopped teaching it early here in Scandinavia, but I am 40 years old and it was never taught in school
> Also, most of those US gun deaths are suicides, the sad fact is that a suicide very likely to succeed if you use a gun
We're NATO's gatekeepers for the whole baltic sea
Krummerup: crumb town
They aren't nominated by politicians but rather by an independent council based on their merits
Everybody I know, knows how to bike
This is because it’s so often overclouded and dark even when it’s summer, so by law, it’s far safer if they’re always on
Copenhagen is pretty chilly in late november.
Much cheaper and at least as good.
Vikings poking fun of Brexit in the danish newspaper today
And in my expirence it's like that with all the town rivalries
About 12-15 minutes on bike, mostly through a single central neighborhood in Copenhagen
Take your card out of your jacket when you step on the bus people
Loven er vedtaget på dette grundlag
Couldn't you basically collect/send all the parts to someone in Denmark, and then have them ship a combined box to you
I can bulletproofly detect it 100% of the time, but usually I can get an idea if a person is swedish.
Stop with the personal attacks
That really changed alot about the identity
Its in danish, but when it came out, a guy in reddit translated the subtitles into English
I was also considering the Island of Bornholm
It should be the same, really
> is a fucking jam
It's not a landmark in Copenhagen
Again, don't know if other countries have that as well
They are in theory cheaper to repair and service, but the windmills are growing huge.
Eggs from the store have a practically squeaky clean texture compared to the homegrown eggs I've been eating lately, which have a more rough shell texture
Not this time, 2016
* At the latest, six months after the proposed change has been approved (twice) by parlament, it must be put to a public vote
Nothing is random, everything is part of the design
This looks like the place the music video for "Stereo Love" was recorded
How long has it been there
also, i've been taught english in school since 4th grade and more and more english is being springled into our language
Things like having "fucking rooms" in hippie community where children were allowed to watch their parents
Hvis man ikke skriver Aalborg, burde man udvises
DTU excel in engineers, but DIKU and ITU are top Computer Science schools
So I have a green plastic box with all ny books, that I don't have to bring home for homework
Ragnar Lothbrok
how is the temperature in valencia in january/february?
Cape Town = Kapstaden
But they have zero connection to the "historical Macedonia".
What happens if I cancel the reservation once inside Ecuador?
What about Odense
So if that's what you're after I don't see it happening in my lifetime.
Rest is just meh compared
Should have happened 30 years ago, but better late than never
Seems pretty Scandinavian to me
So one does not rule out the other.
Only Eurocrats and federalists are so delusional that they can't see that.
Yeah its getting 13 degrees today
I'm pretty sure most accidents are caused by lapse of attention
Ah, I was wondering why you were thinking we would be forcefully sterilizing immigrants
maybe 0,5% or even 1% if you have saved enough.
[Looks like something straight out of the eastern bloc
damn straight proud not to be a push over swede
000 DKK a month for reference (again, before taxes)
For instance, most people would say that it is free to drive on public (non-toll) roads
but you can find non-unionised work without any restrictions wages.
And as for regional tourism, it’s still quite an uncommon phenomenon in most of Eastern Europe, as can be witnessed by the relatively small airports there (the airport just here in Copenhagen is significantly bigger than the biggest airport in the all of the eastern EU states (which is Warsaw Chopin))
We feel left out
They exist but no one uses it
Excuse me, but what do you mean
Europe are the ones having to deal with the result as usual.
If the stockmarket were made to remember that there is no guarantee that poorly run businesses would be bailed out, then perhaps we wouldn't have seen this ballooning wealth disparity we have witnessed over the past 20-35 years
Every time I visit I see more and more Nordic and international company buildings
Every computer system ends up not working, and going over budget
I am not an expert of either Turkish or German conditions, but my probably simplified view is:
It's like many of these big companies will go to any length to not have to pay taxes and to ignore regulations
Our skin has adjusted to the amount of sun we are exposed to
100 years after Hitler was born
Welp not everyone is familiar with writing/typing out alphabets with diacritic marks, especially if they're not native to the language.
Not particularly friendly at all
Socializing in Danish is literally impossible for me, and I look like an idiot IRL
Just make sure to get there in the evening when most of the adult employees have gone home
Those damn north Jutlanders infected with Mink
Græde (Danish) = cry
For Denmark, the only one I can really think of is Lars Mikkelsen, the brother of Mads Mikkelsen
, which is 0
Norway and Finland for sure
I simply say that you can't compare confirmed cases with confirmed cases PLUS probable cases
my mother uses like spices from all over the world
[The trouble is that we don't say what we write]
no idea
I have and you might be right
Maybe not idolized though
We simply rock ;)
Even though the queens were not monarchs by blood I suppose they became monarchs through their marriage (correct me if I'm wrong)
" because that's what they all say and it sounds so strange
It's like a giant scope
If countries like France, Spain, Italy, Netherlands, Poland were to follow UK and leave, it would ruin much of the unity that has characterized Europe post ww2
There are always exceptions, but apart from "When addressing a superior in the Army" or "Addressing another member of parliament from the speaker's stand" you're good
I kinda wish they had either taken it down earlier or later though, you can't make it seem like you give in to the hashtag mob these days as they'll only see it as a motivation to keep moaning
Denmark passed a law in 1985 that was supposed to ban the use of corporal punishment, so parents could no longer legally beat their children, but it was worded so vaguely that it was in dispute if parents were only obliged to keep others from using corporal punishment against their children or if they had to keep their children safe from all violence, even their own
Seriously - we've had like *one* week of 25°+ weather, all other weeks being these grey and cloudy 18° days
Personally I find it infuriating how it often starts going into fantasy land and the counter-fetish does the exact same (such as with /u/freakzilla149).
&#x200B;
It is a term used to criticize our society and culture.
I should add the caveat "countries that haven't at one point been part of the same country as Denmark".
Once, I think it was Odense Zoo who killed a giraffe publicly, which is completely normal practice, foreign media really blew it out of proportions
> Maybe hygge too, but the Dutch have their gezelligheid and the Germans are gemütlich, so it's not really unique
that is of course if said persons are friends, i dont think people just talk randomly to random people
(A "region" is simply put a "super municipality" with ~1 mill
They are going by the EU list
I read the first part and was about to call you really old
As part of the danish jury, our 12 points go to
So was communism and fascism, what is you're point?
Using the Roman Empire as a standard for what is European or not is problematic as best
2009
christmas, new year's eve, anniversaries, whatever
She wrote to him in prison, they became “great friends”, she had a rocket and his signature tattooed on her arm and whined in public about how her family didnt want shit to do with her after finding out
Bro think about us northerners
So assuming a flight-time of 2-3 hours from your major city to London.
I am sorry what
I think it would look good
We're way too mature for that stuff
We need to build a wall towards Germany, and Germany's gonna pay for it
This is like saying "I sure hope a **Jew**
Normally you would say søjler (pillars) instead.
3443% to be excact; the highest in the world.
Ludo, Uno and Matador
I find beauty in the huge variations in the different dialects around the country
Partly because if there is going to be a terrorist attack in Denmark it'll be in Copenhagen and I live far away.
So I think your numbers might be a bit old
That man was fighting; you really have to give him credit for that
And that's why it doesn't feel German
Denmark started allowing dual citizenship in 2015, and I think most people are ambivalent to the change
Why
So I would probably say something like Jutland if I have to be honest, but it seems rather extreme
Sneakers and suit pants
Sort of
I don't see that as rude at all and certainly not as a bad thing
Every party in favor of the border control takes great pride in the fact that they do it to keep out those pesky muslims
It makes sense it would get chosen as a nationality for a character for children’s show from another continent over Denmark
Latvia = Letland
I'll have to do something about that.
I may have missed some
Oh no, not at all
A lot of sinks here have a little grate on top of the drain so you’ll empty that out most of the time, but if you’ve been peeling  carrots or something I find people often use paper towels
Was just in Stockholm over the summer actually
How much was left of the town after WW2?
Maybe
I've got major social anxiety whenever I'm speaking Danish
He was primarily king of Belgium/King of Belgians or how they title themselves
That's not always a good thing
Other than the Stockholm bloodbath, I have no idea what other stuff he has done and I probably know more history than the average Dane
Are you trying to brush off criticism of AJ as possible "islamophobia"?
Save the part with the immigrants I address below, none of their actions seem in any way offensive or harmful towards you or really anyone but themselves
Then 5-7 days to explore the east/south side of the island including Taroko, Kenting, national parks and I would also recommend Green Island.
All great games
For Jutland, I would say Struer
This would be like a dream coming true
Until they stop making planes so much artificially cheaper I really don’t think it’s fair to scold the common person for choosing flying
Damn
It seems like getting hit while in Spain is a universal experience
At least you two change climate somewhat, we just go from the northern/central European mud pit to the western European mudpit
That's not a Nordic thing though, that's a human thing
Then stop just making empty claims and give the guy some actual examples of what you're saying.
(If people support Hitler, they are per definition idiots, we agree 100% on that.) but the nationalistic and populist parties gain traction evrytime you censor normal people's opinion (and yes I'd say 1/4 of all voting grownups are normal people)
Outside of NI troubles, bad American tech companies and tax heaven, Ireland is rarely mentioned here, and it's not really portrayed as a country, you need to take seriously in politics, unlike countries like Holland and Austria
*This inter-nordic provocation was brought to you by Denmark gang*
So Greece is actually gonna *keep* the kebab?
We just mix it up and pronounce it with a soft d instead
Which was way too much
Of course, that is understandable
If not actually worse
Stupidity is difficult to eradicate.
In Sweden “frukost” is breakfast, that caused a few confusions
How are you supposed to speak if you don't have thirty-two different vowels?
And yes, xenophobia (and a certain prideful ignorance) is definitely a particular fault of the rural
It does not speak very positively of circumcision at all
If you don't study with people, then the most common way to get friends is through work or joining something related to a hobby
Neither are our other gender, which is called genderless
And don't forget Høm (poop)
Does anyone know someone called ganja
One thing is for certain all countries mentioned is expected to grow, some are just expected to grow faster
Everyone I know who works in leather says you guys are the best
Muh polish people stealing muh jaaabs.
But if it actually doesn't achieve that much, wouldn't it be better to find a crowdfunding project, that actually would, so people not only would feel like they help changing something, but actually *would* change something
I have a feeling many would just assume it's American, so if you said I'm from Victoria, Ontario or  Queensland, they'd know it's not in the UK, so
Principal was fuming
> That is probably the most common way to use wood heating, as an excess heating method
Yeah, and if you do, you need to stab repeatedly
My parents always wanted us to bike everywhere when I was growing up, but I've really come to enjoy it
> This guy keeps the whole government in check and nothing happens without his consent and he is not even the Prime Minister or President
And greatness
I guess Russia will be Russia, but not much else
But yay, larger cities
At least that was my experience ...
I did not say "I can categorically prove that no such areas exist".
Awesome :-)
So I don't really identify with the city or the area where I live
in the 1800s it was common to simply wear them all the time, to indicate you were a student - that happened both at university and 'high school'. In the original Nøddebo Præstegård script from 1862, for example, its mentioned that Nikolaj and his brothers all wear them
No there are always many other producers.
The nature is pretty cool, the towns...
Happened in my town last year too
I was shocked by the amount of trash and graffiti
I would be fine in the nordics, Spain, and somewhat Germany
Based on a popular comic book series.
The example I always give people to show how far the 'languages' are from each other is the word for the wheelbarrow
> Devils Hole is a window into this vast aquifer and an unusual indicator of seismic activity around the world
Even better is Danish "forgårs", basically like saying 'fore-yesterday" in English
Yea
It looks like someone did that after because the text doesn't fit the style of the picture
This means wages have stagnated, or fallen, for many workers, not to mention, Denmark is a country without much labour-legislation, so a lot of rights and securities have disappeared as well
* The share of heterosexual users has also fallen, 5 percentage-points, from roughly 75% to roughly 70%.
aldi here in Denmark is utter shit
I like the lack of football being mentioned, I assume you are not Welsh in which case you should have mentioned it.
Fyn - as the middle island it’s just a road bump
I'm merely repeating what the government officials told us
Nice and easy to read
The inhaling "yes" is (in my experience) more common in dialects from Fyn and some parts of Jylland
War between the US and China, for example, is in no ones interest, even if you don't consider the potential of nuclear war, because of the way both countries economies relies on each other
Great novel taking place during hte Danish colonization of Greenland
Well - there is this sentence at the Baker: der ligger snegle og boller i vinduet
However if it did exist then other laws would override it.
"Jeg skal lige en tur lige på det lille hus" - "I have to go to the little house", is a polite way of saying that you need to the toilet
Shit, you got me
"though often imagined as fair and naked today, in folklore he was more frequently described as wearing more or less elegant clothing"
A lot less than it used to
That's really unfortunate to discriminate like that.
just give us Gibraltar back already (from a Spaniard)
Can Eesti finally into nordic
Didn't the exact same thing happen in Norway when Fremskridspartiet got into a coalition in 2013?
It also helps that most Danish dialects aren't that hard to understand in the first place, with a few outliers
DTU
My local pizza place is run by some really nice younger guys and when they hand me my order they always say: "værsgo Hr
With Markets like this, Eesti can definitely into Nordic...
If the checkup reveals issues, you will have to schedule an additional visit
But yes it seems like Italy and Poland are the only two that mentions one another, and even positively so
In a sense
More like a club we joined because it restricted trade and we had stuff we wanted to sell.
Swedish:
North Germany and Platt has had a huge influence on Denmark since the 10th century and 1864
Two people representing an universal truth:
Yes, it's pretty common where there is no district heating
Both btw, were the only consistant critics of Trump on the Republican bench during these last years
‘It's very intrusive that adults may decide     that newborn to undergo a surgical procedure that is not medically     justified and if power is lifelong
For hundreds of years we have been wanting at least Skåne back, but now you have ruined it, so let's just keep the borders were they are now
If everybody agrees to it - It is exactly democracy.
30 - because I need to wake up at 6
raisins in buns are a disgrace and should be thrown into the øresund
40%
As you say, Österreich means "eastern realm", because it was a border province, but "Austria" is just a latinisation of that word
Og til her svenske og norske røvhuller
And it'd be awesome to see the view outside the window get progressively more absurd, as the various countries are showing of landmarks
I agree that it's the biggest factor I just argued that it's our culture that has made us able to get as wealthy as we are.
[€99 for a bus from Paris] No idea if they run buses from other French cities closer to you, but browse around and see what you can find, I guess.
But if you agree with that idea, you must accept arguments based on that idea
Russia is European, even Northern European like us, yet sits at the border of Asia and has historically kind of done its own thing
Only basic stuff
Yes
Reading the comments I feel like there os some miscommunication of what a party is
10 times better then the fox-piss Karat kaffe
english is fine
Sounds like the exact same point the Danish prime minister (Anders Fogh Rasmussen) made in a speech to the Arab world in 2005 during the Danish “cartoon crisis”.
Of course
The general public voted for a government which seems to be doing a pretty good job of moving towards US style healthcare.
And also I doubt that it'd be stupid people outbreeding the smart ones that would cause a dark age, rather climate change would.
krak
Oh, I probably should have been more clear about that.
[2017 results]
Only thing I have an issue understanding and learning is German
Which sector are you in
Mr Gandhi's eight-and-a-half minute 999 call was played to the inquest.
I'm not saying ruc is trash, but if I have to compare RUC to it's peers, I think the consensus is that it is the lowest tier of em all
Apparently, during the raid an officer looked through my grandfathers' lunchbox, and lifted the meet on his sandwiches, to check if there were any hidden messages
And then we build the most frustrating, long winded route for bicycles a few years later
I have to say, in terms of drinking behavior and intelligeble language, Ireland is actually a pretty good fit for Denmark
Cheers
I can either go 25 minutes by bike (preferable when the weather is nice), or 2 minutes walk to a bus stop, which will get me to the nearest metro station (which is 5 minutes away in bus), and then take the metreo for 8-ish minutes to a stop thats 5 minutes away on foot from my job
So expensive
For instance a convicted Somali might have gone to Egypt to have the procedure done.
If only that had worked for WW2
That's what scares me
Damn Nazis, they broke our streak
Denmark was the fourth biggest slave traders in the 1700’s and after WW2 we forced german POW to clean up our beaches from mines and most of them were 15-16 years
Thanks
True brother, true
Infinitely more than 0 people
But it's harder to do at any significant scale.
In Denmark there were a lot of holidays in late Spring because of crop-harvesting and some religious holidays
I like this explanation better:
Bruv
&#x200B;
We get that as well, along with the Die Hard movies, which are also Christmas classics
I can understand some of it though
*Books one-way flight to Turkey*
A huge part of DF voters are in South Jutland and Mid/West Sjælland for example.
I would go for Odense only because it’s sits perfectly in the middle
As far as I understand it would take a referendum, and I'm quite certain that this would not be passed by the Danish people, unfortunately.
And I dont believe the point of a multi-party system is compromise
Title is misleading
That seems way too forward for Danes to be comfortable with
Kort efter kom herremanden fra Trøjborg, men da var auktionen færdig, og Fanø solgt til fannikkerne
&#x200B;
In other words, when you put money into something only to *perhaps* get it, then it is gambling
As is our abandonment of them
There are several Danish companies that build the towers and Concrete foundations and Aalborg Portland cement loves each other.
Half of our politicians would be gone.
If experience teaches us anything about those mobs it's that you shouldn't give them an inch
But I guess it is one of those luxuries that can be hard to live without, if you have gotten used to it
I'm talking about the private and commercial uses of our flags compared
[Ode an die Freude]
They frame socialism as _merely_ the establishment of welfare policies for the working class
I actually felt dumber having read it
Here they have a word which is spelled: Hov
But they're real funky, it's a they're not international known
These are the questions that in the long run will make progress on a grand scale
Second, Region Zealand does have low labour market participation compared to the rest of Denmark
Not really genocide, planetcide?
Aldi Nord i Germany have not really impressed me either, with one notable exception: their candy assortment --
Large earthquakes as far away as Japan, Indonesia and Chile have caused the water to 'slosh' in Devils Hole like water in a bathtub
Is this technology funded by the EU
Depending on the city and country, it could be cheaper to stay a bit outside the centre and take public transport to the city centre.
You're not addressing my points, as you're only accounting for half of my argument, hence the confusion, I believe
But still a legend to this day
This has led to gymnasiums and universities in many cases turning into nothing but pipe-lines for certain jobs, and leave young people with ever more limited options
I think with Sønder and Vestjysk, much of the reason why their dialects can seem stronger is that they are in a way speaking a sub-language to Danish when they speak Sønderjysk or Thybomål. The same could be said about Bornholmsk or even my Østjysk at times, where we also have words that you don't say either outside or area or Jylland in general
I'm pretty sure the Danish one was meant for /r/Denmark and just cross-posted here.
I think this system is more classist than a tax-funded system
From a Danish point of view, if someone asked my that question i would say no.
Somehow they've been allowed to acquire a debt that dwarfs their estimated value at a pace of **60 to 1**.
Time to make Danelaw relevant again, we leave them alone for a thousand years and then they do this
Is it "krebinetter" or "karbonader"?
It's not talked about at all, if it where i feel like a lot of people would support it
Child porn was legal for ten years
Germans seems to be quite sensible people
He's just stating it as a matter of fact.
Same old same old, from Merkel and Hollande.
I have no clue what it was
I went on a biking vacation this summer
Czechxit could work too
panned responses elsewhere in life when an American talks about their genealogy
The fascist in both Spain and Denmark did not got enough votes for representation i parliament in the recent elections
There's a lot of curviness in art deco too, although it's usually streamlined/smooth curves, which fits well with the cowl of the Reaper here, and also the neck on the man is a smooth line
WE just do plain [old witch burning]
The thing is, unless we get a much tighter fiscal union, we will continue to see differing business cycles, meaning that the ECB will not be able to set an interest rate that matches the needs of both Germany and Greece.
Damn
That's just sad
No, not really
I don't know how DF members would feel about it, since their biggest stronghold is in Jylland.
A country whit which they had (if I remember correctly) a treaty dictating there where not allowed to attack.
Well in Denmark you *mostly* don't need to calculate taxes so for that part out isn't so weird we aren't taught it
I must admit I never really studied him closely
Don't they say half past three
Swedish is still pretty hard if they don't slow down
It really isn't in Europe at this point
But not more than 50 euro when other similar rich countries only send 30 or 40 euro
I know they are different implementations of android, but my apps will still work on all of them, so I can buy from another company and keep my apps
something
I’ve known of a married couple who still call each other kæreste (means dearest) because it’s just way cuter than wife/husband
No, bokmål is way closer to danish
Sjåfør and sjokolade comes to mind, were we spell it with "ch" in Danish: chauffør and chokolade
That sounds ridiculous
>  it's usually foreign brands who come up with these weird non-beer glasses
No justice can include capital punishment.
No worries
I have to agree
9€ for high speed internet
Welp bye
Cooking is also curriculum in Denmark, I’ve said this on the sub before and France, Spain and Italy freaked out
It's not about "These are our politics and this is what we'll do to help the people!" but about "Don't vote for the other guy/girl!
Then it gets a bit complex
Well, the only thing i know about him is his involvement in the Stockholm bloodbath
It is a good thing
Danish, English, German, and some speak Flemish, or Swedish.
Denmark is a flat boring pancake
Scandinavians and Dutchmen like to feel clever and on a high horse because of our high English proficiency, however we conveniently forget that we’re literally the languages that are closest related to English *in the world*.
and I will be making pizzas tonight.
Border regions are quite integrated with people living in one country and working in another such as the Greater Copenhagen metropolitan region:
I get extensive blood work done 3x a year and my vitamin d3 levels are never higher than recommend
If I could only vote for something I believed in, my vote vould never be cast as I really don’t have any significant trust or faith in any candidate or party
I had to explain to a bunch of people in England that polar bears do not roam the streets of Denmark
You can say a lot about Løkke, but he hasn't dragged us into an illegal war just to get cozy with Bush.
First one after brexit
"Jeg elsker dig." is rarely used..
Yeah, if you wanna learn it, you really just need to remember it like you would remember the names of anything else
> We can technically use "love" as a verb (We love, we have loved etc
We get "Devil Island" for Sjælland all the time by people from Jutland
We used to get at least some snow every winter, but in the past decade, snow has been getting rarer and rarer
Family in law lives there and we haven't seen them since Christmas
Especially when there's a sale going on(Which there always is)
(I was in the last girl scouts group in Denmark, and I believe it closed down around this time), but ever since then, it's been mixed and it's like the scouts described above
Openness towards strangers and the food.
But January and February have almost always had a lot of snow
Very common, our tap water is considered some of the best in the world
Brits think it sounds American, Americans think it sounds British
And slightly aroused
It didn't?
I don't think anyone really cares
Does the Netherlands have any good museums related to the VOC / colonial history
You seem to have a fairly romanticized (And America-centric) view of the world, so I'm not entirely sure what to tell you.
It looks like someone did that after because the text doesn't fit the style of the picture
Moosefuckers
The ice will melt at the poles before we let that happen
Hotline Miami and Payday too
Rent outside the central area are lower (like in all cities), but a studio apartment can easily be 500€ a month unless you're a student.
Not cool to steal someone else's flag!
And     recently, the politically appointed Health minister of Norway  opposed  a   ban on circumcision, yet the ban was supported by the  Norwegian   Medical  Association, the Norwegian Nurses Organization, the  Norwegian   Ombudsman  for Children, and the University of Oslo
Danish is of course the main language
A cloister is a korsgang (cross hallway) in Danish  and korsgång in Swedish :)
A submarine is a boat that sails under water
I see Dutchmen as passionless VOC employees with no joy in life aprt from profit and tulips, is that entirely wrong
And, is it true that *pus* means kiss
No unfortunately not
Danes do not hate Norwegians
But here in Denmark, we use every single bit that isn't forest or a city for agriculture
He is a huge Islam hater, burned the Koran on a one time use grill, said that every immigrant should be thrown out of the country, despite his wife being from Thailand
It would be nice if Frederik III could've gotten his head out of his ass and realise that we couldn't take the Swedish Empire at its prime, and that going to war without the support of the lords is exactly what his father did during the thirty years war and that went horribly as well
The world's on fucking fire, Mette is too busy blaming refugees for all of our issues but at least we get to feel great because Trump saying an insane thing to get all of our eyes off of the actual issues in the world worked as per usual
Hello fellow Copenhagener :P
Ahem
>Transylvanian Romanians are often as bilingual as the seklers
This sounds A LOT more like an issue with the agency in question than with Mette
I can't find an exact age for my town but according to what I can find out, the ending (-ing) of the name stopped being used around 800 AD.
Let us just put Denmark-Norway second!
When you hit rock bottom, you need to keep digging, right
Parfaits are more solid - this is literally just like a liquid/soup
That's what would happen in any country.
I was told by an English speaker that I (and most Danes, according to him) have a habit of using "learned" when we should be using "was taught", due to Danish using "lært" for "was taught". Since he pointed it out I've caught myself doing it once or twice, so it's certainly a thing I do
So a higher defense budget is understandable.
It's excellent
I am saying that in the broadest meaning of the word 'liberalism' I am opposed to that certain ideological direction
Wow
How does the salary in the factories compare to the average salary for unskilled labour in Romania?
000 ish a month
But people dislike no borders more than they dislike the controls, and they dislike the common monetary policy more than they dislike currency switching.
Sweden all the way
Australian   Medical   Association Has a policy of discouraging it, ad says "The   Australian   College of Paediatrics should continue to discourage the   practice of   circumcision in newborns
Sicilia would like to know your location
Must be an autonomy thing as i finished school around 14 years ago and honestly dont remember any of these
I thought that was some kind of city in Sweden and got super offended like, how dare they name a city after our capital and naming it greater
I think you intentionally misunderstand.
but i depends where you are ofc
At this point, I'd almost give up my right to vote if only I could get decent pockets
And refugees don’t wanna go there
A communist, stalinist or marxist would vote for socialist parties, but i wouldn't label those parties as communist or stalinist as a result of that
This honestly just feels like political propaganda meant to frame a political group as victims, in order to garner support for their radical ideology
(I'm half Icelandic, half Danish)
The city is basically placed on two mountain/"Hill" tops with that bridge connecting them
They 100% wants to be nordic which they are not considered
But it's cheaper to fly, so why bother
It's where I grew up, it's where my family lives, it's where my friends live, it's where I made 99,9% of my memories.
I once saw a kid in a cathedral stomp on the balls on a Jesus relief on the ground
Is this unique to Scotland or in the entire UK
EDIT: Sengeløse (bedless), Vanløse (waterless), Stenløse (stoneless)
Todays system was introduced in 2006.
And you guys call yourself Swamp Germans
Some christians hated Jews because Judas told the roman governor about Jesus whereabouts, I call them fucking delusional to be honest as it might have been Jusus instructions, and besides one mans actions don't make it right to hate a whole group of people.
Sorry, it was supposed to look mountain-y but it looks more dessertish than that
> I base myself on voter behavior, church attendance and the type of Christianity that's popular in the village
" when the Systembolaget clerk asks why you need so much beer
I used to have guard duties there.
or a border area like Malmö-Copenhagen
I think it’s seen as slightly weird here in the Nordics because it’s so expensive to eat at restaurants
True, it's like Netherland, just nicer and cooler being Scandinavian/Nordic and all
Most US i would probably recognise when I heard then though, so there would be no need to clarify
Great quality and fun, unlike a lot of them.
Nobody else allows their opinions, why should they?
I know a bunch of people who have come out of med school, went to Norway for a year or two and come back with what can almost buy a house.
Fins have a natural instinct to compress things
I honestly have no idea what the Danish way of killing would be
* Sex with the hat on - cut a triangle in the cap
Same
I sure do :)
Yes, that u was bugging me but I couldn't quite put my finger on it - it should be a v.
r/okkammeratmongol
I like mine but it doesn't sound very danish
Aarhus less so because towns nearby have so called 'rivalries' with the town and will shittalk it for days if you allow it - while still liking the city and preferring it over, say, Copenhagen or Odense
Edit: This is so great
Because why not
Sweden is by far the biggest one of the Scandinavian countries
Eurostat and UN stats aren't from 2016.
Guess you haven't noticed that Japan is actually changing their immigration policy now.
Fransk hotdog dressing
I feel like Norway is cheating
Imagine how much longer it takes to have a beer when you have to say “Hello i would like one GARAGARDOA please” everytime you order
USA number one, I guess
I had no idea Sweden could be that beautiful :O
Standard German is an mixture of Alemannic (or High German) dialects
But it has been adopted by the Pan-European movement(s) and the EU, leading it to simply rather have connotations of some modern continuation of liberal nationalism a la the 18th and 9th centuries, rather than carrying an actual internationalist meaning
Well
If I as a school kid noticed Denmark had gone from protecting its national borders to sending its military on global missions I find it hard to imagine it was only the military who paid attention.
We just call it mail where I’m from
Controversial opinion, but it's a shame nuclear power has gotten such a bad rep
and the people living out in the rural areas and small towns, want less immigration and don't care about the climate change
Europe has overall smaller cars with better fuel economy and different suspension because the governments of Europe tax fuel and cars more and the roads are generally better
I think i have been to the museum, but its years ago, when i was like 8-9
I'd like to thank Germany for the border, Denmarks only land border, wich was settled by voting, and for their cheap candy just on the other side of the border
thats because your entire country has been celebrating my birthday a day late, this entire time
Examples
It's not very many units where it makes sense to use deca and even when it makes sense (with grams) we use single grams
Living in the Netherlands
Because they never visit 'Denmark'. They just visit 1 city and are amazed by people on bikes
Big contrast to Denmark
Definitely
I am from Denmark
Of course its Swedens fault ;)
Beer Bowling
Norwegian: most of it
Here's the deal though: Last year, how big a percentage of the Danish non-western population do you think were convicted of a crime?
NATO expanded because the countries that were finally free of the Soviet yoke wanted to join, so that they wouldn't once more be put under Russia's thumb as soon as Russia stabilized again
And as of a few weeks ago, I'm 15 minutes from the new metro line, which gives me easy access to everywhere in Copenhagen
But no May never had any real leverage
I misread the comment
The West found this out the hard way back in the 70’s and 80’s, where the 1973 oil crisis caused spending to be unreasonably high, but this was approached as a recession
That being, it's clear you really love Copenhagen, which I understand
I mainly use Netto and Fakta though, not sure where there's constant sales going on
Belgrade = Beograd
Guess I only have one choice if it’s a girl and that’s Margrethe
Denmark or Germany, so I guess I'm pretty satisfied
They're still coming in through Libya.
Jutland people are usually extremely humble, laid-back and self-deprecating people
2009 and 2010 were absolutely crazy as a white Christmas had never happened two years in a row
That's a lot, compared to chicken
Im faily certain it's Storebælts Broen (Great Belt Bridge).
It's NOT an actual test though, it's more of a valuation by a doctor
I'm from the eastern part of Central Jutland so I absolutely have a dialect like everyone else in the country
Haha - in Denmark "Sildesalat" is used about all the little designations, medals etc.
I didn't really know that much about Dutch culture and people before going there, to me it was just another country in Europe like I see most of them
Also, or at least from what I've seen on facebook from Swedes, you guys use Alfons Åberg a lot for memes
Well the Congo was the kings personal property, not the Belgian state...
But that's because she doesn't speak Norwegian at all, she speaks Gøtudanskt, which is how Danish traditionally was spoken on the Faroes, and which incidentally is named after her hometown Gøta
North Korea has even attempted to distance itself from communism as they removed all mentions of the word in their constitution in 2009
A short overview is as follows:
And the child's freedom from sexual assault and genital manipulation?
In Denmark, most drive-through restaurants call their drive-through *drive-in*, which in English, is a different type of service as far as I know
I had a lot of calls from telemarketers wanting to sell newspapers and insurances until i discovered the "Robinson list" we have in Denmark.
no, but a guy that says that terrorism would still be a thing in Norway, even without muslim immigration, because Breivik, doesn't add up.
Haha, yes this so much
I don't know about that
Not to mention the fact that the weather is often gloomy
That's no life for any mammal
They're hilariously easy to spot
They aren't protesting for a migrant agreement in the EU with which we could distribute people throughout countries with a system in place to ensure that they stay where they are placed.
Makes more sense then hahah
Odense in Denmark, has good hotels, good food and is a lovely place
And have since as an adult seen teenagers get refused in Midtjylland and Fyn
What do you mean not useful
They’re closer to the biggest productivity hub in Denmark in regards to Copenhagen, and has several large cities and is probably one of the most well-connected areas in regards to highways and transportation
The couple hours before it rained, but yeah, the day as well
If things get more expensive, and your pay doesn't change, you are effectively getting poorer
I HATE them
Terrorism does and we've certainly seen a spike in that.
Times of Israel is actively trying to justify the state of Israel and it's actions by making a narrative that Jews are not safe elsewhere.
Trump is only going to be around for four years
what has my comment lead to
well like if a danish person was hit in the nuts had a higher pitched voice from it while singing words and pronouncing the words with a gay accent
Never has anyone slept as comfortably in coach before
And Swedish: frukost (means breakfast) and Danish frokost (means lunch)
I made my hotmail to play a browser game
Then we went back to the European side
Gasolina is terrible
Maybe I’m a filthy Copenhagener but I would say it’s seen as the standard
Denmark - 1000 year kingdom ftw
We're just helping you out with the herd immunity, giving ya a little hand in spreading it
\- Denmark
>	and I didn't pay to go on the walk either
Skip Munich and cut either Prague or Vienna.
Life science sector is huge in Denmark.
I don't know if there's an English word for that though
Tell him only rich people have microwaves
Denmark has however ruled Sweden for more than a century
Norwegian: Nettbrett
I think the average continental European usually have more need for a second language than English speakers have, and that secondary language is often English.
However, there was [a vote in Dec
Its basically a dairy based milk combination, with or without eggs and lemon, and other types of Danish dairy products
I always eat up, unless I really dislike the food
The symbolize wealth, and I can’t remember what the thimble and key symbolize
Recent election results all over Europe have shown that people are more than happy to jump from parties regarded as one place on the spectrum, to a party on a completely other side
Knowing absolutely nothing about Swiss gun laws, I'm pretty sure they're infinitely more strict than (the average) American gun laws, so the comparison wouldn't be worth the paper it's written on
At least five people have been slightly injured inhaling the fumes
Yeah, and reading what /u/elev57 had to say on the matter, I think I might have grossly underestimated the damage Brexit could do to the UK economy.
I'm not saying it's going well in France, but you shouldn't move to another country and expect them to change for you.
Yes back then the people in Jämtland and the people of Skåne would have deffenetly considered themselves Norweigians and Danes - not swedish.
Iceland was damn hard to find
>*Source: Historisches Jahrbuch Liechtenstein, [Volume 24] (1924)*
Yeah, there are problems in many countries
That basically ment they could only use danish developers for even the most mundane tasks (and of course they couldn't understand why their outshoring efforts were going so badly)
icelandic, anyone
But not rugby
That’s what they’ll be when he no-deals
We get on with it
Sorry about the low quality, but the video was uploaded to youtube 14 years ago
So that's what they meant with "abolishing genders"
The main span is 1624m which is the 3.
I have actually tried that
It is kind of depressing
Have you considered that he might just want to have people see that video again?
Plenty of immigrants from various places "fit in" perfectly fine and it's the ones who actually integrate
Joining the EU is not a quick process, and for a newly formed (and completely unproven) country, it would normally seem like a huge uphill struggle.
They are taking places from genuine refugees in Europe because of their desire to secure a better economic future for themselves.
The community has grown quite a bit
That Iceland was still under danish rule
Only at the doctor and in public transportation is it required
Don't worry about it
Luxembourg cuss word #1: Tax
I also picked up some asthma medicine, and while it's eligible for rebates, it's still like 100 euro for 3 months dose
I don't remember ever being taught any particular border.
I suspect institutions and government policy shape each other in complicated ways
> Turkey is multiethnic to actually but you know why the country does not have intercommunal issues
Something like Spain or Poland
Music is a great example, "hyggelig" music isn't just any good music
No, only for diseases that are actually life threatening
And the large cities (St
Imagine what it must have been like to be an explorer in those times
This is something I can get behind as a European.
>So yes, they did return with an additional soldier, but he was simply an Austrian liaison officer, who I'm sure returned to Tyrol soon after
I'm far from sure that being outside the Euro would have made the slightest difference.
As a Dane it is fine to hate Swedes.
Within the EU you can live and work in the other EU countries
Du er da velkommen på både denmark og danish subreddits ;)
Also why does Greenland seem distorted in a weird way
lovely place
That, naturally, means screwing the UK over, but that's politics.
&#x200B;
It tastes like you were in the middle of rimming a monkey and then it farts in your face
One huge contributing factor to different tasting coca cola is the local sourcing of water.
Who is that *we* that destroyed the Greek economy a decade ago
Absolutely loved that tune to bits
>that can’t be said for any other European nation
US military treaties are never limited to the current administration which creates them.
I must make one point very clear here: Socialism is _not_ the mere progression of the class struggle
>The German-Roman ~~Empire~~ Realm
Most Saudis like their monarch, but we can still critique him
But we have hostels and bed&breakfast etc
People who say American flag-use is excessive obviously have never been to Denmark
Spain: nice and long vacation by the beach
Reading this thread, it seems I am in the minority
Tu me fais chier = you're making me shit (you're annoying me)
You'll find ships, great halls, rune stones and ring fortresses in especially Denmark but also Norway and Sweden
Nah, we're pretty much in the middle of it
Without the other Nordic countries, I feel like Denmark would be right-wing(more than it is now).
They mess up all the Danish names, they mess up the cities, all the costumes, and the entire language
In Denmark there was under 5% forest left around 1850.
, I could easily see it arise as an part of the reproduction of modern liberal-capitalist Europe
It seems I should have been more accepting of the fact that they might have had genuine difficulties switching back to Danish when they returned
According the the official list, it's [Solhverv by Lord Siva] \- which surprised me as that song is a couple of months old by now
OG SÅ TAGER VI FUCKING SKÅNE TILBAGE
I'm from the eastern part of Central Jutland so I absolutely have a dialect like everyone else in the country
Hugo må ikke hugge (Hugo is not allowed to "take/swipe")
Does being racist and hard right wing comments mean supporting Franco and his legacy in a Spanish context?
We don't question these things.
There it is, Hold Kæft I'm good at Finnish haha
Let us have our own space please and stop trying to make everything about you
Then he mentioned that back in the 11th century, just after England finally switched back to English rule, the new king ordered every single Dane in the city (a healthy chunk of the population at the time) rounded up in the church, and then had the church burnt down
And tbh, in my case, I just don't think it's worth it
He was too shy to ask for my name, so he wanted to look at my ID instead
Tomorrow should be cloudy
You mean, "if Germany and Sweden are willing to help them, let them help them all"?
If you like copenhagen
Yeah, it's about the same
Do you know why it's called a Dutch-Irish sandwich?
Spanish and Italian are very big languages
Go' Mor'n Go' Mor'n by Annisette
nono Danes likes Finns, tolerate Norwegians and doesn't like the Swedes
Not worth it if you're acually interested in the education you're taking
It was so bad
You traitor you
Non-native speakers often have a hard time distinguishing between the vowels "ø" and "o". The result is that *rovdyr* (predator) is often mispronounced *røvdyr* (ass-animal)
A lot less than having to read everything in imperial, though
That looks so cool
Brutto is converted to full time (37 hours a week) unemployed people in the age 16-64 registered at unemployment offices.
The fjæll ape's aggression against my happiness will not stand.
"Eh, i am greek catholic"
Everyone seems to know everyone, which can either be really nice, or really awful if nepotism is a part of life
**England**
Vollsmose
It's hardly surprising that people who don't integrate into their new country will have a harder time "feeling at home" there than others
And in the Danish populace Brits/UK'ers/English are seen as kindred (in a EU-context)
Newsworthy strikes happen quite seldom, maybe once a year or every other year.
[Like this
The protestors did some property damage to one reception area
Interestingly, the second largest for much of the 1800s was Charlotte Amalie - on St
Medister my parents used to make when I was a kid in the 90s, though I never liked it
English
i literally cant
This is the third time I'm editing this comment because I had to fact check what I said and it turns out I was wrong both times
I genuinely have nothing against Americans.
I'm 15 and worry about putting kids into this world
Where in Europe are university students locked up in isolation cells?
He's not Marine Le Pen, he has no political experience and no idea how government works.
Problem was, they used different units of measurement and couldn't agree on what a pound was, so to resolve their differences, they drove a fat, naked hag atop a hill of lard, and pushed her down
Doesn't matter that he was born and raised in Denmark and only speaks english as another language.
I've seen a guy with a kippah in Silvan at Nørrebro station, so take the "don't look Jewish" with a grain of salt
But in Minecraft
The hanseatic league tried to monopolize the trade in the Baltic Sea by blockading other cities or attacking them
I only switch over to the English wiki if it is a little more obscure subject
I’d say she’s had *lots* of beers
Oh no:(
Heck, what do Europeans have to offer?
EDIT: Let me just start by saying I agree with everything Macron is saying in this video
ANSI is preferred because it's better for programming and in general symbols are easy to type (imo)
The actions of the party I voted for last time has made me political homeless.
It's not what I want us to rely on forever, but using coal instead can't possibly be viewed as an improvement
Denmark has the world's oldest monarchy
Danish political issue that isn't talked about internationally?
I think the last story I read about it was from Sweden.
No seriously, how did a blond mop become your PM
Nah, our see keep the Danes away.
They are what is known as "public service", meaning they are obligated by law to be as unbiased as possible, to inform the public
There are very few stores in Denmark so i say not very prevalent i counted 10 stores on google maps
I mean many of the H.C. Andersen stories are quite grim when it comes to the originals
Varkaus was apparently also an old word for "strait", and the city is located on straits in a lake, so it actually does make sense
Why the pre-viking Danes bothered to annex Jutland is a question half of the country is still asking
Taking our time to get nowhere, and setting up camp whenever we wanted
It's almost as if they trust people close to them more
I go back inside, because the night is barely halfway done
And our system dosn't regard marriage or having children with an immigrant as reason for that person not to be deported
I remember sharing a bottle of unicum with a friend on a train to the city
Danish
When can we throw Poland and the other putinizing east europe countries out of EU
He gets requests for extensions, exemptions, and leniency all the time from kids who think they're special and don't have to follow the same rules as everyone else
That's not proper rye bread
And wine, don't forget to bring your delicious alcohol when going to Ireland, or you will be sent back home to get it
It's like the opposite of a normal summer
Danes and Finns are very alike to each other, quite similar to Germans and Brits, relatively similar to northern French and perhaps northern Italians, and only vaguely similar to the Balkans or southernmost Europe
>Am I dreaming, or have I entered into heaven/paradise
Kaj kager, flødeboller, rødgrød med fløde, risalamende, hindbærsnitte, all so delicious and very danish
It's not too uncommon and isn't viewed negatively (I hope lol)
Obviously it's even warmer down there but it's a dry heat so you're "just" roasting
[Copenhagen/Great Copenhagen train stations directly translated ]
Then putting them up for sale
Rise of the Persian empire - Anatolia gets rolled over
It's amazing to see this move forward
- Those things are on TV
Putin might try to stir up another orchestrated revolt amongst the Russian minority in Estonia(or Latvia) if he's confident Estonia's allies won't come to its defense.
Well, IMO two groups of people have been dicks - the xenophobes, racists, and so on (UKIP in the Brexit referendum, PEGIDA, La FN god help us, and AfD) - and the individuals among the refugees and migrants who have committed crimes.
To focus on latter battles that never amounted to the spoils Denmark gained, is as willfully ignorant as celebrating a ship that sunk on its way out of port #NAVYSTRONG
So that comes out to: nu kommer jeg
Alternative is a single speed track bike with fenders and a front rack
** It is so much better to have the ability to remain ambiguous
He mostly gave the impression of being a sad old man, and is probably dead now.
Seemed odd to me
To say "thanks" in traffic we normally do a small nod or lifting one's hand slightly while looking at the person
In many places, they still have siestas or long lunches, and there's a lot of socializing in the evenings
George's cross would stick more out.
When the next waves arrives just spread them out.
a. herremanden fra Trøjborg og Ribes købmænd, som de i forvejen skyldte penge til
My favourite one in Danish is "dram", which means a shot of snaps, comes from the Arabic "drachme" meaning a small quantity
Things need to change
They do do S&R in corporation with Airforce and Navy.
Therefore locals rarely visit, and as you see more areas of the city, you realize there are far more ugly areas than nice like the area displayed in the picture
It's a very acceptable thing here that teens have sex and drink - house parties are something you have with your parents knowledge, often around 16-18 before you are old enough for bars and clubs
I haven't even visited mate, although I would love to.
It melts as soon as it hits the ground
Most people hire a guy to do it
However that does not change that Russia behaves as an antagonist to the rest of Europe, and therefore it makes sense to treat them as such.
Definetely like the style of the map, though I find it a bit barren of cities, it makes Europe look like a desert landscape
Also, German has a movie industry on par with the US or UK
Although Denmark was the first country in the world to legalize same-sex unions (1989), Norway second and quite sure Sweden was third :P
How horribly we treated Germans after WW2
Yes, you don’t think of it as a system
I don't know what Minnesota's abbreviation is, or what minutes details you pretend makes it different from the rest and I don't really care to
extremely popular though - even my mum knows her
Yes and it obviously doesn't hold water because the UK abolished it as late as 2008.
Achieving it will not raise their living standards, it would jeperdise international security, and screw Denmark out of all the money we've spent
On paper, it would take *a long time*, almost certainly a decade or more.
That rant was pretty epic
People can be so insensitive
Since 1813 We stopped fighting, but we did not stop making jokes and insults.
Better than pissing on the buildings
No no
Walk in the bike lane
It's not like North Korea is a tourist hot spot
In 2011 we were #1 on the EPI
TH ofden becoms F oor D. So "think" becoms "fink" and "the" becoms "de".
Something, something, World Series, only American teams, something
We obviously have our football "heroes", actors etc
Nånå - Kan jeg så lige **nå** at indskyde, at det også kan betyde at række ud efter noget?
Also the last place to be hellenic in ck2 769 start date
Most of Europe I would travel by car, I would only take trains as far as Hamburg or Berlin
But Harald Hildetand is known for the battle of Bråvalla and that supposedly happened around that time
And also, there are no news here; we all know that this happened, that newspapers write about it isn’t news
Much like aircondition in cars, a fast internet connection and so on
Slovenien - Slovenia
[There were a couple more on that map] I cropped it for simplicity's sake.
They say it's about losing sovereignty and being controlled by laws and (to-some-extent) unelected bureaucrats, yet you know better than to take people for what they say at face value and instead contribute negative attributes to the British people in general
Okay, could you rephrase that somehow
There is a drop-down menu below the "create new post" button
Some students elect not to have it, because maybe they aren't at Uni very often, or in general, don't use public transport
Italy: driving around Sardinia
Also you forget about the homeless who have to get by in one of the most expensive countries in the world
We have areas here in Denmark where the police or EMTs don't go without backup.
If it was, I'd agree 100% with you.
We don't have an innate feeling that one dialect is more "authentic" than the other.
Norway is getting under pressure as other countries are starting to make binding obligations to limit
If Iranian Militias start doing terror in Europe as a response to the US they better stick to American Embassies and Bases or else I’d be pissed off at the European deaths that Trump would be responsible for
Or the Denmark - Sweden stuff you constantly see.
One of my favorite places in the world
There might be some town names with only two or even one letter, but I think that Lem deserves an honourable mention - other than being a short name it can also mean a certain part of the male anatomy
Play as Liviu Dragnea as he raises in rank from lowly pesedist henchman to PSD leader
But we don't, and none of the anti-EU parties are interested in creating one.
We generally love all of our Northern brethren, except the Swedish of course
> Operation rädda Danmark
I cant think of a single instance where that was the topic of a discussion
It'll be 1850 all over again :P (just kidding it wouldn't)
i feel stupid now
The best water I ever drank was at my grandfathers house who had dug his own well and got his own ground water
Nansen seems criminally underrated by the Norwegians, and he's basically a god damn legend
The Greece Debt Crisis is fundamentally different, in that it is caused by structurally flawed financial management (which was covered up by the government), which means that structural economic management changes are what's needed
Is it survival friendly
Thanks
Dude, speaking with the queen is a whole mini-course upon itself
You are not an independent country, if you are part of an independent country (the Kingdom of the Netherlands)
Thanks
\*trading of slaves, not slavery as such
It's a shame they're always shot dead.
* Russia: Their culturual herritiage and it´s a beautiful country
That's not to say that every person you let in is going to be bad but just that the bad outweighs the good all over Europe.
Why would you hate your own culture
If a current state admits it carries a responsibility then there could be made a legitimate demand for reparations
And in the case of Denmark for having politicians discussing policies in parliament that was never voted into law , proposing policies that exist or is being introduced in the rest of the EU , and making a law that exist for Danish citizens also apply to immigrants.
No one may be deprived of his or her possessions, except in the public interest and in the cases and under the conditions provided for by law, subject to fair compensation being paid in good time for their loss
It is all about those small beginnings, those tiny increments that can set it off
Never seen a fish & chips joint, I think
Yes
The UK served as a bridge before, making sure the US had an interest inside the EU.
Either you solve it like the rest of us, or you don’t.
I don't think you would need to share the oil fund
I'm glad the person I was speaking to wasn't *that* presumptive
I vaguely remember a news article that covered how NETS investigate fraud.
We have lended a few words from them
Nah I would be happy for them if they went with full independence and while we could continue having a close bond while they carve new friendships with countries they want and need.
Yes, we've seen terrorism in Europe before.
This time the terror comes from "forces" outside of EU that just want to kill as much as possible.
We do what the Germans do, as is tradition
There’s also South Ossetia at 53k and Guernsey at 63k
All three places I used to order from have closed down shipping internationally
For the past 5 years I've been trying my hardest to learn danish, it was a huge hurdle to get danish people to actually speak to me in danish because many of them preferred to speak to me in english because they could already speak english, even my own mother
lol They're always some of the worst when it comes to foreign languages themselves.
I mean not really, yeah their dialect is maybe easier to understand, but I also think it depends on who you ask, fx
Icelandic is impossible and
The country has virtually been ignored since the fall of the USSR
Like in most dictatorships it was probably driven by internal politics
But in the heartlands it's all planned and accounted for
which is why he resonated so well with working class Americans
So I have no idea what this post is about
I'm sure someone can provide some better examples, but I hope this gives a (very) rough idea
In Denmark it is English followed by French and/or German
But more similar than most countries' own population
Whose values would we all follow
Never found out how my card was copied but likely copied on a recent vacation to the UK.
It has to create a cozy (cozy isn't the most accurate word, but it's the closest English word) atmosphere in the room to be "hygge".
The example I always give people to show how far the 'languages' are from each other is the word for the wheelbarrow
Hmm, I've been in Helsingør 2 months ago, and many stores advertised beer for Swedes.
I år 2007 svinger priserne på landsplan fra kr
The downvotes has nothing to do with us not liking "the truth".
I dont know if i should be proud that my grandma is a part of the one percent lol
I remember the subtitles in Die hard on tv translating the epic phrase "Yippie-Ki-Yay MotherFucker
Doing something is a hell of a lot better than doing nothing, so yeah.
You’re just trying to make an impression that Nazism was nothing special, that it was not related specifically to your country and people which is a lie
I can just tell what I saw and felt
And in northern germany they bake the s**t out of it
We have the worst of both worlds.
I have a lot of family in the southern part of Jylland, that came under German occupation in 1864
So driving to the outskirts of the city you go through tunnels blown right out of the cliff, and drive through pine forests
I mean several Brits on this thread did do that within the Kingdom, which is why I assumed it fell under the accepted criteria
It is difficult to translate
Imo you should have both common monetary policy and fiscal policy but since it is not possible, you should have neither
People have opininos about US politics in a way they would never have about the internal politics of another country - I would say that for the average Dane, the US political system is familiar but the one in neighboring Germany, a very important country, is quite obscure in comparison
I'm not entirely sure on the process though
Because the goverment found a loophole while the the population voted no twice..
I can't think about anything Denmark ever has done that would make me angry.
That said, I am of course being quite pedantic
for all it's strengths the EU's mortal weakness is that it is almost totally undemocratic.
what poor people eat for lunch, is what we feed tourists
I find the state tv DR obviously left biased, but in general we have about as much left wing as right wing media outlets, so I guess it evens out.
Then they changed the rules, and you had to pay if you had an internet connection as well, since you could access the public radio/tv station through that as well
>Public health centres for youth provide contraception and STD checks free of charge if you're under \~25
In Danish the case is mostly "What sounds right".
Yup, and in this process we've wasted a lot of tax resources
There's a crapton of evidence for both.
Or Shaving cream or soap
For instance I think the Dutch rabbit-mouth is due to how Dutch is pronounced as is the Slavic hanging cheeks.
Except perhaps Ukraine, where I know for a fact, there has been a least two fist-fights involving more than 3 MP's in the last 10 years
Skåunska sounds super hillarious, but I wouldn't necessarily call it ugly.
It took 5 mins and it was around 11 am...
We successfully shifted the problem!
Not sure if this is well-known but Copenhagen is recognized as the best city in the world for swimming
It was a big no no for swedish people to cross “østersøen” if it was frozen, danes had the right to beat them with a stick
Selling your own organs carries more risk than selling other people's organs
I moved out when I was 18, but could have stayed longer if I wanted to
The idea of a soft k is one of the many reasons why Sweden sucks
Pre-medieval Germanic history is weird
Because extended dental care is really down the list of people's concern
While you're obviously right that Poland could easily take more and that they're making it sound like they have some huge issue which they don't..
Atleast I know that he hired some Danes and Swedes to “help out” down there
What's you're opinion on Danish then?
Ja, min lokale Ikea er vistnok radioaktiv
I feel its a terrible deal
Some say that there are no Greek women
Pay is determined by what they generate but also how easily their skillset is replaceble
Once again, thank you all for participating
We have an exemption for defense in regards to the EU.
"Old people actually interesting nature funny accent"
But complaining about our prices is a pretty Danish thing I guess, hence why people flock in thousands every day to go to Germany to buy candy and beer
>“Facebook is not threatening to withdraw from Europe,” a Facebook spokesperson said, adding that the court filing simply lays out how “Facebook, and many other businesses, organisations and services, rely on data transfers between the EU and the US in order to operate their services
Being colourblind, worse colours could literally not have been chosen for this.
Her kommer jeg
The map is countries in Europe.
I've honestly never tried it nor ever even had the option of trying it
Because ethnic minorities tend not to trouble you when you've deported or genocided them all
I visited back in 2018 with a bunch of my fellow history majors and we ended up being so annoyed at all the mistakes that we filled out a costumer review where we asked them to correct all their mistakes
Both in terms of food and drink, as well as rent and stuff
Genuine question, is it really so bad in US universities that you can't say mankind or humanity for example?
Actually, that’s not entirely true
It’s kind of normal to me in my own city, but in other cities and countries I’m in awe
yeah, Lindisfarne is 793, but the first attack was in 787 already
be up to the individual countries but then that'll just drain the richer (or more welfare-minded) countries when people from other places go there to take advantage of that welfare.
But then we went to Bali for a couple of months and we (the parents) only spoke English to other people, so the kids caught up and soon understood everything
I once overheard an old man saying “she wasn’t the smartest knife in the cupboard”
Yep
ribs and hot dogs for everyone
slut, fart and gift apply to danish as well
They were and still are the presidents of the most powerful country on earth.
There's no ignorance here, only idiocy.
Whether "a" or "an" should be used is determined by the first letter of the following noun, where "en" and "ett" are random based on gendered nouns
Norway and Denmark are both Denmark
And did you forget the times where the donald was the only place to get news on worldwide disasters like shootings because the news subs censored them in the name of pc?
Yes, you know what they say "you can't choose your neighbors". We just got really unlucky with ours, we are taking one for the team
"Halvfjerdsindstyvende" means 70th whereas just "halvfjerdsindstyve" means 70
That being said, the coasts are pretty need due to our policy of keeping them free of buildings and human activities
Have you seen how big it is
Addtional, "väder" seriously, hva' fuck Sverige
And it's ok
) when I go to the Mediterranean over summer, I find myself missing my city after a couple of weeks
One of the arguments for creating a Nordic Union is to become "big" enough for a place at the g20 table instead of just one of us being invited in an observer role.
Having more people demanding resources does not automatically increase the general prosperity level.
So you have to let go of yourself and also start acting a bit differently
I may have been reading some of that "fake news" we've heard so much about, but I've read in a number of articles that while English and Irish are the official languages of the Irish Republic, on the ascension documentation to the EU only Irish was listed...
It's about a young man in the sixties, who spends most of the book being in love with his best friend's sort of girlfriend
I suppose we are the same thing after all :b
[The EU is so big that for most companies it's cheaper to just make all their products compliant with EU standards/regulations than to make separate versions] So the reality is that when the UK makes a trade deal with say New Zealand, then the goods they'll be importing will still be following EU regulations, regulations that the UK now will no longer have any say on
[I'll just leave the daily-mail-o-matic here]
and like, being slow typically is a "nice" way to say something else
>Funny thing is, 40 is also called fyrretyve
As far as I can see, there haven't been any deaths yet though
50 to 60 minutes by bus to University, to work 10 to 15 minutes by cycle
Honestly it's a lot better than when we had Postdanmark
Yes, a lot of the time it is cold and dark here, so you will find a lot of indoor sports and activities
Russia - Rusland
It's a weird expression because I could imagine living together without being married isn't very common in a predominantly catholic country like Poland
The rest of Europe uses whatsapp
More successful parties like Front National or Danish People's Party, would not have gotten to where they are, if not for their efforts to get rid of overt lunatics, particularly anti-Semites.
And that's bad
But in Mandarin they pronounce it differently by spell it the same way Ruidan.
100 years after Hitler was born
I can read all 3 standard written languages, but when it comes to spoken languages, the key factor is the dialects.
And there’s also those stories where he goes and visits schools and gymnasiums
The crazy complex ethnic mosaic over time
In a country as small as Denmark, we have somewhat distinctive dialects from each part of the country, though definitely not from village to village as you describe it
You pay for it with taxes
He also said that the only country I would like is Russia, don't get me wrong I like Russians and have many good friends living there but Putins polices not so much.
The moon doesn't appear to change in size if you walk away from it because it's already very far away, but the buildings get smaller.
:-)
It's getring a little annoying to always say "cozy get-together with friends and family time"
Just the Benelux area alone has a higher population than all of Australia, despite being less than a tenth the size of NSW
I love that Norwegians and Swedes buy beer in Denmaek, because it’s “cheap” but Danes buy beer in Germany because it’s “cheap”
Sure, you can buy old military equipment of all kinds.
A Nordic shipping trade route could divert a lot of activity from pirate and corruption filled areas and the savings in time and fuel equals more wealth generation.
This sub is probably biased since most redditors are younger and more urban than the average population.
Speaking as a Dane, our film industry have always struggled and primarily survived on state funding
I identify with my region, the my country, then Scandinavia, and THEN European
Stille nacht is one of my favourite beers
To see and understand how ethnic minorities are integrated different places in Europe
Or just turn a few corners and see what's there: that part of super central Cph is crammed with all sorts of bars, restaurants, cafés, independent stores, offices, music venues, hotels, churches, cool timber-framed houses, regular peoples' private residences, and even schools and university buildings, so it's not like a CBD where you *only* find boring office blocks with a few chain coffee shops dotted around
>This leadership sucks super much, let's vote for something else
In Denmark I think it was Rema1000 who said they would sell masks for 3,5 dkr which is under 0,5 eur - and then all of the other supermarkets matched that price but its not state regulated
The use of property may be regulated by law in so far as is necessary for the general interest
We really cannot
Weighing his options he might have gotten help from Wikileaks to find safe haven in Russia but this was good publicity for Wikileaks, something Wikileaks relies on since they live on donations.
I'm not sure "xenophobic" is really the right word.
i wonder, can we make a campaign where we encourage the family to offset the bullies
And it was so funny to see everyone take off their masks the minute our train left Denmark and crossed the sound over to Sweden lol (masks are mandatory in public transport here)
I don't understand any of it though.
I still visit, and while it's pretty nice during summer you can rally feel the..
And what we do have, is from public agent
You cannot have a single market without some kind of political union, but we need to dismantle the Schengen and the euro, the two most dysfunctional parts of the union.
Third time this week
It certainly isn't a thing that you should prioritise seeing, it took me several years of living in Copenhagen to see it
I can get one on sale in my local Føtex for 15 euro right now
I can't blame them, no other country other than Denmark can do the Danish accent
Yeah
You can use it for home defence
I think that's what he's doing
I hope equality, freedom, and happiness spreads to all
I can't tell where your numbers are from?
The least corrupt in the world, despite several cases of breach of trust
Our king was a dumbass to go to war anyway
North Korea doesn't trade with anyone, and they've got nuclear arms
Grand Theft Public Funds: Teleorman
For May to think it will continue is just naive.
Accordingly, they use it for a lot of things where others might use gasoline or diesel
We need to get Hungary, Poland and Cypern out of the EU
Denmark has a chicken law, it is up to each municipiality to decide if and how many chickens you can have.
That gives you only two days in each city.
Grew up in Saeby, live in Aarhus
As a Dane not used to volcanos I would be like THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RIGHT NOW
There is no doubt that an EU passport would be weaker than the Danish passport
Did you get to hear your melody
" is spreading
If it takes this long before debt relief is granted than what rational person could think it's a smart thing to aim for?
Since the spelling reform of 1996, you shouldn't do it anymore, ever.
Copenhagen - typical capital stereotypes, elitist, ignorant, snobbish
They forgot to turn off the light
Every time I watch some news from the British parliment (House of commons
Apparently I'm out of the loop.
Doormat to summerhouse
You haven't even heard my grand plans of Malmø FF and Malmø Redhawks joining the Superliga and Metalligaen, yet :)
Personally - and for people I know - it is about price vs
I think EU will help with the metro connection Copenhagen-Malmø and the Femern Belt connection, but I don't know the largest infrastructure project EU should build
I år 2007 svinger priserne på landsplan fra kr
Sounds like the exact same point the Danish prime minister (Anders Fogh Rasmussen) made in a speech to the Arab world in 2005 during the Danish “cartoon crisis”.
You actually say that
You've got sand, maybe mud, water, dirt etc, in your shoes and you just carry it around in your home
And knowing the sort of history of it all made the moment pretty potent, honestly
I have some pretty big doubts about that ever getting built.
My cousin still tells the story about a "crazy American" who sat down with him and his friends at a picnic table and started talking to them, trying to make friends since "he didn't know anybody in town and had recently moved here". But that is mostly because they kept trying to cuing him into the fact that they wanted him to leave, but he didn't.
That's not surprising - that's how most federalists think
They're finally approaching two swedes per Dane which they think is enough to defend Skåne and is thus advertising it publicly
The cafe is supposed to be good, though a bit gross since it sells all of Elvis' favourite foods
Amongst friends money should never be an issue - but parties rarely involve only your friends, which is why the situation is as it is
There are a lot of countries with a fairly strong anti-EU movement, and if the UK leaves, it may well inspire those to push for the same.
People do tend to forget about it, yes
I say we invade America and install a puppet regime
In my experience as a Danish woman who happens to be not-entirely-white, Danish feminism has a loooooooong way to go as far as intersectionality is concerned
The people calling trump hitler are the cause of the insane fearmongering going on, and its completely unjustified
Nederlands electronic music
I suppose one could theoretically argue that the [Raven Banner] was a flag, and I quite like that
Svenskedjævel can never beat us!
So far
Actually why not just split Belgium while we are already splitting Germany?
Yes, it's legal (and I'm surprised to see that it's illegal in so many other countries).
How do is he viewed in contemporary Albanian society and among Albanian historians
Not for me
Yes but as you say that is if you only count the ones where 90% of the country is covered
he works for the university of copenhagen
Trains are hit or miss, sometimes terrible, most of the time okay.
Denmark (+ Greenland), Sweden, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Northern Germany **WHEN** they break free!
Sometimes there are so many tourist around it that you can't get anywhere near it without spending time standing in line
Stakkels dig
Here in Denmark we count cases of beer
The danish doctors have been rather open about not supporting circumsition in the past 20 years, i think this reaction is mostly motivated by the government trying to ban it last year because of muslims.
How's the Swiss work mentality
With the Atheists being the second most popular "Relgious affiliation" (yes i know Atheists take issue with that designation, but theres not really a good word for it besides that)
My cousin is a university lecturer and he says that entitled students are the bane of his existence
I listed those as two outcomes, but even then, most of those countries were really examples of both
When the lavender blooms, it is so pretty
We couldn't understand her, and neither she, nor any of the locals could speak anything but Polish
Did you just very politely ask for his name with a random "kurwa" in the middle of the sentence?
So I always consider letting them stay there as payment covering what we should be paying in NATO, and if they want to leave NATO, they can leave that base
If you get your nutids-rs right, you'll have learned something that the majority of native speakers haven't managed to learn
/r/PassportPorn
and there's 3 different busses going from near my home - and one to my work place
Based Putin
They are certainly quite a bit to the left of danish social democrats and as such I would call them far left if you consider social democrats to be center-left.
Do you have any idea what the students will do now?
German doesn’t have nearly the same amount of words in common
It's about 6 hours by train away from me, but that's why I enjoy it
så ka vi rigtige normænd, Norge, Finland og Island ha en fest uden jeres pylleri!
It could, probably
Fresh fish in general should only smell like salt water, if fish smells, it's has started to go bad, [and produce this very foul smelling amine]
This is a bit ridiculous
We cannot ignore the people who voted for those politicians either.
Do they use am and pm in Spain
Well, that's an improvement
Finlandssvensk is one of the more easy variants of Swedish in my opinion
I totally reject the traditions and honestly they are so capitalistic that it kinda feels like brain wash sometimes
Or a tax when someone eats a specific cake from Fyn
ribs and hot dogs for everyone
This is now all, vacation property
The Vikings were from both Denmark *and* Norway (and Sweden, but shhh)
Memes was never in danger in the first place
TF is wrong with us then, why did we give them the territory
Total annihilation of United States of America, China, and Russia, making Europe the world leader.
Why is it only those 6-9 people who get to sing
Personal experience is that I find cold eggs easier to handle when it comes to Danish meatballs etc, I don't know why
> According to Google, the rate of invalid claims is below 1%.
Being a social conservative means being ok with lying, apparently
> For earth it is way too big scale
UK just might get kicked out in October
I mean it is, but in [packets] Do you guys have a dude the supermarket to cut cheese and salami for you
I mean, Denmark has built up quite a rivalry with Ireland ever since we (the Danes) drew them in the World Cup Qualifying Playoffs in 2017
My blood pressure just spiked
I know it sounds weird
Japan has the oldest
Few things are as depressing as Tromsø wanting to have a modern harbour front or the beton center of Alta
I love it
ALL POWER TO THIS MAN
Some Soundcloud rappers gotta grow up listening to Jethro Tull
but they're not gonna be helpful before 80-100 years
We don't really have the problem in Danish though, as far as I deem - mythological/Norse names aren't common for the most part, but I have a hard time thinking of one that would be very weird
They would pay less, but still
Also, it seems like people are slowly opening up the eyes to the country as a travel destination
I expect a repeat of the of the 2018 WC where we give every team a fight but ultimately narrowly get kicked out in the knockout phase
That's a dangerous question
Yet something can be said for the fact that it doesn't cause cancer (that we know of)
Before they take a hard-exit there are little to negotiate.
> electricity
YES
To focus on latter battles that never amounted to the spoils Denmark gained, is as willfully ignorant as celebrating a ship that sunk on its way out of port #NAVYSTRONG
Don't ask me
I get Lego for Denmark and the Norwegian reference.
The rumours say the French café that popularised it here is the place that sells the most chartreuse in the world
I think this is a regional difference
regardless of what everybody else does
The body is quite resilient
I always carry these 4 things with me everywhere I go: Phone, keys, pocket knife and my wallet with credit cards, emergency cash, drivers license, organ donor registration, misc membership cards and stuff like that
Tada
It says it from 1660 the meaning has properly changed.
I would imagine Kaliningrad
It isn't, many people including me are very proud of how much Romania has improved.
A mixture between of German and English .
The SDU had some sort of seminar that took place at a boarding school (efterskole in Danish)
You hang out in a park, drink lots with friends, listen to political speeches, boo at certain politicians, cheer for others, participate in demonstrations in the streets and most importantly, drink yet even more
We just assumed she would be able to bike
Not true, most jokes are against Sweden
Netherlands for football, and Sweden second
The former foreign minister of Denmark was asked what he thought about Trump.
which means "Beer location"
That way, we can both have a 2nd land border and go visit each other
Til nogen begynder at bygge
tak, takk, danke gracias, gracie pracibo, thanks
Don't know why, but those scissors reminds me of 'børnehave'(kindergarten)
Denmark here and I feel this is common ground: **Do** **not** stand or walk on the bicycle paths or drive side by side when the path is narrow.
Det Danske Spejderkorps are predominantly mixed, but there are a few girl scout (and boy scout) groups e.g. Broager Pigespejder in Southern Jutland
Because that's what it sounds like to us when we say "nederlandene".
30 so for me eating at 21 is way to late
I believe you have misunderstood the quote - it isn't saying the name Austria is connected to the dwarf Austri, it's just listing him as an example of a cognate from the same root *austar
Drop a Scot in New Zealand and another in Moldova and ask them a week in which one encountered the most cultural similarities
[The US numbers are fake and inflated
Well, I am aware of that
” when meeting a foreigner
Also the school did quite I bit
I think if a common European defense fails then that would be the logical contingency plan.
Unless you look very stereotypical you can fit in in most countries in Europe.
"I am out on the island in the river"
No country started out big (or small, medium sized etc).
V O D K A  consumption per capita
But the quote is wrong to say that it's Proto-Germanic
There is no requirement to spend 2 percent.
Those has been her positions all along.
Gi-fucking-gantic
That said, the military areas of Oxbøl are the only places I've wandered where you can go for miles and miles with genuinely *nothing*, just rain and moor and occasionally fake prop-buildings
I definitely think that years of immigration without much concern for cultural and economic integration, coupled with a global network of extremism and conservative dogmatism in the Muslim world has been hugely problematic
I asked her “må jeg betale
Not to my knowledge
He's not American
I'm sure they're not that hard, but the problem is I'll most likely never get to use them and then it'll all sort of be forgotten.
I guess you could say i was scared straight
"Donald Trump said something stupid?
It's a nice way to meet and talk to people if it's a place you're not too familiar with
We don’t talk about the third one though
as a dane im not at all worried, our language is way too old to be replaced, hell, alot of your words came from us
In Danish we have our own equivalent, -en, which is used in place of it (Prussia is Prøjsen, Italia is Italien, etc)
Ironically, the entire thing is located just on the Hungarian side of the border
I know her personally
Moesgaard is a fantastic museum
An indoor rainforest, which is totally worth the money
Has the Copenhageners finally realized, Jylland is the better place to be, or have they just forgotten about us
Rådhuset is City Hall, not Court House :)
We would’ve had a job market like the one in the Industrial age, in which unskilled labour was easily hireable
Then ofcourse came the question of admitting guilt for slavery, following the talks of reparations
You travel the world and rarely find places you would rather live
Ever since the war in the Balkans we have just joined every campaign we could..
In Denmark, we joke about reconquering the Swedish counties of Skåne, Halland and Blekinge (mostly Skåne, as it is the closest to our mainland)
In Denmark you can be married with the parents consent from you are 15.
Driving from one end of Denmark to the other takes about 4 hours.
Only spoken by like 50,000 people, but I plan to move there in a few years so I'm obviously gonna need to learn the language at some point
But, but I thought we were no-mountain bros...
[Faxe Kondi] It's kinda like Sprite but more mild, very popular
Quite small town, but because of our river, we have been a kinda "Trading Capital" in Denmark
this is a map of the air pollution in Denmark.
Is Radler called something else in English?
Dansk Folkeparti has become the the champions of all things russian.
The government decided to deny any guilt and that was pretty much the end of that "renewed" relationship
That's funny, we get a lot of British crime drama
Yeah, i noticed after my post that Skåne in Sweden was marked as Denmark
At the 2018 negotiations between state workers and the regions, 500
>Stk
HI NEIGHBOOR
I actually think we had the same logic and it was part of the reason we went
Are the first that come too mind
Where are the white winters I know and love
the 10% unemployment isnt something that just happened.
I think your problems with Russians as a people (russophobia), is making you hate the song, just because one version of it is in Russian
I wanna thank you for your contribution to science and also showing that you can have a succesful liberal society
I'm 23 and don't know what it is either.
But I don't understand why you'd spend your holiday getting into political debates with locals.
Trump also did horrifically in the polls up to the election.
Pizza was invented in Naples (Napoli) in the late 1800s
Yeah, I definitely think it has to do with treating everyone the same and not having anyone stand out or think they're better than everyone else for a particular reason
I’m disappointed that the Kobold isn’t a tiny dragon person :(
In people's houses [these] are by far the most common type
It is not the first time a Nordic Union candidate tackles along to a g20 summit.
Coffee is isn't culturally big here at all
For example, my mom found our old knight's crest at William the Conqueror's castle, so we know for a fact they served him as knights at the Battle of Hastings
TH ofden becoms F oor D. So "think" becoms "fink" and "the" becoms "de".
Literally *toe curving*.
Yes and I have heard plenty of stories that makes me think the swedish population want to become independent, and I have heard stories how much the finnish speaking population loath the swedish.
Their role was to pick up agents and/or weapons dropped via parachute by the RAF and distribute them to the various sabotage groups in the country
Other nations have state run shipping companies that can run deficits as long as taxpayers are willing to fund them.
If people want to complain about the human rights of the refugees they should take it up with the 75% of the world doing fuck all.
don't ask
There are relatively few poles in europe compared to the amount of people in the us who has a problem with sex.
And that's even his country's fault
Eggs have to be in the fridge in the supermarket
I'd imagine (though I don't actually know) that Cypriots consume a lot more Greek media than the other way around which would make them more familiar with how you speak
Better hide that chart before Eastern Europeans notice that they are NOT being overcharged by Russian Gas delivery (yet)
reintroduce conscription because they're supposedly concerned for their safety
Therefore a lot fo Danes believe that Nutella is German, because the price is a third of what it is en Denmark, but Nutella is also Italian
It might just be the final straw.
I mean jeebus christ, get your shit together and clean your room
I don't think Boris is trolling
And by quite a bit, I mean it has grown a lot
A Danish pastry in Denmark
During the Napoleonic Wars, Denmark attempted to remain Neutral but the Great Powers of Europe had other ideas and the British invaded Denmark in an attempt to seize the Danish fleet
You're _all_ VIP's to us
I went there years ago, and it was just a small house with some old furniture at that point
Insulin, which has probably saved 1000s of life and then Lego, a literal toy
Why would Kosovo care if Serbia does or doesn't approve it?
But what is the point of releasing a blurred photo?
I haven't been to Aarhus since i was a small child visiting my grandparents, so i really can't say
It's incredible how much time and energy they spend on it; I've learned that there is no such thing as 'just food' down there
Vikings were still right here too
[Swedish propaganda has some truth to it]
Most people just need to log in to a government website and check that the numbers are correct.
>  l'hombre, how do you play it
Hey, give me 50 euro and I'll give you 20 euro back, you can spend on what I decide you can spend it on
So eventually nothing big changed for poor Poland after the WW2
I don't
A “new” reform has, generally speaking, pressured around 27 children in a classroom with 1 teacher
I just joined the subreddit today
I work as a truck driver and get up at 4
What you think matters very little in the grand scheme of things.
I prefer the English one, English has kind of become my "online" language, I prefer it over Danish whenever I am online
Terrible
Nope
Swedish is a beautiful language, it's a very melodic language, if you ask me
In Denmark, a land slide election is not a general term for a big change or a large victory at an election
Norwegian: 100%, no problem at all
I remember that I was told many times growing up to never ever joke about WW2 around Germans because they can't handle it
I can't speak for anyone else, and I don't know enough about the subject to say why people *usually* oppose it, but personally, I feel iffy about punishing criminals differently depending on where they were born as a matter of principle.
That Iceland was still under danish rule
I’ve heard in Germany kids still have to learn to write with fountain pens
I don't get why people don't want their candidate investigated.
Chad doctor
So not only did they not take parliament into council, they deliberately misinformed the parliament, which is a breech of "ministeransvarsloven".
You're supposed to put so much pepper and mayo on it it you forget you're eating a potato.
Most people forget that we have another one, "Kong Christian stod ved højen mast" give it a listen on wikipedia, they're different but similar in a way).
The Greenlandic government, for one, is essentially run by the hyper-nationalist urban elite of Nuuk, whose views do not, from what I've heard, represent the broader population
A school teacher earns about 30
Like, even the Socialist movement in the US actively uses the Star Spangled banner alongside their red flags
Gee, almost like your lazy ass asked a stupid question because you clearly didn't read the article
In Denmark you qualify for social services once you're a citizen, so I think it's fair if we required the Danish citizenship to be the only one you have
Is it time to do a reverse WW2 and ship the jews to safety in Denmark?
Like you
A while back when the foreign investments into DKK was at their peak there was a lot of speculation that the Danish central bank would have to break the peg if the currency kept trying to spike, but the central bank responded in ways the investors hadn't predicted and instead released billions and billions of DKK while lowering interest rates to below 0% in order to force the DKK to maintain the peg.
On the way there the bus was pulled over by police and everyone checked
We are no fans of the old Prussia and the war monger Bismarck though
Just have to get used to it
I visited the Sachsenhausen camp once
I know a couple of lines of the anthem of Sweden, Norway, Germany and Great Britain
I will never understand ananas (hah
Vent er det der Lalandia kommer fik sit navn fra
Grädde (Swedish) cream
1990
I know that the museum Rungstedlund is dedicated to the preservation of Karen Blixen's home and some of her art
One lasted half a year and saw 10000 dead
I'm not aware
this doesnt look too bad either
I know that’s nothing, but I don’t recall experiencing anything worse
which they needed because of terrible mismanagement of the whole "how to country" part
But to me, they Do have a bit of a similar feel
Shut up Eu, just shut the fuck up!
About 3 % compared to 14 % now.
godnat og sov godt
Choosing - and making rules, bases on the gender of a person is inherently a bad idea
It is however a bit weird that they use "EU" in the link when it is clearly the single market.
Also if you are poor and receive benefits, the state pays all expenses up untill 10000 dkk per treatment
GB's flag was England's and England's was ''somewhere else's, but not sure where''.
It's crazy that the budget is not adjusted to the UK leaving and now EU even wants to borrow extra money, that we are responsible to pay back
If I had to exchange my city for an American one I'd be quite OK with Seattle.
Lego has long since lost any protection of its basic brick design, even though that was developed decades after Mickey Mouse
There’s plenty of folklore to draw inspiration from after all
Same here for both Z, W and Q
So people still call it email, but most people just say mail
It's just a matter of how people feel.
Not to mention it only cost 1/10 to build a bicycle road than a vehicle road and the overall maintenance is so much cheaper you really can not compare the two
Don't the Seal People in [The Eagle] speak Gaelic
See Utrecht, Netherlands for an example of how a city center can be reclaimed for pedestrians/cyclists
It's not as offal as everyone says
This accounts for a large portion of Spain's alleged income, for example
Well, we're the only Scandinavians that can spell properly, but perhaps we should pronounce written Danish in Norwegian, lol
The product was available in multiple languages
Umm
I keep seeing this and I still don’t get it
From a Swedish wiew, Denmark bad, Norway nice
I see your point, but: Well first of all, there was also Orla Østerby and the unnamed guy from DR who Maria Fantino accused of asking her to have sex with his wife while he watched
* Croatia: Sending England home last year
They also tend to have thinner/smaller mouths and a faceshape that I generally don't see outside the UK
Ha, if you speak English with that Irish accent; everyone will love you here
well
"Nothing comes easy" is wrong, because investing is very easy, "nothing comes fast" is the actual truth
TIL that there are different decks of cards
Not the most unique thing here, but I live in Sønderborg right down by the water of “Flensburg Fjord” so I can see Germany from my window
Although it has to be said that they have really integrated well in Denmark and have become quite well educated.
I will never forget the time i ordered a ‘medium’ soda and it was like 0,8 L
His description of the last 150 years of Swedish history would be disputed by other people
Do all of you hate everywhere in your country
Is Lucia a pagan tradition
I'm working with an Egyptian, who told me that this is almost like fall in Egypt
Just stick to that
What will this men for the average Joe
I get you're point about "fuck the system" but i think the result of this referendum is more about Italien voters not feeling comfortable about giving more powers to the prime minister.
same as all the Commonwealth Countries...
I'll do anything you want, 37 hours / week...
It's using statistics to make predictive guesses.
this song is actually amazing, and the lyrics are just so
I think it's just too easy to "blame us" though
-Denmark
If I had an attractive job offer in a safe area I might consider moving as a single adult
“Honestly, as a teenager, homework was a town in Russia to me”.
In Europe even the deniers wear masks
It's like we've reached critical mass.
Skåne is just as weird to us as it is to you
Just look at capitalist nations like Denmark, Sweden and Norway that have massive public sectors and healthy social security nets, these nations all operate under capitalism and have been able to maintain massive social programs to the benefit of all their citizens
But we aren't losing the cathedral, only the originality of the parts destroyed
When we were in Czechia this summer we had a recouring problem where we only got a relatively small plate of food everytime we went out to eat
Personally i never understood the point of a capital city
I like how 3 is in a red zone
Most of us have heard stories from the war from our loved ones (mostly granparents)
But then again that is 3,5% of the population (56483 people as of last september)
I'm pretty sure that all Cocio is produced in Esbjerg, which is also the only location they mention on their website
In Danish and I think other Scandinavian languages we have the word “grød”, which covers both oatmeal but also things like rice porridge
Attack helicopter etc etc
Sex education in week 6 (sex and the number six is pronounced the same in Denmark) all up until 8th/9th grade
Early election is comparable to fascism
Kangerlussuaq is where the largest airport in Greenland is situated, and the airport is main connection between Greenland and the rest of the world with a daily (at most) arrival from and departure to Copenhagen.
The language of whereever you're living
I bought a 200 gram piece of parmesan the other day
Gosh everyone can into Nordic...
I do know the general hatred towards the Turks because of the political stuff on here but the thing is at least they are more civilized and europeanized than these radical people who migrated from the Third World countries
I remember it being used in the early 90's.
However, I’ll try anyways, haha
On top of the landscape being very unique, the wildlife is super interesting too
I dont get why we dont have a general requirement to wear masks
Moral of the story
So give it back
In exchange they are funded largely by the government
The hate for Israel, which claims to be **the** Jewish state, has definitely fuelled the hate for Jews in general in the middle east.
U really think I would take advice from a Swede
And Italians just taking pictures of it and chilling
She must have had some savings or other stuff that made her ineligible
The only one that comes to mind is one that many regards as satire already (though no one is sure) though.
These are american mink
Greece - Grækenland (Greek-country)
If they stick to the East Asian way of parenting, of behaving etc
Mostly ancient Greece though
The tale goes as follows: in the 1330s to 1350s or so Denmark had been invaded by the Germans (btw, recommend everybody interested in history to read the history surrounding this, its some GoT shit - literally a battle of kings)
I avoid the centre like the plague and mostly spend my time in just my neighbourhood, which is only just being built up, so there aren't too many people out here, yet
The problem i was trying to convey is that many of them are grouped quite closely together
Snake is slange in Danish, and orm is generally considered to apply to worm :) but orm actually means any long creature without legs (including worms, snakes, dragons, you name it)
Norway feels more similar than Sweden
Rise of the Persian empire - Anatolia gets rolled over
Oh yeah, and the Canadarm
And I. Am NOT
That seems way too forward for Danes to be comfortable with
They have to ask, it's simple
Other than that, things that are important to me includes:
Thats weird, we call those håndbajere (hand beers).
And for the love of god, don't ask if Denmark is in Sweden
I some how thought it was Norwegian, as Spar in both my own language, and in Norwegian means "To save" (monetarily)
There are very few nationalists
What you call tolerance, i call spineless.
- Vikændt
That's interesting
Luckily Denmark isn't that big, so I'm usually back home every evening
The hero we need but don't deserve.
I believe that will just lead to more damage long term, as it will take way longer for people to stop circumcising
So you can’t be that unimportant
Copenhagen feels the most foreign particularly in the summer during tourist season where even a native dane will be mistaken for a foreigner in the shops
I've had some a few years back, that called earlier than the listed time on that chart as well
Yeah that's right
There will either be independent European nations or there will be an EU, not both.
I guess part of the reason was that Denmark had more to loose than to win in a few of those games
I also don't generally introduce myself or ask them their name but that's just regular ol' social awkwardness
There have been waves of devoutness following bigger wars such as WW2 around Europe.
His seal could be in a relationship with someones wife
I'm not sure how true it is but there's also this idea that it can be hard to travel in Spain if you get outside of the major tourist spots because of the language barrier
Sweden: getting our dog
Thanks dad
I’m sad to hear that
The same goes for Halloween, a holiday I don't celebrate and find kind of obnoxious and annoying
Mountains of the Netherlands
First man in space is amazing
It was a complete with its own culture and traditions
They love their markets in Berlin, no matter the weather.
The contingent was stationed in Southern Tyrol, where they were supposed to guard the Austrian/Liechtenstein border against Italian troops
The barrol, also used quite alot
Do you live in a small town where everyone works at the local slaughter house or something?
If you give up on investing because "well I won't be a millionaire tomorrow, so what's the point", you won't move one bit economically
Denmark, however, has no history with Greenland prior to owning it
Response was slow, and idiots were being idiots, but most people were actually dealing with it somewhat decently
Ötscher, YËS!
isolation and harsh conditions brought quite a few old scandinavians together
Is this the same Oswald Mosley who got utterly humiliated in [The Battle of Cable Street
Here's a link to the YouTube video that shows how earthquakes happening at remote locations can cause slushing of the water:
Army and police are deployed to ensure the killing is done as swiftly and efficiently as possible
Away from København)
Øbåmæ
I can take a step outside my front door and see several flags every single day here
It's not like it'll suddenly make life massively better for the Catalan people or whatever these days anyway so I think foreign relations should be prioritised over feels.
* Clinical dieticians
The only countries in Europe that are higher is Vatican City and San Marino
Wouldn't it be more reasonable to display all the thicknesses in 64ths
>Unity across national boundaries
Do you get to pay extra taxes if you call your services magic
[Great video on the subject here]
Oh, I meant more like other Asians saying "Why do you assume I'm Chinese?" as if it's something bad.
Churches are filled in the US on Sunday mornings, but here in Denmark there's very few people in them - my local church will be have 5% of seats taken on a good day.
You miss the point, I don't know if it's on purpose
[Copenhagen/Great Copenhagen train stations directly translated ]
I once saw a kid in a cathedral stomp on the balls on a Jesus relief on the ground
I use olive oil for Southern cuisine and butter for more Northern things
This is also only the case for English-speaking countries
I don't care if that means he has to be imprisoned for the rest of his life.
The reason is that DK has been inhabited by the same people for many thousands of years, so that the dialects on two islands may have had millennia to diverge
Is it survival friendly
They were somewhat of a menace and can be compared to the Trade Federation in Star Wars
etc
The majority of Denmark's pastry traditions are heavily influenced from Immigrated Austrian bakers in 1850, so
We'll send all the Danish Peoples Party first, and you take care of them, then we surrender.
* Lem (Penis)
Don't miss the midges though, any chance of them being eradicated
Do they mean like when the US was founded and intended.
In youth friend circles are pretty fluid but after that it’s like people retrieve into the same 2 friends
Or words where the word have a different meaning:
It's much easier to ban the use of these pesticide, than to make everyone agree not to use it.
I really want to go there again
Same
I cannot think of any other sport that has the ability to attract the scum of society in such large amounts as football
I ''saw'' the Starry night in New york
You can always spot the locals as people sitting along the harbour with cans they bought from the kiosk down one of the side streets for a fraction of what they cost at the restaurant 10 metres away
Being danish, I think it's a good thing to have those cultural traits, and I wonder why you don't.
During the 2016 migrant crisis, one of Turkeys demands was that the EU accession talks were reenergized.
The former might be more visible, and make it easier to go "oh, we're so diverse", but is it?
But i've heard that if you're part of a shooting range for many years, and have no criminal or bad behavior noted down anywhere, you can bring the gun home, but i'm pretty sure you wont ever be allowed to take bullets home.
The closest in English would be “eyern”
They work under the prime minister
> And the last bit you just pulled it out of your ass
You are a native, I get loving your hometown - I love mine as well
Yes
Don't add wind to the equation, that's a chillfactor on top of everything else :(
I, at least, didn't learn any Shakespeare in HTX
Oh my, I had no idea
Even after that it may take a while.
The first country to legalize porno
First of all, in response to u/Wandsethal - we didn't want continued control over Holstein or Lauenburg.
Yes, of course :)
I love Sweden T-shit would be hilarious, I would certainly find it funny if someone walked around with that in Denmark.
On the other hand
Did you go to a public school
Let people know that you're learning Danish, that you'd like them to speak Danish and that you'd like them to correct you.
Almost Every Region/Island has it's own Dialect
Are you sure you're Swedish
I think it's mainly about it looking weird when 500 year old buildings are right next to new glass and concrete buildings.
After it was done, we stood outside for pictures, and there was this huge group of retirees on a guided tour
This would be the most common Danish reaction too.
Depends on your dialect
For people who are fascinated by Europe in the middle ages up to the enlightenment, i can strongly reccomend the game eu4
Cannes is another day trip from there.
* Oil: 3,1 %
Thank you all so much once again and have a nice day
He's probably the scum of the Earth
Then we could have joined later on, but the EU would not have been stuck and made most Europeans sick and tired of it.
It can lead to funny misunderstandings
Until you called it a deli counter I had kind of forgotten they existed as the shops I usually frequent don't have them
I know they are more of the mainstream Italian ones, but I really like [ll Volo]
As a Copenhagener, I’m trying to understand what people don’t like about it
Oh, you can buy them everywhere in Denmark
They are approaching Italy in terms of deaths per capita
You clearly don't understand how the law generally works.
Of course there can be exceptions to this (I have a friend whose best friends are her neighbors whom she first met after moving into her apartment building), but you shouldn't have an expectation that you'll get to know all of your apartment neighbors personally
If 40% of our work goes towards helping others, the society that we are part of, that doesn't seem excessive to me.
Because unfortunately some people don't believe cats should be considered pets
but as with any other place on the internet, people keep writing "then" when they mean "than"
I just went to the dentist an hour ago, and I can show you the bill
But tbh, compared with what most of the rest of the world is going through with quarantine and restrictions, social life being slightly restricted, my daily life is not all that different from before
Lots of culture and stuff to do
Yes we have, here are some of the transitions:
I have lots of opinions about many different aspects of the USA.
Changes to laws should be made in the legislative chambers, not by mobs in the street
Not well known, but I love Alessandro Cortini
Right now power is solidly in the hands of the states and they are unwilling to give that up in order to make the EU more democratic.
Celebrate with a healthy amount of vodka, and insults to the swedes.
I've never been a big fan though, they seem awfully buggy
Never annoyed, anyone who tries speaking Danish needs all available encouragement
Just been in Nove Mesto nad Metuji and at the Adrspach rocks
No big deal
Yes
Slovakia is amazing
He used IMF projections I had not seen that.
I simply pointed out how moronic your argument was.
> On the other hand, there is a lot of ways you can get injured by a knife that doesnt involve violence
What's the problem with him trying to inform about the differences in firearms?
Switzerland
Hope they find the guy soon and leave him to rot in a cell
Polluted wells are closed
Its funny that there are so varied beliefs on Nynorsk
Haven't seen that one anywhere else
I’m not the biggest fan of the conservative Turkish leader but you guys cannot summarize this as ethnic cleansing the fighting with terrorist organizations in the middle east
I must've seen it there
Damn, I miss Rufus, guy was a true legend
This is a solid idea
Speed limits help limit the damage accidents cause
they got hot dogs of course, but also burgers and a few other typical things
I agree that it's geographically more in the middle East
You'd often have to travel back on yourself in order to get from a to b. Renting a car makes it easier, but it's still hard
Supporting islamic terrorism in Europe is not free.
Let's just agree that it is all shit.
First floor is the one above ground floor
The solution is for Greenland and the Faroes to stop jabbering on about independence
Most think UK would be better off on their own.
You can love Europe and it's people without fancying a federal union.
I explored ever street of my home town, every corner, every path
The neighborhood went from full steam ahead and people over bidding to get the apartment.
I’ve seen them a lot in the suburbs, e.g Stavtrup (Aarhus)
There's nothing wrong with doing so.
How about the Vatican
Socialdemokrat
How can we predict what they might do?
I am currently just barely pro-EU, but if any such initiative was started, I would immediately be absolutely opposed to it, and the continued existence of the EU in general.
Change the format to something like the electoral college from US.
Moosefuckers
I assume you mean "What language can people communicate with?" rather than "What language are their mother tongue/native language they speak at home?"
Take notes Canada
Does the rule still not apply to Faroe islands and Greenland
The only "Nordic" country to not increase its military budget yet is my country Denmark.
Even in the so-called "fishing town" on the west coast it's a tiny minority of people who are actually fishermen.
He's definitely fotoshopped into that picture
Basically they made the streets very unsafe and Pegida look good.
Trump isn't that scary once you take a step back and realize he has no support from the establishment
Scotland deserves socialism good and hard, no doubt
Close, very close my Irish friend
extremely popular though - even my mum knows her
Decades of lax immigration policies and this is the result
They're quite right wing in every regard.
The general feeling is that we will miss you when you are out
I am actually surprised to see that Monaco has a monarchy
This might actually be the push the EU has been needing.
If Spain won't let you have duel citizenship and you think your true identity is Romanian, then why don't you live in Romania
It's simply the way he wants people to view it, instead of how it is
Machu Picchu Inca Trail availability?
Eat beets and cry a lot
wtf
Being Danish I’ve never experienced anyone remembering WWII like that, and it honestly made me grateful for how lightly my country got out of it
"Wow, I can almost understand it
Not really
Only two vowels more
"Huh" would be my answer, I guess
In Copenhagen, they are installing an artificial ski slope on the newest one, so you obviously can't emit toxic exhaust gas there
The following morning we were hungry and bleary eyed, and spotted what looked like an inn, so we went inside to get something to eat
It is not just a question of "unwillingness to restructure debts", though that would of course have been a good thing to do.
And, is it true that *pus* means kiss
I always knew we never stood a chance
The F?
Jeg ved det, prøvede bare at få det til at ligne det rimede med jeg
It doesn't mean Portuguese and Finnish cultures aren't different.
She fought for YPG (a milita in connection to the PKK).
yes it is
The smallest A size bottles are just a joke
"May your ass itch and your arms be too short"
Christel Schaldemose (Socialdemokratiet) (NO/YES)
Some (usually small) stores only take Dankort, most banks in my experience don't allow you to use Debit contactless etc.
RUB is actually [surging] in the wake of the American precidential election.
The video only insinuates so I guess it will not cause to much discomfort for the younger generation.
There is an income bracket where free childcare is possible.
Møgel is a pretty archaic word in Danish, coming from the Old Norse word "miklæ", meaning big or large, as in Miklagarðr(the large town), the Old Norse name for Istanbul
I like Risengrød, but used to hate Risalamande with a burning passion
The majority opposing much of the policies these three parties advocate is still there.
But the only thing we're certain of is that there was a powerful viking chieftain named Regnar who laid siege to Paris in 845, and got a huge payment from King Charles the Bald to fuck off
I wanna hug the driver of that truck
What people are ignoring here is that one of the few previous times this law was used was in 1938, where 4 people were arrested for anti-Semitic activities.
That is worthy of a /r/europe header.
I for one support basic income for robots aswell.
And within our current economical status-quo, the current materialist conditions, aka the economical base(Hence why we talk about base and superstructure), we see that the liberal ideology prevails(in various forms, that is granted, noone in their right mind would argue that the form it takes in Germany is the same as the form it takes in Peru, yet both are, in the broad sense of the word, liberal)
Great people with great work ethic
If you didn't know, then why on earth would you make such a strongly worded statement on it
In Denmark, you just use your drivers license or passport.
Thanks
The national anthem of Romania [English translation]
Also while we can understand English quite well, some few official paperwork is Danish only.
I don't think that would be very smart of Hungary.
You are perhaps living in Greater Copenhagen without even knowing it:
The US, meanwhile, has much less dialectal diversity - insanely little, compared to the land-area
I just used three random letters and the shortest domain
"Danskere er født med en bajer i hånden"
About a year and a half later I felt confident enough in my English skills to watch youtube videos in English
We are also taught German and French (and may choose more languages) but few are fluent
Because the EU has in many cases been a big proponent of immigration and has definitely given many the impression that they value foreigners more than Europeans.
But Bornholm is Denmark
The 'double game' benefits a lot of politicians, and it was an added bonus that the UK used to take all the blame, because they are so big.
In Denmark er have a "statsminister" which is translated to Prime Minister
nothing
I'm not saying everyone over night should use the Euro just like that
If you can think for yourself
210
80 - firs or firsindstyve
Lately our previous government decided to move lots of the essential institutions outside the capital
I know i’m about to be downvoted into oblivion by Le Atheists but i think this is sad
Their ambivalence resulted in Leopold's creating a colony on his own account.
don't forget Belgium
So I'll have to say nonsense
Jesus Christ, here it is 180%....
Hey, gotta sell it to the tourists somehow.
He is probably the biggest one, especially since he sold out to Sweden of all places
Are you referring to the 2014 russian annexations
Honestly, I use the Danish wiki most of the time
So what we import is irrelevant
He's definitely fotoshopped into that picture
When Suspekt is giving concerts, this song is of course one of their main hits, and the lyric (or chant) is added to the instrumental part of the chorus "Jeg har kneppet til den her sang" (literally: "I've shagged to this song / while this song was playing)
I’m a language lover who’s now learning his fifth European language, and i love to share my experiences with it
The photographer is very far away from the buildings.
The rhyme scheme and number of syllabels are not consistent with the danish version
In more and more countries, the feeling is spreading that it's a big lobbyist haven that undermines our democracy and doesn't really do much good.
What it was, however, was one power in a world of competing powers
This is a song which is often a stable of danish funerals
Denmark had been neutral more or less since the thrashing in 1814 As did Sweden.
Her Danish is a little rusty, but that's about as insignificant as a detail can be.
Yep and that is what most of the EU doesn't understand.
PS: It's not every version of capitalism that allows for total commodification of people's health
It's the last "meal"but it's not uncommon to grab a snack later on, but usually not a full meal
I would say the best friend Denmark has in terms of shared culture, language and citizens liking each other, would be Norway
I'm talking about the private and commercial uses of our flags compared
The inverse, however - the ostracising if not downright persecution of conservative voices, is far more common
The majority of Denmark's pastry traditions are heavily influenced from Immigrated Austrian bakers in 1850, so
Because a friend of mine threw a snowball through the shooters window
fuckin' commies
This means that when I am talking about being pro-labour, I am talking about the ideologies that are not the dominant ideology, not the superstructure, but rather are pro-labour in that they aim for a change in ideology from a liberal ideology to an ideology for the continuation of the emancipation of the labouring class
I know the german really well Cause i’m part german but i also know the melody of the UK and irish pretty well
generally people go to town halls if they wish to find out what the candidates stand for or to ask them a question...
If you really want/require it then meet some locals and politely bring it up they will properly be able to help you, also we mainly smoke hash.
Pay your own bills, do your own laundry etc
Yes
which is a much more powerful message to send for unions and parties, IMO
God no, Germany may have many incredibly beautiful women but the typical woman you see there is a lot uglier than here.
That was just robbery of the Greek state.
I get 1000/1000 Mbit for about 13€ in Denmark
Brought the refugee crisis on us and created ISIS for one.
Would you say that the brits ruined Britain
Aye, I actually never thought about this, but the Knight is our hero archetype
The metro connection will be more direct to Malmø and only take about half the time of the train
I guess
Wow
True, although there can be no question that Turkey doesn't treat the Kurds fair to put it mildly, calling it ethnic cleansing might be taking it too far
Every time I need to search something up in Portuguese, every single result is in Spanish
Theres a very overlooked ruin of a tower part of medieval fortification in the middle of busy intersection
nobody knows what Estonia is
Snaps is a ceremonial thing at best
Of course you have, its just strange that even after all these houndres of years, the canons are still there
The law of Jante is basically a long list of sentences which exclaim that you are nothing compared to the collective
It honestly really sucks that is the political situation in Sweden, its the only thing keeping me from wanting a full scandinavian federation.
I have never noticed a difference besides the word for *window* and that is *fönster* in Swedish but *vindue* in Danisch (and I think Norwegian)
The nordic countries melt at 10 degrees just imagine how we are feeling right now
Selvstændighed for Grønland indebærer, at Grønland overtager højhedsretten over Grønland
It's the two party system that breeds gridlock and ineffectiveness from selfishness
That seems about right, but where can you see this information
The Electoral College is workong as intended (other than faithless electors), the weird thing is the overreach of the federal government
You may consider him a legitimate target
These are pretty funny
Just hover over someones name for it to appear
Denmark has changed what areas it controlled several times each century in the last millenium, there is no definite area over long periods
The second movie ends with her reciting the Danish constitution in Danish
Even our weathermen will go "Mosenkonen brygger" if there's a thick fog coming :)
If you continue up the small road, you'll eventually get to a little village called Serniga
Don't know if it counts but we have really heavy dialects that can be very hard if not almost impossible if you aren't from that part of the country
I’m not too sure, but I think you might be right
Yeah, I've only encountered people being addressed by their last names when they are either being made fun of for being up their own arse or something like that, or when its used as a nickname
I'm always railroaded into building it.
I just wish they'd send a calendar invitation along, so I wouldn't have to type it in myself, but that's just me being lazy
This included visa free travel.
When did EU become this piece of trash system
The sun is shining
Stadig en bunke lort
Night temperatures over 15 degrees more or less makes us melt
Was it related to his alleged affinity for goats?
Depending on the part of Copenhagen that you want to live in, you can either get an about 45 sqm apartment, or about 100 sqm near the outer edges of the capitol area
Couldn't hunting and wild life laws not just be managed by the individual län?
But seriously, the positive feedback loops of even "just" 0
It's a matter of semantics
In Denmark, you either study "Civilingeniør i X (Bachelor)", which is a 3-year bachelor degree with the same classes as a engineering degree that guarantees you entry into a 2-year Civilingeniør program in the same category.
First of all, i feel danish
I can’t remember the last time I had eye contact with a Dane, they always avoid conflict:)
Theres a very overlooked ruin of a tower part of medieval fortification in the middle of busy intersection
I think in Denmark students used to wear them longer than they do now
Well Australia pays into the ECB..
Wow, take it easy buddy
A police officer and a soldier both serve to enforce the state's rule.
So you have never been to like Galata Tower, or Hagia Sofia
You are ok with a guy saying stuff like that there are too many Morroccans and he "will take care of that"
>they settled on popular drinking song "Helan går".
It makes sense, but it’s weird, right
It’s at least better than being called Russian, right
Right now in DK we have light from 7:45 ish to 16:30 ish
When I spoke to the bank (Nordea) they said that they had seen trends in several cards in a short time span and closed them all.
The short version: You can defend yourself with the same force as you're receiving
Yes, but the Dutch shares this weird "potato in mouth"-ish speech pattern with us
Danes had already visited in preceding years
Nobody really claims it unique, it's just English-speaking media, that discovered they didn't have a direct equivalent word in English
No, normal supermarkets will sell the cheapest beers at around 3 kr
> I've always wondered how it's like to be able to just casually go there if you want to
I’ve known normal people who thinks it’s perfectly acceptable to just take an unlocked bike
Drop all pretense of abiding by international laws and stop enforcing our laws that parliaments and citizens have built and just let them decide where they get to live?
They don't ask you about the national budget either.
"brought to you by First Czech-Russian Bank - making quality loans available everywhere (no strings attached)"
Sten - saks - papir (stone-scissor-paper) in danish
The danes are just vibing
I think a lot of people in Copenhagen has a decent grasp of Swedish since Malmö and Cph are super interconnected
I own a motorcycle and live in an apartment with a roommate.
The only large states that don't have overwhelming tendencies towards single languages dominating are either recent or not very cohesive and fraught with infighting
Sankt Hans, maybe
The lack of cashless payment is astounding
Wait a minute
Why is Italy constantly on the verge of going bankrupt then
At the time: no strong feelings either way.
totally, when me a danish person speaks english with a french guy its becuse we where colonised
These people who commenting like “Armenia is in Europe” do not even know what they are defending for
That doesn't excuse their terror of course but it's not at all like what we're seeing these days.
You can click [this link] to see how it's done
If I have to pay it was mainly Norway's fault anyway.
Whether they handle this themselves or pass it on to the manufacturer is their problem, but as the seller, they have to service the product according to the usual product warranty regulations.
Live in Copenhagen, but am from Jylland - I've literally never seen a fish'n'chip shop in Denmark
It just fills you up in a way other food doesn't.
i had to lug some suitcases and travel by train, and i was literally dripping with sweat outdoors
She'll bugger off to Canada or some Caribbean island, and I don't demand her
The English word "ventilator" is often translated into "respirator" in other languages
We were mostly saved by the Dutch and the fact that Carl Gustav died in the middle of the occupation
So they may have way fewer influenza deaths this year for all we know
No problem indoors
'Cause Brexit was basically built on lies, and holds no ACTUAL benefits for Britain
Denmark: In my opinion, Kapringen (in English: A Hijacking) or Kvinden i Buret (English: The Kepper of Lost Causes) are some of the best danish movies ever made.
I just followed your tag lol
Asia]
A useful Wikipedia
Shit is flat and filled with tiny, badly maintained villages
The majority of the underage porn was produced in other countries such as Thailand and the Philippines and then sold here
Isn't this the society we should all strive for?
Normally from around 8-12 years old
I suck at german️
Few countries indeed have warred as much, and spilled as much of eachother's blood, as Denmark and Sweden
Not sure if it's the same, but I once tried committing suicide by pulling a plastic bag over my head, counting on eventually passing out when I had used up the air.
They've got a lot of good people working there and do some great studies too
poor swedes
What is it with Belgium and their sense, or lack of sense, of architecture
Cultural difference is not the same as disagreeing on a couple of political things
The     Central Union for Child Welfare “considers that circumcision of boys     that violates the personal integrity of the boys is not acceptable     unless it is done for medical reasons to treat an illness
If you would thank your roof, would you say:
To know not to boil a steak, fry uncooked pasta and bake salad leaves
anyway
That means that if that 200 people have high grades, the grade average is high, but if they don't then it's low
Amongst friends money should never be an issue - but parties rarely involve only your friends, which is why the situation is as it is
>Those churches where you sing
Awesome job
We'll all be puppet states of some psychotic foreign powers.
in Denmark
Huh
Here in Denmark we often (always
Also, some exams are cancelled, so we only have 3
You mean letters
This
Do i have to remind you how a [map of Denmark] looks like
I had no clue
Fake, this video clearly shows more than four meters of road without roadwork
Denmark so small the number doesn't event fit om there
I don't know
Is it positive or negative that Trump is delegating this to Mike Pence instead of letting his own unbiased opinions lead the way to enlightenment?
No one around me really cares, but I always have an hesitation moment before pouring
Unless the names are hyphenated to form just one name any other surname is considered a middle name (or firstname in systems that don’t use a middle name)
I love the Spanish reaction to snow
We say ones before tens as well
So stop buying oil
Soon 2020
It's sad
It's one of those things I simply don't get when people talk about racism etc.
Pilou Asbæk should play Prince Henrik
And the mass of citizens so boned
Fair enough, if those are the criteria we set, then I agree
at least until 1943, when our grand coalition government stepped down because they refused to introduce the death penalty
The firewall is mostly an economic tool, to prevent western companies from completely taking over the chinese market and upset the trade balance.
Same
There are other options for this that actually matter.
You're not missing much
If a Dane with really low intelligence moved from Denmark to Sweden, the average IQ would rise in both countries
First time I was in Barcelona (in '97, I think) I saw a guy casually picking lifting the purse off a scantily clad tourist's shoulder, and run off
im Danish
Norway in handball
Only when the solar system is completely depleted, which will take a long time
Mind you, I'd say well over half of the expats I dealt with was from UK, Germany, and France (mostly Germany, mind you), so people do move out from those countries
It seems that the leader of labour was also semi-against EU.
Like "how many vacation days do Danish people get" or "the length of maternity leave" and the Americans are always dumbfounded
Students at higher education are paid 830 euro a month by the government
But we never have forest fires here
>Oslo
But strangely used the library attatched to the museum many times
And when the Social Democratic Party then chooses to sacrifice their pro-labour stance in return of the PM-position, then I get a problem with it
I respect that argument, well put.
Its how the State Broadcast system works in states that have them...
I think, and that is just my gut feeling and opinion, that if the center on both sides works out some kind of plan for the future of Europe, limits the immigration a bit, and insists on westernizing Islam, Wilders and the rest of the freakshow will go away.
I had a student who one day came and asked me if he was someone was saying "a coffee, please" wrong, since baristas would always reply to him in English after he said it
And soon as they’re actually leaving “hey we’re bringing them back
Sounds scary to me, I'm happy we've moved beyond that
[Here's an example from the 40s] and [the same place today]
Well it will strengthen the EU, with more cooperation between our countries and less individual nationalism/isolation (closed borders)
Nah
[I recorded a gif of the fisting incident after seeing the video on a danish news site
How does this work in big cities like Vienna
All of the internet in America-centric
The Danes voted yes to a trade union.
Sweden has never ruled Denmark
There are no big topics for conversation that is off the table but use good judgment if you bring up religion or politics of course.
he shot down a  F16 (while also getting shot
These days, hardly anyone watches the Swedish channels, so it makes sense that younger Danes start understanding Swedish less
Mulțumesc frumos
The Mediterranean sea water is warmer than Scandinavia
Even though my family background is as middle class as they come, due to health issues that have affected my ability to complete a uni degree and subsequently find work, I am also part of the financial underclass that mainstream feminists tend to ignore
The Norwegians settled Ireland and Scotland and the north Atlantic, while the Swedes went east and founded Russia
Oh, I’m sure you knew
(Nice free dinner haha)
Damn, I miss danish summer
Hotel
we have jews here, right
It's a bunch of work for bureaucrats, no doubt about it, but it's fairly straight-forward.
We were too
When they all shifted to Russian, that led to a much more homogeneous linguistic situation
Brand new 777, where I was lucky enough to have the four middle seats all for myself
"though often imagined as fair and naked today, in folklore he was more frequently described as wearing more or less elegant clothing"
That's just franskbrød (french bread) and it's just carbs, carbs and a bit more carbs.
Yup, same here
"sikke" is easier to pronounce than "vilket", in my opinion
Let me suggest operation "Slong of God"
A Chinese girl in front of me did not know the dish and put small frikadeller in the tartelet shell and the stuffing on the plate
Border regions are quite integrated with people living in one country and working in another such as the Greater Copenhagen metropolitan region:
Trust in your fellow man
Yes, yes it is
Most *language* jokes are against us
You live in a really beautiful place.
I'm sure they are able to produce cans with other languages than Danish printed on them
Thanks
Two administrative staff to handle the paperwork, and the founder
It would be naive to think that you get trade relations up with the EU the way the situation looks now.
Og jeg har heller ikke hørt den fra mine venner fra andre dele af Jylland, men det er naturligvis ikke ens betydning med at dem fra vest Jylland ikke har den stereotyp
The shop you bought it from, wherever it is (as long as it's within the EU) is responsible for the warranty.
Not a building, but when you mentioned the Statue of Liberty, I immediately thought of this huge beast:
Kinda looks like a spider from this angle
you think somehow british athletes became great at cycling and athletics and all these sports that have never been clean in any way, without doping?
Abe: ape and monkey
At the last election 14 parties were on the ballot, of which 10 was elected
No it does not
Flag
So far English is the easiest language I have learned (the others being Danish and German)
But it's been a mild one this season
When you try some bullshit water and sugar pills for a few weeks instead of going to the doctor, you might actually make it worse
I was in Gothenburg two weeks ago, and it was so weird and interesting to see how differently the people are responding to COVID in Sweden vs
Where the other nordics are my brothers and sisters, the rest of europe are my cousins
The political system in the US has been pretty much permanently gridlocked for years because people don't want to unite or work together.
I'm not Norwegian, so you would have to ask someone who lives there.
Even the Norwegians and Swedes can agree on this
Most ideological movements are international, so I don't see the irony
Coordinates link:
I found in both interesting and a bit disturbing, but it kind symbolizes how violent history in the balkans are.
I don't buy that the Danish use of the flag should carry different meanings, rather, I believe it reproduces similar ideological lines as the American use
Pictures you can hear
Jesus, it’s really like a dragon ! (#Mulan)
Costs were getting prohibitive at the dawn of the 20th century, but now it just isn't happening.
It's only a valid question if you're looking for an excuse to justify your xenophobia.
Too much of the police's resources are spend on giving fines to people who smoke marijuana on daily basis
(aha sorry, got a couple of classmates who are like this)
Haha
The vikings affected the Ebglish language greatly, many English words come directly from the vikings
But income tax is close to 50% if you earn more than 544
Ideologically charged and increasingly removed from our historical, cultural, scientific, etc
My first thought was "On this day 2 years ago, 11th of November, 2018, The Great War channel ended its weekly episodes
Väskor (Swedish) = Bags
Huh, isn't that weird, seems the EU has 10% of the fatality rate from Salmonella that the US does
We allowed Israel to be in Australia now?
The EU, as a project, is an exercise in broad compromises.
The very embarrassing part is that I liked geology and geophysics from when I was quite young (from at least age 12 that's what I wanted to study), so I thought that islands were floating, but also knew about plate tectonics at the same time
I like ananas but it completely overwhelms the taste of everything else on the pizza
To be honest, I'm not sure what it is
Especially in the winter there are just way too many people
I haven't encountered the idea outside reddit
> haven't really listened to any real German speakers talking
Agree
what a relief
The (lack of) healthcare system alone would keep me from moving there - especially with children
*Denmark has entered the chat*: Hold my beer
You’re right
"Vat" is cotton wool (those small puffy balls of cotton used to clean stuff), while nisser is the Danish words for elves (or sometimes pixies) - the small creatures that help Santa Claus
It should be as "free" and "natural" as possible
To be fair the poor Czechs are overrun by Danish highschoolers each year.
No, I'm saying that it's easier to slash someone in the arms and then have one of the knife fighters flee the scene than shooting someone and having the other flee
It certainly would be a secret language
Scratch and *sniff*? What kind of ballsacks are you guys buying
What's interesting is that climate change seems to be more of a "I don't *want* it to be true so I just deny it
"beat a stick" for having a piss
Right now they are down to 0 and 3 cases respectively
Best Italian restaurants I have been to, has been 6 table restaurant down a tiny alley in Florence, and a restaurant in an industrial zone out of Bergamo
Our former PM Lars Løkke Rasmussen once dropped this golden nugget in a parliamentary debate:
io for a sec
I know there are already some EU laws here, but those were because we actually agree on them.
This do only applies for EU or EEA citizens - for Non-EU and Non-EEA citizens you can not get the money from the government or study for free
really
Which would be relevant if I as an American was trying to deflect criticism away from the USA by pointing at other countries
Its probably a reference to the time where the wars were fought between us
The foreign minister is just the face to the world, nothing else.
I loved Dublin
And EU is even considering making interrail free
I don't understand the point, it certainly doesn't promote any healing.
If Trump continues his reckless behavior, i'm gonna have so much fun watching /r/The_Donald trying to explain why the US economy is going down the shitter.
Although also a decent amount of black
[Christian X riding across the old border in 1920] after [Schleswig's reunification with Denmark] There's also the photograph of [the King riding through occupied Copenhagen] as a contender
My international friends also look at me weirdly whenever I mention any of the folktales my parents used to tell me
Now, languages evolve and change, and take on new forms again, incorporate loan-words, expell archaic terms, grammar changes and so does pronunciation
Haha, my mom and her husband has a fridge like that
What would Schulz do different from Merkel?
Don't think you are allowed to advertise for tobacco here
Being stress free and shaving that much time of the transport-time is worth it IMO.
If a project of building a modern pan-European (national) identity succeeded, through media, administrative integration, cultural assimilation and integration, etc
BIER
When summer rolls around, it'll be 3 years of me not learning a single thing in german
Of course, Christian II didn't mind having an excuse to take revenge on the rebellious nobles in Stockholm, and he went about it very "enthusiastic" so to speak
> Though I have to say that in this interview of Eivør Pálsdóttir she does sound quite interesting
At least in Scandinavia it doesn't.
Most of the time "hygge" means a somewhat cozy atmosphere
Fuck those towels
Poor Sweden :'(
In Denmark I think it’s because 1) we just don’t do written exams and tests as much as other countries, oral exams are just as common and only start in your teen years anyway, and 2) they would literally throw you out if they caught you cheating
While there is a (convoluted) system, it's much easier to just think of as specific words for each group of tens
* The general /r/AskEuropean is still a young, single, heterosexual male
[He wanted to show off his acting skills to the News show.]
But then the financing was 'outsourced' to the local city governments themselves and there was a decline in usage (also the PC era began)
Fact is, Mamlø is the Marseille of Northern Europe.
Armenia is neither geographically nor culturally in Europe
Is there anywhere outside of the US where protestants and catholics are at eachother's throats?
Yet so few grace the screen ..
We need this in Copenhagen
Trump still has supreme command over the button of nukedom
I'm not sure how to translate this
Finally the actual leaders are in the lead, so can we get shit done before we have to pretend that everyone gets a say again
It's pretty common to take one or two gap years after high school where you work and travel and use your parents' house at a base, but afterwards you're pretty much "expected" to have moved out or at least making concrete plans to do it (not that your parents will throw you out, but other people will think you're odd if you have never tried to live on your own after age 23 or so)
I could easily take a bus or a train to Germany, but I don't feel like it.
Not if climate change is real or if puppies can fly.
You joke about it \(and so do we\), but it's been fairly warm these last few years
That just means you aren't break COVID the rules :)
Do you think Danish politicians just sit around saying “well we are a perfect paradise so I can just go home now”?
We have something similar, with challenges and open truck and all, but we don’t have the “gang/team” aspect
Geometry is no longer a part of Mathematics?
It doesn't sound so positive though
Sounds like a good deal for us.
I learned in already 5th grade already
You could, but it's doubtful that it would actually happen
I think they used that a lot in the old Donald Duck comics, but no hyphens, just Langtbortistan
Derry Girls is absolutely one of the best shows I've watched recently
Fin means pretty, dude
If you refuse to shake hands with either of these people, you cannot get a citizenship and as it is a bunch of people, it's rare there is no women in the group
wrong forum mate, it's too picturesque
for a year or more already, and then when they get the opportunity they'll likely want to move out if at all possible
If you rat your schoolmate out to the teacher, you're a "stikker"
Yeah, i noticed after my post that Skåne in Sweden was marked as Denmark
I haven't really been anywhere outside of this city a lot.
It was ethnically Danish unlike virtually all the others.
>	But fortunately after 2015 the unemployment is slowly being reduced, so I guess the things will be better in the future
Det må i gerne beholde oppe hos jer
The resistance part is mostly resistance about doing anything besides hygge.
From what I've heard, beating Viorică is not such a great challenge, but I guess there's a first step for everything
You get it automatically from birth
Oi looky here mate
> Just a 19th century escapist fantasy of what a castle is
Our Gymnasium has a tradition of making first yearers run UP a hill, while second and third yearers stand on the sides and throw flour, ketchup, milk, water balloons, etc
Lolland is really all one big crop-field, often to the horizon
Music is a great example, "hyggelig" music isn't just any good music
Yes, sadly
All Danish government debt is issued in Danish currency, and the trillions of pension kroners invested abroad ensures foreign currency is flowing to the central bank even if there was not a huge trade surplus
Only if you actually make a credible threat to use those nukes.
How do is he viewed in contemporary Albanian society and among Albanian historians
Haha
Many people would not like to go with a coalition to the middleeast or elsewhere, but im sure many more would fight if their own borders were threatened.
But you can get a low interest loan in addition to it
until i saw this post i never knew volapuk was an actual language
>Denmark: I wouldn't change a thing
You paid for it in taxes
For example, we don’t have a restaurant culture because it’s just too expensive
etc
(OC)]
dk] article about how Christian the 2nd was viewed in Sweden and in Denmark:
As Denmark has no natrual predators bigger than the fox (We got perhaps like 6 wolves now, but that is far from enough to do anything) the deer simply live in peace
Guinness is served with nitrogen, which makes it pour differently
It's so baffling how everyone is miserably in the summer because of our incredibly well insulated houses but air conditioning is still frowned upon
Russia on the other hand is mostly steppes, where vast distances can be covered on horseback
I'd like to imagine you're all listening to David Bowie - Starman at Christmas time.
It is a bit embarrasing how most of the world was dominated by a nation of 'bloody stupid' people for a few centuries, isn't it?
On the other hand, the people that /u/eover has met, might just be from Italy.
This is bad
Denmark has the advantage that most of the seas are shallow
And it's a country that's called America "the great Satan" for 35 years now with a very large population under 30.
With Finland, it is now legal in all of ~~Scandinavia~~ the nordic countries
All that in a rural municipality with only 20
At the same time
I've shot air guns at targets, and I've shot a hunting rifle
But it sounds great and I for one think the German council of words should embrace it
Like, don't get me wrong, it's delicious
If a country uses a lot of the military budget paying for officers retirement or has to incorporate a large maintenance program because the equipment is old and useless.
" back at him
That's the role of Dansk Sprognævn
He took a chance and only lost a few during the two weeks or so of ice crossings.
I like it, because it makes me feel special that i grew up on a farm while they grew up in the city
Bookmakers give her a 20% chance of winning.
Overwhelming and informative at the same time
I am all for building a huge wall if it means control of the migration stream.
It's is also a thing in r/denmark "det er fredag mine gutter" followed by a picture of Kaj from Kaj og Andrea
I believe there is also something in France about saying "hello"/"goodbye" when entering and exiting shops
&nbsp;
Liver paste, it's something everyone eats usually on [dark rye bread] with pickled beet on top or possible cucumber (fresh, not pickled).
" is a funny one and it clearly also depends on the tone in English
I generally cannot pronounce words with z correctly and say it with an s instead
Still, in all the years I've been using Apple Pay, this scenario has never come up
People say I don't like Britain I love Britain, I love Britain, but we have got to have the best ships.
One that really stood out to me was the "how many vacation days" one because everyone gets six weeks guaranteed vacation and the dude replies "I get 64 hours" - like damn
And then, smaller than even the ['Others'] come the conservatives and the christian democrats, who, together, make up 8,7% of the community
It might be worth clarifying that many European countries don't automatically grant citizenship to anyone born in the country.
One of the reasons I haven't moved to Cph yet, I just know that despite my dialect being so minor (Djursbomål), people are still going to pick it up
I remember it as 3 days, from reading his daughters biography
Something along those lines
Well right now we're doing what you're doing and letting a woman run the show, so I think we're both in the clear
There needs to be a referendum where 40% of all eligible to vote has to vote in favor of the change
Sweden's handling of Nordea in the aftermath is a rare example, and one that should be copied round the world
Coffee is isn't culturally big here at all
Second pick would be Faroese
At least it took them longer than four hours
The riftzone between Catholicism and Orthodoxy and the religious mosaic in general
Far deadlier
It was like a resistance kind of thing, according to my grandfather
Fuck those towels
after a few beers my friends and I went to the toilet and we saw a Girl laying down ill, with people all around her
We saw the movie "under sandet" in history class however a surprising number of my classmates actually thought it was okay to force Germans to clear mines in Denmark
While it's important to make sure you like the place you're going, I think another way of narrowing it down, might be to check where you can teach, some countries might have more need for teachers (what age group?), it might be that they require that you have taken certain courses before you can teach, even though you have an education from US.
Today we still get like 40% formality in emails/letters, it’s insane how self absorbing it sounds
If you do, be sure to check out the new Moesgård museum.
Like sure, it would cut travel time quite a bit, but wouldn't it take maaaany years, before it would make more money, than it cost to build, since the country is so small
Gifflar is no match for the mighty Citronmåne from Dancake
This happened to me all the time in Mumbai- especially around the Gate of India.
I think deep down, most scandinavians would like a Norway-managed Kalmar Union
[Radio 24/7]
As well as chocolate buns vs [raisin buns]
> both Norwegian and Swedish is easy though
The inflation percentage is not the single number that is important
February is probably the worst month of the year, so pack a coat
One was about ibuprofen
>$4k deductible and $5k out of pocket max
And it was facing right at alle the people passing
The danish one really is quite for almost all bigger things, and even for a lot of small things
Making a campfire is fun, burning a pile of rubber tires is just stupid
Oldest flag in the world
Mostly in Copenhagen, yes
In Denmark, the Swan is considered our national animal/pet
There was a peaceful one in Denmark as well in 1849.
My son could sleep an extra hour outside, when it was really cold (in Iceland)
[Sweden is like]
I will check out that theory though, see what it's about
You didn't. Perhaps you think you did, but then it wouldn't be hard to find it, would it
Generally people speak english in major cities(except maybe in France), so you would probably be fine.
Wendy’s 1,24 L
Good code is not just effecient code, it's also the comments, naming, documentation, etc
Example:
I went there once and all they had left were jam and cookies :( And I really, really wanted some twaróg!
Still kinda dissapointed Denmark didn't get any snow this year.
To say otherwise is to speak of unevidenced hypotheticals
She got the meaning that we were hungry, so she grabbed us by the hands and took us into the kitchen where she opened larders, cupboards, and fridges and expected us to point at what we wanted
(And virtually everyone here speaks English very well) It may be worth checking out.
They were a bunch of regular guys, lead by Marius Fiil, the innkeeper of Hvidsten Inn
Oh no
Rest is just meh compared
r/firstworldanarchists
\[Verse 2\]
It’s sad that you have that experience with people acting like they’re better than others
It specifies it applies to the entire Danish state
A lack of discrimination based upon unchosen and irrelevant factors about youself is not a privilege, it is neutrality.
also, sun, cheese, and bread makes any wine taste good
Glædelig jul og godt nytår
I'm willing to bet that most of them had no idea that statue even existed, they didn't know the first thing about the guy etc
In fucking England
We just use their names
I doubt  Schleswig-Holstein  is that spread out
Who else would you expect to say that Russia broke the treaty?
Tolkien visited the valley in 1911, and all but confirmed it in a later letter:
This must be ensured by the state.
There are sometimes talk about ending block politics, but yeah, generally all the parties are always supporting the same side.
I noticed that Poland and Muscovy were suddenly at war and was excited for some large war, but then it just fizzled out.
Gid din røv må klø og dine arme være for korte
Ergodan doesn't have the mandate to act the way he does.
I didn't even know there is a Netflix version
He would charge a year's wages for each ferry ride, and when in Sweden he would buy rationed goods and sell them in Denmark.
Bastard Nelson burned down my home twice, and impoverished my nation for decades.
Which they (in the case of wanting an autoritarian rule) have because they are uneducated
Jeg tror det er fordi de er misundelige på vores seje bogstaver
As far as I know, there's no university subject that has requirements for "minimum" grades you need to have - instead if 200 people apply and they only have room for 50, they just pick the 50 best
It’s the length of a forearm and hand
MEPs don't have the staff assigned to do detailed calculations on stuff like this, so they're supposed to write what they want (e.g. standardize x) and then the Commission (which does have the extremely competent staff) throws something actually workable together and bounces it back to the MEPs, who either accept it or ask the Commission to change something
I've certainly more than once recognised Brits, Germans and Scandinavians when travelling
This means corporations aren't afraid of hiring new employs, because they can just fire them again with a low cost.
OK, the unreasonably high trust in TV and lack of trust in Internet I explain to myself with the aging population.
&#x200B;
gul=yellow bøj=bend
One of the key parts in doing this is to strengthen the organisations of the working class: everything from sports-associations to trade-unions and political parties
Upholding the law is not the same as legitimizing it.
Nej tak, vi vil ikke have den slags typer
Sikke noget pis og papir
Finnish
No, part of the income tax is 8% for those that have a job.
There's a guy who recently opened a few coffee houses here, who wanted to go against the trend of coffee being obscenely expensive
Five and 2½ times twenty (femoghalvtredsindstyve)
There's a bus stop two minutes from my apartment with a bus that comes every 5 minutes and a newly implemented line that shows every 3 or so
Makes for an awkward little dance each time "Does she want to hug?
I’m not familiar with the younger generation in general, so the following is based on my sister
Dragging some of their more dedicated and naive allies with them.
"In 1965, the current prime minister of Denmark signed the final agreement to divide the North Sea between Norway and Denmark according to the median line, causing Denmark to miss out on the huge and valuable field Ekofisk
one thing is that they are very expensive, another is that public transport will get you everywhere much easier and cheaper
Also the politician thing
Overall it has been nothing but bad press for Århus
Things have to change in Europe before we see more nationalists and eurosceptic win elections
The commissioner is my previous parliamentary party leader, and both a goddamn competent *and* nice person.
Not sure whether you are making a joke or referring to the spelling hmmm
But what are you supposed to do with you're vacation if not manuel labor and farming.
1 km long pedestrian street (and tourist attraction, for some reason)
It just has the completely wrong vibe and sounds hella formal
Of course discriminating insults are illegal, say "I fucking hate you, you motherfucking bastard" is fine but slur someone with racial or sexual slurs and it would be illegal.
I was thinking more of Europeans having their constitutional rights to protest taking away.
), but no one talks that cleanly
It reduces the foreign currency needed to import fossil fuel.
This is actually a very reasonable interview.
Quality varies greatly - I remember one year it was really great, but then the budget was cut
As I am blue scout myself, I know that we don't like being called green scouts, and vice versa
Among a lot of young people it's cool, but for adults we just see them as being dumb
Dane
We are missing the big question, who is FC Barcelona going to play against if they leave Spain
Germany builds cars and export worldwide.
It also makes it a lot more difficult to trade with you if you're outside the EU.
This is true
Where I live, I rarely see them and if so, it is used by companies as a sort of advertising (like driving instructors for instance
One being Canada, and the other being South Korea
Plus there's really no evidence that the German men actually died on the bridge at all
Well, the ban can come after he has served his second three month prison sentance
I love Germany, and it annoys me that I can't speak, and only barely understand, the language when I visit
Don't listen to this Swede-pretend-Dane
Nope
Therefore, the rest of Europe (or simply Europe) is the in-group and Russia the out-group, or vice versa.
Very true
** how fucking hard can it be to understand
Iceland is in NATO but it doesn't affect Iceland because it has no army.
I am 16 and can confirm
KODA (a Music organisation that make sure musicans are getting paid for their music) recently made a lot of music unavailable in Denmark - it’s really annoying
Even though we are around the 5 lowest here in Denmark, i still feel like i'm dying
I mean, Thor, Freja and Balder are all quite common names in Denmark
So they moved the sensors further from the roads.
Bio engineering, pharmaceutical, healt ....
Florence = Firenze
So it was a chock to me; when I sent a meme to a woman I have been chatting with for at while, and she asked me to translate
A mixture between of German and English .
And honorable mentions:
Rügen now belongs to Denmark
Someone posted on Reddit saying he visited Copenhagen with his father, and the dad thought they were because many people had hurt their neck
I was recently(like 2 weeks ago) at a wedding in Western Romania, and ran into a huge group of Danish travellers outside the metropolitan cathedral in Timișoara
And refugees don’t wanna go there
=  One hundred one and fourty times twenty = 141st
Wouldn't building a metro in Malta be a waste of money
I do not believe a government should ever have the right to execute its own citizens, regardless of what their crime is
Love it
Most ideological movements are international, so I don't see the irony
I can assure you, they do enforce it elsewhere
I'd standardize the Nordic flags so they have the [same ratios and same colour shades]
So like it or not, the trade monopoly was a necessity, or at least viewed as such at the time, to ensure people could continue their existence on Iceland
A big thanks to all new users who've decided to join us, but also to all the old regulars
But that is to avoid the EU
It bothers me that it still legal in so many countries
As others have pointed out in this thread, there could be many reasons why we rank so high.
Sweden and greenland
TIL I learned that question mark is actually Russia
Earn 29
A letter by the South African Medical Association said this:
I'm a member of the Church of Denmark.
Seems they're just lazy as hell or not doing moderation at all.
can someone explain what that sub is about
Does it have anything with the band in it
Huh, I never thought about that
Well, that's part of London's appeal
Transmission losses are small, maybe around 2-3 %. You need a lot more energy to transport fuel around in trucks than you loose energy in a high voltage cable
But for me it's perfect
flags everywhere
I was worried we'd be needing a translator or something like that.
If I remember correctly he had threatened a guard with a vest that looked like a bomb, only to be caught within 10 minutes
It's not so much that you'll be accepted by the nationalist fringe by being white, rather, you'll never be accepted if you aren't white.
I follow my own country’s (Denmark) politics very closely
The second one is actually the older one, but nowadays it's mostly used in regards to royal events (it's about nautical heroes or some such IIRC), which, let's be honest, are quite rare compared to sporting events where the first one is played.
Philppe = Filip
It is truly a beautiful city; great museums and the canal cruises are very relaxing and informative
Do you get to pay extra taxes if you call your services magic
Similar to English you can say he, if you don't know the gender
Ethundredeenogfyrresindstyvende
Those two places mainly, yeah
I miss Alicante, me and the family take a vacation there every summer
r/im14andthisisdeep
Mace for all"
Denmark started allowing dual citizenship in 2015, and I think most people are ambivalent to the change
Which is ironic considering that it's usually them who are harping on how everyone is mis-spending EU funds, and then they are discovered doing just that while there haven't been any major issues with any of the other parties.
Kæreste, meaning “dearest”. Æ is like the sound you make when you go “ehh
If it was a bit harder to understand, then it was most likely Swedish
I get so mad about it, finally we get some laws protecting our privacy, and people complain
Obviously no surprise our languages are similar, but they're *really* similar
Google "Danish winter" and [this picture] is the first that comes up
To share a few more:
Always gets the crowd riled up of course
Example
>Denmark is building a bridge/tunnel to Germany as counterbalance though
It was very hard for me to get into any form of Christmas spirit this year
The whole "Sweden yes" meme however is completely bogus and has nothing to do with how Sweden actually is.
Now, I'm not paid by the Chinese Workers Party nor the gloriously handsome Xi Jinping however I feel like you have some minor errors in your eight arguments which I mean to correct.
Considering the nature of the sources for workers/farmers in Denmark for that period, I must say I am doubtful of the fact that she traced them back to the 1300s.
I'm actially sort of interested to hear this: What is the prevailling view of Atatürk in Turkey at the moment
Where coming you from
Don't think it would cause a huge difference in everyday minutiae if we one day woke up and suddenly were annexed by Sweden or Norway
It's not enough that we are happy
Western Europe is kind of a big area with fairly varied climate, but it's not excessively wet in general.
For example, one (very nationalistic) girl basically threathend to have her dad "deal with me".
Some people use eggs as well, though it's not something I've ever had
We have the same thing on r/dankmark
I've pretty much given up on Postnord personally at this point
So a littoral translation of *rige* would be realm, but yes in a more correct context it should be understood as *kejserrige* (empire)
Which is understandable to some extent
Pros: high standard of living, liberal culture, little to no corruption in politics, very little inequality
And it gets really really weird as a Dane when I realized holland was a region or place
[Chuck Bass Fish & Chips]
Little tight at first, but I get the services I came for.
For example if there's several people in one friend group with the same name
What about people who go to work early
Not really
Opening it, you should see the option to add a user flair
The Vikings were from both Denmark *and* Norway (and Sweden, but shhh)
That really left an impression with me
The crusades did not all go towards Jerusalem (or the cities that got plundered along the way).
How's anyone going to focus after eating that
There are also people IN the cars
"det østrig-ungarske rige" or "østrig-ungarn"
So few tourists but still an awesome city
There were two entrances in each end of the school
>Public health centres for youth provide contraception and STD checks free of charge if you're under \~25
Swedish propaganda I guess
Extreme right winger, open racist, and attorney
Hell, even Serbians and Croats didn't work out, and they are about as similar as you can get
Well, I have just sent a request to DG FISMA asking if a member state is allowed to apply stricter capital controls than the ones defined in the 2013 directive.
Yes, you could get a PC/laptop for
Compare to Norway where they are more like 2 €. You can get a cheap bottle of booze for around 8 €. Relative to the normal cost of goods, alcohol is really cheap in Denmark
You either eat at the restaurant and bring nothing home (whether you finished the whole meal or not), or you go for take-away and bring the meal home right from the start.
Not English in particular, but sometimes when I've been in a foreign country for sufficiently long, all the Danish ads and road-signs look like gibberish at first for a few days after returning
It's been a long time since we've had snow in December
The nature of Norway is stunning but I was commenting on "our" cities
In Denmark, either your drivers license or your healthcare(?) card is mainly considered your ID
How did the fact that Naples is the main seat of the Camorra, the Mafia of Campania, escape you
You only pay once for the round trip, so a second credit card would be useless.
Also his victory was a further factor in the public sentiment that populist right wing parties and sentiments seem normal - IMHO
Week 6 is national sex ed week, so children have sex Ed during that week all through school (0-9 grade) until high school
How does that work in practice
If the Budapest memorandum had obligated the US to intervene on Ukraine's behalf, then that would still be in force, even if the US administration changed.
She is playing Caroline Mathilda, who was an English princess, so she speaks Danish with a heavy accent, like she would have in real life.
No bail and no bounty - the government shouldn't potentially make money of their citizens being arrested, for very logical reasons
I live in an apartment, in a building from just around 1900, which is pretty common in this area.
That's a very dangerous road to go on.
/r/Oxymoron
As far as a I know, mattresses were traditionally stuffed with straw in Denmark, but perhaps wool or down was used in Iceland explaining the difference
I once knew a guy almost always insisted on pronouncing the silent letters in English
Its been the primary means of international transportation for our entire history minus 100 years
in Denmark it is commonly believed that he lives in Greenland
I'm sad now because I can't get it here
If Apple are to lose the benefits they would rather lose it in 5 years than right now.
When the Pound falls, moving to Britain is a good move, because British labor gets cheaper.
This definitely doesn’t apply for Europeans in general
There was even a movie about it
But we do have mentions of a "Denmark" from before that, in peace-treaties, geographical and historical works, etc
We generally suck in winter sports, as winters are usually wet, windy and miserable here
I think in your examples we'd use "den" but I'm not 100% sure
This could be Pripyat and I wouldn't be much surprised
Are you talking about Radikale Venstre
Pretty normal when you eat them
You have a friend in Warsaw that you would like to meet, therefor I think you should keep Warsaw.
yay
Although it's usually a bit warmer - so that you can get drenched in 1 degrees cold water which the wind sweeps straight into your bones
Hey you fjeldaber
Beklager
* The state has become increasingly centralised, thus, in continuation of above, the 'peripheral' municipalities are losing their opportunities to try and help themselves, and rely increasingly on the central government, removing the, once extensive, autonomy municipalities had
- Those things are on TV
I've been to Stuttgart, Berlin and London
T is something completely different and unrelated though.
I'm not sure why they changed it
(But actually, the word "Fjeldabe" refers to our northern cousins, they have mountains
I've always wondered, why some dutch words seemed more danish, than german, but it just occurred to me, that we probably got the words from plattdeutsch (and not standard german).
Why can't i be a nationalist and still be for a union?
It is also true, that when someone cannot be lured to do good for fear of God and love for justice, then the fear of government and law of the land can prevent them from doing evil and punish them if they do
There is a lot of people in central Germany and north as well, but in the middle of the two it isn't as densely populated.
The Danish "Dansk Folkeparti" is economically basically another social democratic party, but with more emphasis on "law and order" and "Danish values", and is critical against immigration.
Danish is still very entrenched in Denmark, and is probably not going anywhere (at least not in my lifetime
For Norway it is also about exporting electricity which earns the energy sector a lot of money
It gets a bit more fuzzy when it comes to languages, though
* Water opossum = pungodder ("pouch otter")
But it tends to be windy, so it is mostly a matter of wearing thick clothes that protect against the wind.
Perhaps more out of necessity of the production, than of want of the people
That can't be the entire story
Our market is more free than yours, we just have decided to have high taxes and a strong social security welfare model, but we still embrace capitaliscm
^^I ^^love ^^it
So far Leopold has probably been the most worthy of removal anywhere
If you try to alleviate a starvation, why do you restrict movement out of the affected territory
We have had physical school since april, and will/are having physical exams
But Swedish to me is Russian
There are plenty of places that are more exciting, but Copenhagen is just and incredible city to live in
Im guessing it isnt the cheapest apartments around the area
Imperial is bad, sure, but this picture is also partly bad design
And as always, be polite
Well, they voted stay because they were promised that:
English was just being træls for a long while
Because as a Dane it is second nature to tease the Swedes.
Never heard og him
Even though German and English isn't that far off from each other
I wouldn't really say it's the same situation.
Charlemagne in "Carl den store" (Carl the great) in Danish
Hillary may be a Washington insider, but she is not a dangerous imbecile with no filter or any kind of processing.
Same in Denmark
Not to mention our last set of trains, which were supposed to replace the old ones twenty years ago
And it’s very common to never get married so someone could’ve been together for 15 years and still kærester
There's nothing there, no playgrounds, no shops, coffee bars
Reminds me of the Penguins from Madagascar: "just smile and wave boys, smile and wave"
But if the temperature is still 10 °C and the sun shines from a blue sky down on the snow covered landscape, and there is no wind, it can feel almost like summer
Gibberish is usually the go-to, isn't it
Denmark's been in the same crises you guys have
When you're 18 you can buy the harder stuff
Tell me if i missed something
The German dialects are considered dialects of one language because of politics
(love that site)
It is because we have the euro opt-out, so we are not required to adopt the Euro
obviously also impacts the spread of things like influenza which is very common around the same time that Covid popped up, so you may not end up with *that* many extra deaths since influenza usually kills people as well
And it has also taken the life of a diver, who went in under the darkness of the night in 1965, only to never emerge (only his diving goggles were ever found):
Like, *in theory*, the House of Commons can only operate lawfully when the royal mace, dating from the reign of Charles II, is present at the table
I remember sharing a bottle of unicum with a friend on a train to the city
Doing his best to emulate Putin
It's people like him that will prevent AfD from ever becoming mainstream.
The world next year: It didn't work, all of Denmark must be killed
...You do realize we're discussing a self-admitted Nazi collaborator who sold out a village of Jews back in WW2?
She lost the election, yes, but her views obviously has widespread support in France
The second-largest city in Denmark: Aarhus
That's a lot closer to the letter Å than Ø, at least in terms of the Danish pronounciation
If you look at something like Taipei 101 or Burj Khalifa, those are postmodernist structures
Faxe Kondi isn’t my favorite drink, but I like it okay
The fact that the American society is *overflowing* in guns does nothing good
As far as i know there are no first or surnames that can tell where someone is from in Denmark
English: Tablet (like an iPad)
From there you can switch to a train driving to Munich which can take around 6,5 hours
At the same time I use less slang and speak a more "standard" English than I do Danish
And how snobbish they often are about food in general, with each other especially
A great example of Imperialism and profits over humanity
And soon afterwards Latvia and Lithuania as well
The German one wasn't too bad either.
Ah, you're right
Don't know of french examples, but in Denmark, for instance, German and Latin were the court languages in the middle ages, despite them being a minority in Denmark (which at the time included German areas).
When I was a kid, I had trouble understanding my grandfather from Langeland
I wanna thank London for being a great city, where I got a surgery and their contribution to culture and language all over the world
Now Thorvaldsen is not far from Tivoli, but it is next to Christansborg
You know people, that cliff exists because the water eats the rock at the bottom
1016-1035 King of England
Denmark is also pretty extreme tbh
Danes are reserved
It has no awkward double meaning (like how “girlfriend” can be awkward for a lesbian couple and in German the word for male friend and boyfriend is the same), and it doesn’t sound childish
For example, in Denmark it's said that he lives in Greenland
I think it's a matter of where you are in life and your economic situation
goed
The later being a smaller group than the first.
Accidental shootings happen as well
What does it take to be "one of you"?
Actual does mean current tho
Yeah
In the vast majority of cases, what the alt-right, just like the extremist leftists, are actually guilty of, is "hate speech", which is a load of bullocks.
Turkey being under leadership which sees holy war wherever there are Christians is most likely one of the biggest obstacles in solving diplomatic disputes with its christian neighbors.
But you are correct, 100 DKK could get you one of the biggest menus at mcd
It is the same as celebrating midsummer, but you burn a witch-doll on a bonfire
Finland: 101 euro per capita
Therefore Nestlé and Unilever are good.
I know plenty of people who speak 4 languages.
Animated movie based on a comic series about Nordic Mythology
Here you might pay 8500-9500 kr for 50m2 next to the minimum 10
The lake where he took the dirt from is now where the Vänern is today
It's always a bit pretending to have fun
Well both are, really, but yes.
Kort efter kom herremanden fra Trøjborg, men da var auktionen færdig, og Fanø solgt til fannikkerne
in Islamic Studies explains it with how they have adopted a Danish lifestyle where you finish your education before you start having kids.
That they wave a battle flag that stood for keeping slavery
Finland doesn’t exist
Did you hear how that one guy in the USA dorm says everyone should be like me?
cheap
Not that common, if we exclude people hunting psychedelic mushrooms
While I sympathise to a degree with the desire for self governance, the reality is that the Faroes have a pretty damn cushy setup, gaining economic and logistical support from a larger, more wealthy country, which happens to be both very culturally similar and not so large that it absolutely dominates Faroese culture
The Danish Wikipedia has few articles, which isn't great, but what's worse is how lacking the ones that are there are
Haven't had a "robocall" before (From Denmark), but I do get loads of calls from various call-centers
For instance, Americans think eating horse meat it despicable and immoral, and have for all intents and purposes outlawed it
But then what would they have done with Norway
We understand them just as well as you understand the Scanians.
I shower every morning
I agree Copenhagen is beautiful but this is a photo of the classic tourist trap Nyhavn
As a woman there are also areas I avoid walking alone if I can help it
Danish is a very "clean" looking language similar to English, but unlike English we have the amazing letters of Æ, Ø and Å. That alone makes written Danish the obvious choice
"Huh" would be my answer, I guess
I also really like your russ music
No where in the world has people lived so north in such high numbers as Northern Europe and Russia, so I don't really know what you are comparing to
What word/saying do you like to make foreigners try to pronounce in your language
Yeah, I'm from Kronjylland, so my accent it pretty well-known, though we do have words and terms that are unique to us, plus I do use for thybomål and vestjysk expressions in my everyday language, but people zeroed in on it straight away, and all thought it was hilarious
Well, you sort of hit a sore point about Randers
"Haha France surrendered"
Ahh, interesting
Demonstrations in Denmark need to be reported to Police on beforehand, but you can't be prosecuted if you don't.
However, Notre Dame is burning
In Denmark it is tradition to give people pebber if they are still unmarried when they reach 30
I don´t think as much about the vaccine question, but that a goverment has made it mandatory to get something injected into your body
Just sounds so old-timey and cool
The press just flare it up cause they need something to report on.
Exactly the same for Danish people.
Us too
Thanks, the things I said was just anecdotal that I heard from friends that was visiting, i never been to the Netherlands myself.
We don’t have a restaurant culture like in Southern Europe
In all fairness it is not that much of an issue.
Yeah in the south, Denmark didn't have any muslims 40 years ago.
He’s recently been banned from doing this, mostly for his own safety, since the threat of someone attacking him has been quite high recently
As a Dane learning french in school, I found it almost as weird as the counting system from my own country
Getting visibly drunk is often limited to special occasions or if it is a "party".
I'm not I was talking about how it is in Denmark .
Before that threshold it’s still quite high
The nordic countries have a high standard on working conditions, unionisation etc
I grew up a place where the busses only came twice an hour, and we were quite far from the city center, so if I'd stayed there, I'd likely need one (my older brother stayed and got a car the minute he could afford to)
I have stereotypes of how they all look in my head, and it’s pretty distinct (I.e more olive skin, green eyes and curls for South, that dark almost black hair colour and brown eyes for East) but in reality I probably wouldn’t.
Also the tram system is great
It used to sponsor the major Football (soccer) league and even has a song dedicated to it
which part or joke dont u understand
Don't forget your flag
Here's a small list, which I quickly created by looking through their catalogue of presenters on their site
Yes I'm aware, like I said, I'm a historian - it was also not the point of my post at all to debate the semantics of the different fires, nor whether or not what happened is tragic
As someone mentioned, even our plumbers are on time here
Yeah sure something like that, the difference is that one place you discriminate based on that you want a specific kind of people to immigrate and in the other you want the same but you base it on a statistic about a population group and then extend that statistic over all countries with a majority of that population group.
Most of what I know about TTIP comes from [here] and based on that...
Ukraine was by far the hardest affected region, which to my knowledge, was also the only region, where the borders were shut, meaning the starving peasants were not allowed to flee
Roughly twice as high as the highest point in Denmark
So it depends, how specific you need to be
You forgot to mention that it was in student housing
There is far less control over this than with a knife, exactly because hitting precisely with a gun is far more difficult than with a knife
Close enough
Lowkey banger painting
Sønderjysk (the area right north of germany) is almost a separate language
But if you go to Christianshavn you can see buildings like these still standing, although heavily renovated.
Ouch, american president has a bit of a sun burnt left ear :(
I live at 55° now which isn't as bad as the 70° back in Greenland
Just join the EU already
Not at all, no
/r/dankmark got you covered
Like I said, outside of Reddit, I've never met people who honestly saw RUC as a university that "worse" or has a "bad reputation". At worst people might disagree with their teaching style or, again, associate it with the hippie movement
Well, a lot of us do hate Norwegia
It was fun while it lasted
I mean, would you rather Europeans just ignore the lack of free press in Turkey and our leaders put no pressure on the government.
Midtjylland here - at my school on the first day of school, the third year students dress up like on fastelavn an throws glitter at the first years
I like porridge, just not rice porridge
Copenhagen is a nice city but dont rent a car.
It's from the Rammstein song "Du Hast". Lead singer will sing "Du
Nordic, yes
It's healthy you lazy americans
Do I think that foreign students should get SU (money while studying) simply by signing up for a free education here?
None of what you mentioned comes even close to Waterloo, Super Trooper, Mamma Mia or Money Money
On the one hand, we have people pronouncing it on-s-dag (with a similar O sound to Odin) and on the other hand we have people pronouncing it ond-s-dag (with a similar O sound to evil)
det rene volapyk
Being robbed while biking is quite common in Copenhagen
Drinking laws
If there is no demand for more electric energy and less liquid fossil fuels then there is less demand to invest more into EVs which means there is less demand for less liquid fossil fuels etc pp
Fillion to me seems more moderate and down to earth and more like a classical liberal.
Ah, pero si es mi cuenta de Reddit favorita y de entre los primeros seguidores de mi sub :) que bueno verte en Hot
You were never part of Schengen.
Even another university in the same city
For one, the Anglos are all ethnically identical - drawing a line between the Americans and the Canadians is pointless.
Or just turn a few corners and see what's there: that part of super central Cph is crammed with all sorts of bars, restaurants, cafés, independent stores, offices, music venues, hotels, churches, cool timber-framed houses, regular peoples' private residences, and even schools and university buildings, so it's not like a CBD where you *only* find boring office blocks with a few chain coffee shops dotted around
What specific part of the 2013 banking directive (I assume thats the one you're refering to) would enable the UK to apply higher capital standards than they already can?
I was flying home from Hanoi, and because of a sudden change in tickets, I was now going over Moscow
This reminds me of the US election.
It would drop in value relative to the euro, obviously, but there's no reason why it would be completely *worthless* per se.
Another interesting thing is that most of the right wing climate change stuff seems to be done by men, while most of the hippie-health-delusion crap seems to be done by women
~~Jungledyret Hugo 3 - fræk, flabet og fri (Amazon Jack)~~
Is there no interest in whether an ancestor fought in the Great Northern War, for example?
I once visited a restaurant in an industrial area outside of Bergamo many years ago
They just don't realize it's the bike lane because they're not used to seeing bike lanes at all.
Actually skype was a collaboration that was invented by both Niklas Zennström, from Sweden, and Janus Friis, from Denmark
[The Hunt] is probably one of the best recent danish films.
I think my country is probably 50/50
We also during christmas drink juleøl.
They started doing that in imitation of the English difference between *he* and *she* by replacing the *semantic compound* "human" with "woman" around a hundred years ago **and I hate it
kinda weird
I mean sure, but most the sources I found weren't danish, but sources like WHO etc
I don't know how to act when i hear such idiotic statements..........
He was 56 when he had sex with a 9 year old.
Was it by any chance a house
And cheese
The people are broken
And normal link without a bunch of countries preselected:
I'm not saying it couldn't (or shouldn't) expand past the continent, but currently, Europe is very much in the EU's DNA.
I find consonants much harder to learn to pronounce in other languages and harsher on my throat
Technocracy doesn't just mean following the Soviet science council.
Writing on the other hand is another ballgame, but it is still possible to notice it sometimes
the science is not the question.
Still pretty bad, I hope their president will do something to stop it other than encourage people to keep working
Kinda hard when we don't have the th-sounds
It’s funny because as a Dane, I can understand 75% of written Dutch, but once they start talking
Probably the pH scale, otherwise i would say the Gram staining of bacteria
Back in the day you'd have a real problem growing a lot of the things we regularly use in dishes today in large parts of northern Europe
Then, when the french revolution was nigh, the family married into a danish military officer's family, my family, because they confused them for a Norwegian noble family of the same name
Nordmakedonien - North Macedonia
It has caused controversy since because death penalty was not a possible verdict untill a law was changed after the war
For most things I use rapeseed oil
Even though the US was for sure less devastated than Europe, they had still put amazing ressources into the war effort AND after that they use so many percent of their GDP for several years to help rebuild Europe.
His policies included (and were pretty much limited to):
Yes because creating a union among 28 independent countries, with a population of more than half a billion people, securing peace, freedom and prosperity, counts for nothing.
If you don't go, and don't drink, people are going to think that you're weird
Like the little flag or the picture of Jesus
They are fairly anal about the beer being fresh, so the glasses are also only 20 cl or so
I haven't actually heard of anyone doing it, but on my schools FAQ about exchange programs, there is a section about doing exchanges to other Danish universities
I think all the countries in EU should double their spending to the EU and use more of the money on countries like Greece.
DO-LO-MITE
And then, of course, since they had to make the "I am Lord Voldemort", Tom Riddle's name is translated
Tbh I am scared of thunder
Common market without free movement of labour is the unreasonable demand by the UK.
In brittain many, if not most, gypsies are irish
They actually *are* related, both deriving from Proto-Germanic *bikwemaną. The semantic break is interesting, but not too complicated:
That's an understatement, they're almost identical.
Across the Copenhagen habour
I haven't seen Vikings so I wont know but it is an ocean that lies between Norway, Sweden and Denmark, so it is very likely
Sorry for the confusion
Here's a Danish translation of your example:
Eurovision is always in May, which is before the tournament
Yes that is true
And while modern cars have more features for emergency breaking etc
Yes
Year 985)
I think most international students in non-English speaking languages go there without speaking the language.
They’re parents and teachers showed us pretty clearly where they’d gotten it from
Plus kæreste means dearest
Most Catalonians don't speak Catalan
I thought they were trying to speak Norwegian or something
I have no idea what we call pickles in Danish, apparently
He had a good guffaw when he noticed me, and while I still had my luggage thoroughly searched, he took the time to calm the obvious nerves of what looked to be his apprentice, and make idle chatter with me
Gotta be risalamande, it sounds french but I can assure you that it's not
[Fish and Chips - Tivoli]
This makes me happy
Yes that's how a healthy domocratic society is obey or surrender
Gypsies are many different kinds of people
However environment regulations could make sense in a combined EU
There should be a hard cap of maximum 200 euro per capita in net contribution
For 13 days we'll still have our guns whilst fighting Germans armed with besenstiel, bratwurst and lederhosen, I reckon we could take 'em.
Printing industry for example, long years on German machines but Chinese are taking over, it will be the same elsewhere
I can't help but imagine Denmarks statistic might've been helped by Faroe Islands and Greenland who have mandatory Danish and English on top of their native Faroese and Inuit
25 °C is hot, and above that it's mostly unbearingly  hot and humid here
Is any of these stories saying "refugees are *only* trying to get into the UK, and not a single one has attempted to get asylum in France"?
I would hardly call BT a newspaper
We won't suspect a thing as long as we get votes at Eurovision!
" because that's what they all say and it sounds so strange
Good thing we are not catholics in my country then
It is more an old word for pour
Muahahahaaa
I have seen Greeks often cross the road while they have red sign, I feel almost compelled to stop every time I see the red man
Pepsi Max
There is also the "puttefest" - "hazing" rituals for entering high school
Eu cred că este antrenament mai bun între merge România, tocmai m-am întors din săbărtorind revionul în Maramureș.
Schnapps, beer and pork
Is that a joke right ??? Please tell me it is
To be fair, she actually called his *idea* absurd, not him directly
This is like when you open up your new Gi-joes back when you were a kid
I'm pretty sure you can't discriminate EU citizens vs.
2% is important because that's the spending level that keeps being agreed to at NATO summits.
a piss-pan-monkey
Not anymore in Denmark
A very young danish girl did what twats always do
As far as a I know, mattresses were traditionally stuffed with straw in Denmark, but perhaps wool or down was used in Iceland explaining the difference
A lot of different theories exists and earlier this year a new 6 piece documentary (by Danish national tv DR, Norwegian NRK and Swedish TV4 Sverige) aired and sparked new interest in the mystery
A Dane who doesn’t like coffee
Copenhagen got its name in the middle ages
Not everyone wants to see that though.
Le Pen has no chance of getting elected
Nuclear isn't realistically able to meet the flexible demand for energy (and neither is wind or solar for that matter), yet it is of vital importance that we find a way to generate clean and flexible energy as currently the best solution is looking to be natural gas (which obviously isn't sustainable in the long term)
And then the service fee on top of that
How did you arrive at that
I like to know our neighbors, our allies, our fellow EU people etc.
First night we rented tent but at around midnight a porcupine gets into our tent and into the mattresses
I agree
We have it in DK as well
The goverment already subsidizes startups here
> where he goes around Copenhagen
Where i live, we even have an app where you can report stuff that needs maintenance
My dad had the stereotypes about him as well in the 70s and 80s, and when my mum moved here in the 90s she knew about them as well  like the Randers meme thing was just the new evolution of it
So you can be born in Sweden and not even have a Swedish citizenship.
I'm neither Lutheran nor a Jew(I'm an atheist).
Yeah
Religion would probably have been a better name, as we didn't just learn about Christianity but also other religions
Plus a month of reading vacation where you’re supposed to study for exams but you just party
Still looks good to the 58% tax (tax and university loan repayments) i have to pay in Australia!
In danish one barrel of land
Morgenmad (morning food)
I would have to agree with you there.
Don't forget our "Overly explicit music for no reason" phase back in the 2000's. Sol over Gudhjem by Torrpedorr etc
He ;)
Might be that it is, but it shouldn't be, really.
I didn't know that at all
We may have found the thing Greece does best in Europe.
It probably is
Danes are a tough group of people, to get to learn
Talrig (Danish) = numerous
This is a bitter victory
Apart from that it's all about getting outside as much as possible when it's daytime - especially if you're lucky enough to have a relatively cloudless day
And since Google and KODA aren't good friends right now, everything that has to do with KODA is blocked at the moment
Thats calculated on the total spending on health care actually both from the state and private people, so much for paying for healthcare through taxes being more expensive
>By law, land must be built, but if anyone would settle for his own and let others enjoy the same right, then no law was needed
Georges-Eugène Haussmann did a good job for Paris.
Red solo cups and dressing as cheerleaders and/or Trump
Not too many business circles around
In Denmark it is english
Counter strike
Because  "Angstskrig" is the Danish word with most consonants in a row
Do I trust them to put the interests of the country before party interests and personal interests?
And there's 1 point that both green and blue scouts agree on, and that is that FDF aren't real scouts
If your project is large enough delivery is free, for small projects you have to pay
"You are an ass-banana". There's not a specific scenario where it makes sense to use it
If it fits it sits
It's ærgre though
If you get your nutids-rs right, you'll have learned something that the majority of native speakers haven't managed to learn
The fact that it has become a meme at all is testament to Sweden's strong presence online
So many broken window fallacies in this thread it hurts.
I actually like that May 1st isn't a holiday; it means that it is a day of strike or walk-outs instead
I would love to see a historical timeline explanation for how the languages in the Americas developed.
If it's a succes more will follow
In the year 200 or so, Norwegians from Trøndelag attacked and settled in the area of West-Jutland and Southern-Jutland, and those dialects today are called Sønderjysk and Vestjysk
What show is that
I wouldn't necessarily call it 'dangerous', as the sentiment is already tied to the simplified and sometimes misleading political compass; only if the decision-making is made based on the compass, rather than on ideas and values, it becomes a problem
Umbridge is called Madam Nikjær, which means someone who is zealous
Article III of the convention of 1907 states that hostilities must not commence without explicit warning
I've discussed this in other threads about swearing, but I swear in english when i'm a little annoyed
Icelandic is impossible and
Je t'aime, one of the best love songs ever
Things might be done differently in other parts of the country
This is also why she was asked to pay back the funds.
The potato thing can go for every country
> "Au" (which means meadow)
I met a guy from there with a heavy accent, it sounded more Danish than Norwegian
At least domestically
I don't really mind, I already live in the Netherlands.
It is pathetic
Okay but cliche love song was worse imo
I wouldn't say that's how they present it in Denmark atleast not in media
If I were still 16, and if the year was still 2003, I'd think you were like super cool.
I love the word bankerot (bankrupt) which comes from the Italian banca rotta (broken bench)
Also how it wasn't unusual to have a number of beers for lunch
Dont really agree 100% with any of the politicians, so i just vote for the one i am closest to, unless there's someone with a hilarious name, then he/she has deserved it
> colourized
The liberal parties (namely LA, V and K) mainly run on a platform of personal freedom, and then an acknowledgement of what makes the welfare state possible in the first place: private businesses and innovation (they are the vast majority of the GDP), thus wanting better conditions for them
How can someone set a number for sick days
That's also for 2 years with one year on top elective.
A word of advise if you plan to study in London.
Yeah I forgot about ITU, i haven't really heard much from ITU, but considering the Danish IT sector is great, I think it's pretty great
Edit some pictures: [Wadden sea] B[irds at the Wadden Sea]
Loads of Danes has a Jewish background
When mom says it's bedtime it's bedtime.
Even though the reason the nordic flags are the way they are thanks to Valdemar Sejr king of Denmark rought back a battle es standard flag from estonia which fell from the 'heavens' after the battle later being dubbed Dannebrog
I prefer the English one, English has kind of become my "online" language, I prefer it over Danish whenever I am online
It's really not that bad, we have several Michelin rated restaurants.
What’s your country’s hard-to-swallow pill
The problem here in Denmark (and probably in Norway as well) is that the heat tends to come with humidity
This is what would happen if the architects if the rebuild are all american lol
I used to make them, when I was a kid
Don’t know about that
WE get blamed for it more than you, because the Faroes are part of the Kingdom
No, of course not :)
No, you don't have to pay back anything
Dearest Community; both those of you with answers, and those of you with questions
Well
1 kasse øl, to kasser øl, tre kasser øl ... and so on
Maybe not a mismatch, but not a lot of people realise that LEGO is Danish
My god our languages are just that similar
I am painfully aware of that, when I am routinely overtaken by 7-year old girls in pink snowsuits on the Norwegian and Swedish slopes
Here they have a word which is spelled: Hov
It looks as if it turned into a frozen library from a live one
Good one
The new legislation do tell me something which I cannot ignore even if I wanted
Considering that it made it into a bunch of local papers, I'd be surprised if TV2 didn't run with it, but I wasn't watching
Closest thing I can get:
And that's where Novo Nordisk is, one of the more well known Danish companies
Within EU there's no limit, but it does make it annoying when ordering bigger things from outside the EU
So it's either - no info or some articles about how hard Russia makes it living in Ukraine.
Wow, why
Morally yes, practically
There's a reason the Obama Admin filed Espionage charges and not Treason charges.
Doesn't mean we don't make fun of it
I see so many Swedes here and they are always a cheery bunch and great drinking companions so I certainly wouldn't mind more integration between Scandinavia
HEY
" by the Tories/UK media
I think you are unfair to your Austrian waiters and waitresses, at least according to my experiences.
Denmark was the first country where same sex partnership/marriage was legal
I don't like that
"American conditions" is a political scare phrase used to describe a hypothetical situation where the liberals have gotten too much power and privatised and deregulated everything
I don't think that thing has has a name
They're from Skåne; calling Danish hard to grasp is a mere distraction
Just some size adjustments would do the trick;)
(LEGO)
The "rich" countries have had their economic development basically stagnante, meanwhile Asian and African countries are doubling their economy in 5-10 years
That is truly awesome
Trying to justify cheating by shifting the blame, doesn't really put your country in a better light.
Most if not all the tiles would be redish in color.
Thanks, I guess
Awesome :-)
And China and India are the worst offenders when it comes to ocean pollution
For example a Greek worker makes a car, a German buys it in Germany, so you made money by exporting it
Only choked by you Norway <3
It may come off as subtle to other Swedes, but dear Christ
Wouldn't it be more reasonable to display all the thicknesses in 64ths
C is nice this time of year though.
And of course we technically won the great Northern war but I agree that we were pretty clearly carried by Russia
In Denmark its the firstborn regardless of gender
- After the show the charity pot is split up someway and is sent to the participating municipalities to help fund their reforestation
It pisses me off to no end because it doesn't help their platform in the slightest
It might be the same with korv/kurv, they sound the same but means two different things (sausage/basket)
Im kinda sad that its always the dutch being the "Bike country"... We have so many bikes too
Not gonna Lie
I trust that they are not corrupt, not that they are working or looking out for my best interests.
But they only had 12 and 698 cases respectively, so I think you are being a bit tough on them
Global-elitist Helle Thorning was also spineless.
> On the other side shopping is something people do daily and do you really ask your butcher for 783 grams of meat
10kr
Hmm, I haven't heard much from him that I'd consider conservative as such, but I'm not an expert on his policies.
I don't know why, but I actually prefer it this way
[The Tom Waits song]
While you're clearly right that some people are just racists who'd love to ban everything foreign even if it was totally peaceful, how many deaths, attacks etc.
Clearly the media isn’t portraying the truth
I sleep very deeply, and I find it much easier to wake up in the morning when light comes in
I doubt that would be sustainable for the country for very long
Congrats
We have as many oral exams as written tests, and we only start having them when we’re 14 ish, like once a year
And what is the deal with [snowmobiles] We don't get that down here, are you all stark raving mad or what
If you want to blame the West for something, you can blame it for not intervening more forcefully in Syria, and instead just letting Assad with help from Russia and Iran torture the population into submission
Wanting the good without having the bad, eh
In Denmark we have a number of Village with only two letter like Ho and No
In Danish it would be 'skadefryd', but a lot of our words come from German
So what about a child with cancer?
Based Putin
In Denmark Middle Eastern gangs have also become a problem and are pretty much often in war with bikers over territory
It's been a few yeqrs since I last had a German class
> Like where is that
I only remember this one
I see, I welcome all jokes alcohol related
Kippis sauna Nokia
Humans doesn't get any better though
You know Denmark is a part of Scandinavia, right
Flanders and Wallonia, no government but somehow still functioning, Bruxelles, waffles
Unless friends meet, however they are usually respectful about it
It's not that they are explaining their differences that made me downvote, it is defending stupid decisions America has made.
One anti-danish post after another
Most probably Armenian propaganda to hook Europeans interest
And thats from you're like 13
Here Postnord as only delivery option is usually a reason to pick another webshop
My mate who came here this last summer could say "rødgrød med fløde" after 5 minutes
All of Scandinavia/Nothern Europe: Calling Nothern European people “a bunch of commies” is incredibly dumb imo
Funny thing is that I’ve only heard Jutland mentioned as “the mainland” in jokes
As long as the state enforces the national language in schools, bureaucracy and national media, our languages are in no danger
The Christian Party got less than 1% of the votes in the last election, to give an idea of it.
There were no need to have rage against Germans that weren't supporting the nazi regime
Yes, that u was bugging me but I couldn't quite put my finger on it - it should be a v.
Another very popular animated "film" is a short documentary called [The Tale of the Wonderful Potato] (1985)
- Learn Danish/another Scandinavian in school
Bavarian: Nothing
There is only one: THE land slide election of 1973
Remoulade
Loves tea, imperialism, has a royalty
I always love learning about new etymological links, so thanks for sharing
Who fact checks the fact checkers that fact checks the fact checkers?
I think Faxe kondi booster is something you have to drink enough of to enjoy
Iceland declaring independence while we were under german occupation
You win this time you sunuvabitch
It's been 3 years, they have had plenty of time to figure something out, but when they leave there will be chaos, as they have not spent the time preparing
For Denmark, roughly 70 % of the renewable power generation is wind and solar
I think most people would consider chest pains an emergency no matter what
I also want to go on your version of Rus, it looks so much more fun than ours
I used both ANSI and ISO-DK
I should add, since it's not clear from the screenshots, that the X axis is total cases (so you're still #1 over here) and the Y axis is weekly confirmed cases
I agree
You laugh, but from an article about USA's right-wing supporters in last Friday's Weekendavisen:
Night temperatures over 15 degrees more or less makes us melt
Really
>Extremist Islamic terror has happened, and the perpetrators of such terror attacks tend to be Arab, therefore we should stop offering asylum to Arabs
Why
- The amount of inhabitants aged 30-59, who have only primary schooling, is at least 60% of all inhabitants in that age group
Now he can scratch - Body slamming a crocodile - on his to do list.
Sorry but that is not how it works
You could call Europe a place and colour it all yellow
This is not what EU is for; stay away
6 million people I would know their one friend
We use electric skateboards now.
I don't know about other countries, but in Denmark they do not get to choose to refuse blood transfusion if the doctors think it can safe the child
Most people have one first name and 1-2 lastnames
God damn you Finland
This also annoys me to great extents
When someone is a couple, they’re kærester, dearests
Regardless, I honestly think it is the least relevant point to discuss
Danish popular music was also very much inspired by British and American music at the time
I really don't mind being poked fun of, but that seems to be 50% of the teasing coming from Norway and Sweden, and it's long since gotten stale
I doubt you'd find anyone to sell you the vehicle as you aren't residents and can't register it.
On the other hand if you are educated on what asbestos leads to down the line, lung cancer, mesothelioma and asbestosis you won't use it
[Example 3]
Næbdyr (Beak Animal) - Platypus
William = Vilhelm (sometimes with W)
Visiting Denmark in the first place
I think i have been to the museum, but its years ago, when i was like 8-9
Subjective of course but I would say first city to get bombarded with missiles ever
When your friends are being dumbasses it is your duty to let them know they are being dumb
When i entered a store i'd greet with Buenas and when i met new people as well.
English: All of it
Also the inefficiency was surprising, you could easily spend half an hour queueing in shops or supermarkets, even though there weren't even that many costumers
He saw the YouTube video of the waving bear who got thrown a sandwich, and wants to try it out for himself.
Constitutional monarchy best monarchy
All these tourists, especially Americans will be like "yeah I visited Denmark it was really nice" and whn yoi ask them whoch places they visited they will just go "all around Copenhagen". As a Jutlander I cringe every time I hear about Americans visiting Denmark
Does the waiter keep track of your beers by noting the mat at you guys
oopsie
If I was to remove sweden, skåne wouldn't dissapear, right
My great grandfather was one of them, and at the outbreak of the 1
Was this from a documentary on just randomly on the news
I would usually look to my dad, and he would try to discreetly nod or shake his head, to let me know how to respond
Sure, it's probably only an issue for us when we learn the numbers (little Annika probably gets that 50 is femtio a bit quicker than little Freja gets that 50 is halvtreds) and when we communicate with Scandinavians in Danish
Regarding the Kofod case
I used to drink milk because I liked it, but now I only use it when I have to because I think it's gotten too expensive
> The bad side is that a rather large part of Urk is very conservative,
yeah
It should be the same, really
My Serbian family who lives in small villages thinks the EU is devil incarnate
Danish is such an uncommon language that foreign languages are taught from a very early age
And both to lurkers and active members
Also Doctors in Canada are generally not in favor of it, and even use that statement to back up their view
Every tourist has to see it, and every tourist will be disappointed
George, Victoria  Richard and François
We simply rock ;)
Ragnar Lothbrok was from a danish folk tale not, like the show vikings show, norwegian
What do you mean by that
I havent but my sister moved to sweden cause she dislikes our government
And I know my other friends who moved to CPH from other places in Denmark had the same reaction
I study Medicine in Odense, easier to get into (I think) compared to Copenhagen (More people want to study in the capital)
Djån mæid hes væi tu a tavørn tru de daak fowest, åwnli tu faind aut dat hi fogot de moni
It's really great
As far as I am aware there are no laws.
Also known as the North Sea Empire
There are a few, mainly people at harbours selling cheap beer from Germany
I love the German love affair with carbonation
Funny, we need the bit called Southern Slesvig and Holstein
IIRC it's not the same thing that's sold i sweden
No because the more dense communities a state has, the more likely crime occurs
Could definitely be the case here, for sure
We don't hate engaging with each other, or with strangers, quite contrary
This cost both money and is not legally as binding.
At least a contender, I think we have about 30 different or so, and hell even with a lot of the vowel collapse that's going on, we are still going to be up there in the top
I suspect it's the same deal as in Danish: The Scandinavian word for mountain is fjell, while the word for hill is bjerg (as berg in dutch).
The mostly stop cars that are loaded to heavy
We usually use the english words (dude, bro, y'all) but "gutter" or "folkens" are common too
As a dane
I don't think many children move out to live on their own :P
In Denmark autumn is the only season
It varies alot in Denmark
A lot of nature just outside the cities and the chinese/japanese culture-mix is very interesting.
The cycling infrastructure is good many places, but it's also lacking many places
lots of "dubious people" preach a lot dubious stuff in mosques all around europe.
That doesn't mean they are this way IRL, or all the time on the internet even, and even if they are, then that is their problem, luckily not ours.
There's still a lot of rural areas or small towns in Denmark where you can't even make calls from a cellphone or send/receive texts because there's no or horrible coverage.
[Similar story from Denmark...]
People who can afford the thousands of euro it costs to hire a smuggler wouldn't have died in 6 months staying there.
Fuck 9 people are already confirmed dead, and I'm afraid the number will only rise.
That’s about it I think
I think its a cheep way to artifitialy inflate the number of religious people.
Ah, so this is what “taking back control” looks like
i was annoyed by that as well
It's such a cutesy singsong language
Not the whole thing, but one of the overflow channels could be named that.
I don't really care either way
The Danes are very self-important, and believe Denmark is the greatest place to live
Still doesn’t mean it’s unimportant
We just got KFC, suck it Norway
Haven't really thought about it
I mean, for example a united Scandinavia is a popular idea here, but not much is done to get there.
Looking for an appropriate thing to say.
But the story was De Danske Pigerspejdere merged with the boys in the 70s, and only a few select pure girl groups (no matter the age group) existed since then, and by the time I started our group was the last group left
My parents got a private therapist but I honestly think my friend deserves one way more than me
- Congratulations on your independence day :)
You'll have to look up the rules in each individual European country.
I just don't think it's something most people realized was still there.
Since wages have stagnated or fallen in the last 30 years despite the government assistance there is less money to raise children than back then.
This is a security and crime issue
Men gid de gjorde - mit engelske er en smule rustent
Yes we are
It actually feels like it's other way round
I agree
its some kinda culture to be somewhat proud to be from Jylland
Agree
it doesnt matter with toilet paper or dish soap for me
Edit:  she says it around 3 seconds
>The “exclusive” and expensive Voss water
Cape Verde next week, Jordan in April, probably Georgia and Armenia for the summer holiday, Greenland in the end of July and Seoul in October.
"Pigeon" and "dove" are both called "due". To this day, I don't actually know what the difference between a pigeon and a dove is (i.e. why is it a turtle dove and not a turtle pigeon, and why is it a crowned pigeon and not a crowned dove)
Our protests against Mette Frederiksen were more impressive lol
Russia was founded by Vikings (from Sweden albeit, but still) and even the name derives from them
I have heard Olsenbanden was quite popular in East Germany, no
Extremely cool and down to earth, while also being back to back world champions in the best sport on the planet (handball, which we incidentally invented)
We don't consider ourselves as Danes (and I think even danes don't consider us as such), even if we have Danish citizenship, danish passports, and living in Denmark.
Laid back - sunshine reggae
He probably did
..which is exactly what they're used for in Denmark
I think that is the general consensus to shower once a day and then it is different from person to person wether they shower in the morning or in the evening
Take a look at the Swedish comments
In my mind it basically boils down to are Europe responsible for all these people and the answer is no, that's not to say that we shouldn't try and help and Denmark for example is one of the countries on earth donating most of our GDP to stabilize and help grow countries in the third world.
It's a residential building, not a hospital or anything, which would at least have made it's looks slightly more justified
this is how its done
Another good story, which definitely is true, is that my great-great-whateversomething-grandfather on my mother's side, who had a castle in Normandy and hunted with a legitimate wolf-dog, had his entire face bitten off by said wolf-dog
I mean not really, yeah their dialect is maybe easier to understand, but I also think it depends on who you ask, fx
In Proto-Germanic, *bikwemaną could mean either "to happen", "to arrive at" or "to obtain, find".
I've noticed, I would prefer a counter argument instead but, oh well.
>This revisionist view of history is simply ridiculous
Circumcision used to be common in   Australia,  but the  movement against it spread faster there than   America, where  rates  continue to drop
Before 1950, Denmark had a "Ministry of War", but it was combined with the "Ministry of the Navy" to make the "Ministry of Defence"
According the the official list, it's [Solhverv by Lord Siva] \- which surprised me as that song is a couple of months old by now
In most stadiums there are overhangs for just that, rain, so you should be good there, if it’s cold i’d dress accordingly
Mainly, it just doesn't seem very realistic.
I honestly have no idea what the Danish way of killing would be
Its the cost of having acces to the larges internal market.
I didn't know I was supposed to hate Norway
&#x200B;
Even current states, like Spain and Britain, have issues with secessionists, despite Scots and English or Catalans and Castilians being *much* more similar than Norwegians and Serbians
I couldn't see it being a problem here in Denmark, except if you were a candidate for Enhedslisten, SF or DF.
Seriously
Similar to the freedom of speech or religion
Denmark: Doesn't look too bad
Thanks mate, why not make a federation with New Zealand?
Like with Trelleborg near Slagelse, back in the day when the sea level was a bit higher
Indeed we are Like siblings, dont really Like each other
Krummerup: crumb town
We get "Devil Island" for Sjælland all the time by people from Jutland
Men du kunne ikke, du gjorde det ikke, og nu betaler du så prisen, din satans kraftidiot
My eldest daughter who's 7 have a few English lessons each week
Inland: fertilizer mixed with fresh air
"At skide" means to shit and "at sprælle" means to wiggle or to writhe
But these days we're best friends, albeit the kind of friends that constantly tease eachother
Sweden
It's becomming fairly popular in [Denmark
There were numerous wars and fighting
Welcome
I understand why the some Scots would want to leave the UK.
The point still stands; You have a completely arbitrary line of what *you* consider free and you can argue either way on each and every example
Prepare for war for the gazillionth time you IKEASSHOLES
If it's windy or rains even a little bit, probably 10-15
I'm still holding out for someone to write a standardised Scandinavian dictionary and merge the three languages.
It basically said that if a Dane sees a swedish person walking over the frozen Øresund, then that dane can freely walk over to that said dane and beat him with a stick, free of charge
Where does sexuality come into the whole thing?
It's unlikely that heath care staff in Denmark don't speak English
Best regards Denmark
I'd say the media is quite unbiased and factural.
Hell, Scania (and Blekinge and Halland) has been Danish for longer than it has been Swedish
Got me there, we actually never had another word for weekend
I'll vote on whatever cantidate promises to ban words in political cartoons
honestly, i dont really know
That beer is taxed as an essential food, like in Bavaria
The year before and after had roughly one fourth that
Where we accept each others as scouts, just not openly
Most of those things have very little to do with how trustworthy or efficient the federal government is in domestic matters, though.
And in the end, the UK will likely lose far more on loss of exports to the entire EU than any single EU country will lose on exports to the UK
I mean
I love my second name
Krydsild (Danish) = crossfire
Is there a random tradition or quirk like that from your country
It's just "Roman dude 1", "Roman Dude 2", "Rich Roman Dude", "Rich Egyptian" etc
Also this is r/europe
Spanien - Spain
why would it be weird to do so, in a restaurant ?
Edit: Maybe I'm just tired, but I couldn't find Prague
like honor killing and all that sort of stuff
It saunds a litel bit like dis
Sweden, Norway and Jutland
Han refererer til Nordic countries
You could open a holocaust nightclub as well, and claim it's just your way of remembering.
Don't metros usually have like an "Est
The Baron and his men find him, and decide to pull a prank on him
I love this song because it does a good job in telling their story
Considering how badly Italy and Spain have suffered from Covid-19 it's a pretty poor comparison
to be fair, the trip itself was awesome and something i would like to do again
There are also several places in the part of Sweden closest to Russia that have names evidently deriving from *Rus* (or vice versa)
Politics is not about fairness.
It means "1 crate of beer, 2 crates of beer, three crates of beer"
They are not ubiquitous
Anecdotes
We just stress on different letters depending on what we wanna say
Schengen is already being rolled back inside the core.
This was all before Corona though
Saying free healthcare isn't free is completely arbitrary, and has no place in a rational discussion
So there's a whole lot of resentment towards the EU if you only get your news from e.g. the Daily Mail
I feel you
And he may have been funding, helping, organizing terrorist groups
I asked for a cup of tea at a street stall near London Victoria station some years ago.
and also how fragile peace is
Also, they have different products in different countries, so there are no real giveaways
Seriously you prefer a far left circlejerk to real political discussions?
Geef me de grasmaaier
"It's a name, who gives a shit?".
Honestly didn't know who Stauning was
Maybe some people still believe in the free market.
I'm a British citizen and have accounts in Iceland and Denmark.
A really expensive bus
It does not have a picture on it
I can really good like your idea
I suppose, but even then, England had a history with Wales before the latter was conquered
According to that map, [Bornholm] is still only "not invited". Ha, jokes on you for missing them
It was rainy
As long as you speak more slowly and clearly than normally it's not much trouble to understand Swedish or Norwegian as a Dane (and probably vice versa)
If GTA was set in a Danish city, bike theft would definitely be an important feature
Both are accepted, and most århusianere feel quite strongly about the former.
My Aalborg friends jokingly use ‘drengeren’ all the time
It's the capital of the scooter
But if you plan it early (and assuming there actually *is* a low cost airline flying that route), I rarely see train prices come close.
Third’s pretty good, though I still don’t fully trust everything our media says
Looks like Egeskov castle in Denmark which is the real deal and a big attraction.
TAKE THEM
Intellectual property shall be protected
Like how I get downvoted by people who don't even know what the sub is
Siger tyskeren
How horribly we treated Germans after WW2
Despite the name literally being The LITTLE Mermaid, people still seem to be disappointed by it's small size
I'm honestly more confused now
Actual does mean current tho
Do we need to turn this into a *civil war???*
Some places will have a receptionist who manually enters the personal identity number in the system.
Are paediatricians required to report it?
Poland and Hungary are banana republics in the EU
Why if it’s ok I ask
it's strange, because Sasha is by far mostly a girls name in Denmark
And the reactions we got from Italians
Half fourth times twenty (4-½ \* 20)
This dynamic has always interested me
I can't really think of any, other than the national anthem.
We do in Denmark as well
TIL "Au" means different things in different parts of Germany… In North Germany it' a very small river
True brother, true
They can kill)
*This inter-nordic provocation was brought to you by Denmark gang*
propably Norway
Jason sounds badass and masculine imo
Actually Denmark has about the same number of foreign turist nights as Sweden and Norway combined
" when he shows up for the 5th time that week, but if it's a friend you see less often who shows up to your yearly Christmas party or whatever, he'd be more likely get a hug
You demand that the Irish raise their coorporate tax rates, but you are not willing to accept the lowering of your own rates.
> I vote for a progressive, secular party myself
People are pretty convinced hes going to start ww3 because "lel hitler" .
It has been growing for over 200 years, some wealthy families have grown for even longer than that
[A big part of the reason why Norway didn't join the EU]
We lack a restaurant culture
Some very old teachers native to these areas would read aloud from a text in Sønderjysk and Bornholmsk
Well, it's not bad
You shouldn't have the right to withhold lifesaving medical care either
didn't look like the MIG 21
An army of gullible Facebook'ing babyboomers for one thing.
Your mileage may vary tho
Send help
Why
That could og course because the Muhammed drawing is from a danish newspaper
I know it's a difficult topic and most of you write in bokmål, but - from where I stand - nynorsk just comes off so much more like what Norwegian should be, if that makes sense - bokmål is too much like Danish
In fact, they belong to the same dialectal group as Bornholmsk, though the Swedish influence has obviously served to obscure this over the years.
Do you mean
Who would want to retire in the UK if one has the financial means to retire outside your own home country.
No, the exact opposite
In the end he caused more deaths of eastern Europeans than Hitler who considered them inferior
Tordenskjold
And then we still have the colony of Greenland even though they want independence :D
Surprising that my country's top of the list
Only around 500 million people tho
Åødkfåfåøfnføfåøf
The grey seal is of course even bigger, we don't usually count that as a land predator
The result was more accidents and more people killed in accidents
Twenty Øne Piløts as well
I’m not big on international politics so maybe somebody can explain why
We were, essentially, an imporant trade partner for both Britain and Germany.
Not even the ones that have been soaking in rum for a few months before they're added to the glögg
So directly translated it's something like "it rakes me a harvest flower". It's a pretty negative way of saying you have zero interest
And the joy in the game that is universal
spoken like a true dane
And in their legends are a grain of truth
It's for navigation
Wait, what
"You're not helping
Lombardy has 1/6th of the population but 1/4th of the GDP.
Ive been to copenhagen, but never in this part
It about naming all the states in 10 minutes or less
Second, a lot of people were afraid to mess with foreign countries like that
I thought every country used their flag for birthdays
Well there are on the Danish side as well but the Øresund link is under water when driving past that so what are you gonna do
Highly unlikely; but brilliant.
It is one of the few brands I have stayed loyal to since childhood
Great, best choice I have is to pick a party that didn't vote
Out of all the things they get wrong, I have to give it to the Americans on this one
Overall, though, I think I am still in favor of medically assisted suicide though.
&#x200B;
1800-1850s Copenhagen
Prescription medicine is subsidized in a way that it gets cheaper the more you buy
I don’t have a middle name and I like to think I’m a bit unique in that regard
His servants could only identify him by his clothes when they found the body
my kind of person
"Hvor skal vi sove i nat" is probably most "karaoke-like" of the bunch
But what on earth would compel us to join up with people who seem to value entirely different things (in regards to welfare etc) than us and who (according to stats, to happiness index etc) seem to just be doing worse?
You even allowed that decisions to be taken by people with very limited knowledge about the consequences
But we're just not that nice to anyone, including hikers, and that's a shame
Also, for some reason, a lot of the accounting I’ve had to deal with from danish companies has been outsourced to Estonia
I'm also guessing it's in the outskirts of the city it's in.
5 euro per capita
Thoralf has never been a German name
What is good for one does not make it good for another.
Yes
Legit everyone was staring out the windows enjoying the brief moments of sunshine before it retreated back behind the clouds
we just have one thing called "mathematics", and the teacher takes you through all of the different aspects (we have the same subjects for one, two, or three years depending on what is obligatory and what your chosen studies are)
There are no other way to get them
As long as you are below the alcohol limit and you are still able to drive safely
Why the hell should we pick up the bill for Greece?
Norway is apparently poor according to them
What legitimate grievances and suggestions from the UK about the refugee crisis did the EU dismiss?
Nowadays, it's one of the busiest waterways in the world
It's literally a problem for immigrants in the Scandinavian countries, that natives won't let them try and speak Danish/Swedish/Norwegian to them - it's part of the reason why a large amount of our expats never bother to learn our languages
Nobody says *brorsan* anymore
But
I would say Norway as well, but I feel like there are tensions from Norwegians towards us Danes
in about another few centuries or so
Christmas is an important part of Danish culture.
The amount of money being made on the illegal market is huge, and is one of the main things that attracts young people to become "gangsters".
Is that Beethoven's 9th that I hear
Snafflin' coobeasties, an' all
Where the heck did you see "American-flag T-shirts" in Copenhagen?
det rene volapyk
Almost all Europeans think of Africa as a continent without any food or water
UK just might get kicked out in October
000 words and Swedes have 600
A couple of years back a friend and I hiked from Trondheim to Hamar along the pilgrims route, we're both experienced hikers, with good gear and weren't even lost, but the second the weather got even a little bit bad we kept having norwegians stopping in their cars and offering a lift or waving as we passed their houses and inviting us in for something to eat and some shelter
Yes and the people who then do it illegally should be punished like the criminals that they are.
avert an unlawful attack that has begun or is imminent, provided that such acts do not
You can travel from the tip of Denmark to copenhagen in about 5-6 hours
The new stations will have some unique architecture like different colors on the walls.
With rejsekort you get a discount for traveling outside rush hour
I also said the people I know that use restaurants the absolute most - there’s a wide range before that
Mange tak(k)
> VIVE LA BIKE
tak, takk, danke gracias, gracie pracibo, thanks
Finally you add a good amount of alcohol to this, and everything is either bearable, or you either flee south for a winter vacation, kill yourself due to a winter depression, or build a longboat and go looking for somewhere warmer and lighter to invade
"Hey come on, it will be great and everybody will love os for it
I've found it quite easy, in comparison to the tiny bit of German i speak
Go' Mor'n Go' Mor'n by Annisette
Not by someone forcing others to change it.
Nope, but there are politicians who in my opinion wants to make the situation worse.
Every time a dane says anything Greenland related he is told to keep his evil colonial mouth shut.
And she is rather slim compared to most americans for instance
Our best one is "at nosse sig sammen" = "to balls yourself together" (doesn't make literal sense in Danish either), when you gotta pull yourself together and do that thing you're supposed to
sheesh how do Russians make do
I absolutely hate when people say this
Is Bundesland the singular
You shouldn't even have China on this graph
Danes understand Norwegians easily and Swedes a little less easily
It's a loving hate
You should see the Swedes here, amazed by the fact there is liquor in every store.
That was also my first introduction to "true" Indian cooking, as well as the insane complexity of the Israeli/Palestinian problem
We were mostly saved by the Dutch and the fact that Carl Gustav died in the middle of the occupation
You say that as if it was my doing.
Would it really make sense to go above that?
In Asia the stray dogs are pretty chill, never seen an aggressive one
What’s weird is that our foreign minister Jeppe Kofod had sex with a 15-year old intern (15 is legal here) and left her crying in the bedroom 12 years ago, and he hasn’t stepped down
According to my parents all the traditions surrounding our [graduation hats] are quite new
DCI Barnaby and DS Spiderman
Well I'm not sure, but I don't think they actually do any activities for members.
I absolutely agree with states receiving parts or even full businesses in return for aid
When are these houses from
And well, its well documented that its more difficult to learn as you get older, and Villy was not exactly young by any means
Edit: as u/Applepieoverdose correctly pointed out Edinburgh is most definetly a Capital it
Yeah, but calling people Sweden is taking things a bit too far no?
Is that because there is a difference in population density or difference in what constitutes a place, I wonder
I agree, at least for Denmark
which means "Beer location"
That sounds straight up crazy :/
Though I have recently been living with some family members who have chickens of their own, and they do not store the eggs from those in the fridge
I miss Pyrus
But I think it's pretty typical to move out at 18-19, because the financial assistance given to all adult students and cheap student housing actually allows people to do so
A week old
Those roads seem really narrow
The city has burned down, to dirt and ash 3 times
I didn't know I was supposed to hate Norway
* Wind: 67 %
>owning them libs
Regional identity is not that strong in Denmark, we also don't consider people from York danish even though we colonized that place extensively.
YouTube be like ; You cannot steal your work
Some friends I have won't even take out the garbage in the evening or on mondays
I remember having to go to an atm to exchange, then having to pay for something in cafe in order to get small 0,50c exchange to go to the toilet
We call it Sankthans in Denmark and it’s in June
OECD for instance Europe is a bigger economy than USA by most calculations.
If younger generations have no relationship with that kind of music why on earth would they ever approve of funds being spent on it or even go listen to it.
I think what will make an impact is once the distributor can send pricing signals to the home and appliances can respond accordingly (start washing clothes or charging electric car at night when price is lowest)
Royal     Dutch Medical Association calls it a violation of human rights, and     calls for a "strong policy of deterrence
Also, I guess, the Norse Myth stories
Doesn't matter what your religion says about the issue, if you ask me
Nah it's cool, we have terrible coverage so it all balances out.
Trustpilot basically strongarms companies into paying for their review service.
We have dedicated bike lanes almost everywhere
Is Lucia a pagan tradition
Generally, I remember to lock them at night or if I'm not at home, but not always, and it never bothers me if I don't tbh
I, too, would be interested in a source of information about this story
Also, not all coins are able to be traded back.
>Our new medicine might have side effects on people with genetically brown skin, and ethnic Arabs tend to have brown skin, therefore our medicine might have side effects on any ethnic Arab
Now if only that had been in 4K ...
If a politician gets convinced to change his opinion because of some protesters, he might no longer be representing the people who voted him into office in the first place and therefore be replaced at the coming election
And further incentivize clickbait titles?
You can't help but to notice the flags on officiel buildings on flag days
> according to the common rules for dividing ocean resources
*Cough* Inger *Cough*
Also fun fact you have to renew them every 8 years paying 90% of the original cost every time
but larger
I second this
A very flat country
Soldiers who go to war have a heartrate of a trillion the first time they hear real enemy gunfire in the vicinity
So Belgium did profit immensely from Congo, and you have to remember around 10 million people died
And then comes the distance from friends and family: and while I'm sure that _if_ I ended up in the US, I'd be able to find new friends, and perhaps start a family of my own, it'd just be weird having to travel more than 15 hours just to visit my sister
Whether Greeks coexisted with neighbouring Turks is not the point - the point is that Greeks did not wish to be *ruled* by Turks, and that they were not satisfied until they reclaimed their own state
I mentioned voter fraud because I'm Danish and thus wouldn't be able to vote in German elections
There are active independence movements in both Greenland and the Faroes, especially Greenland
Thousands of people sleep on the streets every night there, yet a fucking company needs 10 skyscrapers
" this policy has been   endorsed   by several other organizations:
It's like 12 minutes of action to 3 hours of "game"?
..and then require helicopter rescue because they fall asleep floating on an air mattress and wake up halfway to England
But i don't trust the EU, so i will continue voting for politicians that are mildly EU sceptic, but understand that many things are better done at an EU level and therefore agree to EU cooperation on certain things.
Lots of organic products and very cheap
Ø - Island
Once the coast guard has been properly trained and bring people back to Libya rather than Italy we can start discussions on Migrant relocation again, though considering how poorly it worked in the instances it was implemented before I doubt that with schengen in place we can make it work.
Like safe high-trust societies with a couple of extra trillion euros?
Fewer hours would create more jobs though
Quite small town, but because of our river, we have been a kinda "Trading Capital" in Denmark
And one of them has a statue and movie
**Funen:** Self obsessed people who won't stop talking about themselfs
Once inside the main gate it’s easy access to the apartments
Their names respectively can be translated to scrotum and penis
* Czech Republic: Great footballing nation, I miss the days of Nedved, Rosicky, Baros, Ujafulsi, Smicer etc
Rivers in Denmark
Now, they are just pure shit
And an Elvis museum which is build to look like his home in Memphis, which is expensive and not worth the money
If you wanted to piss off danes you should have used the swedish flag instead
It really makes it a lot easier instead of having to go vote for whether or not the taxes on dairy products with a fat percentage of 5% and over should rise by 10% or not.
True
I guess I shouldn't be surprised..
That seems unlikely
- Yes
Then she tried to charge me £1.50 for it.
Thats propably true
Though in elementary school it was obligatory to have a class called Kristendom (christianity)
I've even heard a joke in Denmark about the word for sleeping bag in Norwegian is kropskondom (body condom)
Otherwise never
No clue what that was all about
Most of the Ds in our languages used to be þ and ð
First time I've done it, but I started back in EU3, so I like to think that I've got quite a grasp of the game.
We need to get Hungary, Poland and Cypern out of the EU
Our politics are in complete shambles at the moment.
Well, it's about time he did something useful.
I guess colonization is a dark time for many countries, in Denmark is was no different, but often you talk about the islands is the Caribbean or Africa, but the treatment of Greenlandic people has been absolutely horrible in Denmark
I was thinking that since I dont have to pay right away Ill have time to find a better alternative.
So mandatory 17" computer monitor sizes next
Welcome to all of our new members, who've decided to join us this year
[2018 results]
Moving to another country on another continent is kind of difficult, and not really something you do on a whim from month to month.
Especially because if I didn't, people would repeat what I was saying back at me in "my accent" and laugh
Where isn't it available
Ikke blot er jeg trænet i ubevæbnet kamp i udførlig grad, men jeg har også adgang til hele den danske flådes arsenal og jeg vil bruge det i dets fulde omfang til at vaske din elendige røv af kontinentet, din lille skid
All three places I used to order from have closed down shipping internationally
The idea that *any* country “have all its shit together” is just false
Also i think this is a nice way of celebrating each other and our friendships between countries
He spoke to people from around the world and then they'd send each other these personalized postcard things from each other's countries and with their "call sign" (is that what it's called?) on them.
I mean, gravlax is just sort of what salami is to pork or other kinds of cured meat
All the Scandinavian languages and English Fluently.
But yes, I'll grant you that accidental injury is more common with knives
It was completely unnecessary to educate him on sex since schools have a "theme week" every year from (I think) sixth grade about it, but we inquired any way, and got a polite "yeah, I know
Copenhagen: Sweden
You can be proud that you tried.
What if the EU ordered your country to accept or face economic consequences?
Copenhagen: Sweden
My though was similar
* Estonia: Where Dannebro fell from the skies
Making friends with a Finnish border guard after crossing into Finland from Russia
*regnen, though tbh the show isn't that popular here in Denmark
Copenhagen
Amazing :)
I don't blame the foreign exchange students for that though.
AC/DC and Nick Cave
The other route
I currently have a German exchange student living with me, and she had to toast our ryebread extra, because she doesn't like how mushy it is (she also didn't like how sour it is, so now she just gets German ryebread shipped to her, from her parents)
In general a lot of the touristy places in Copenhagen (Amalienborg, Marmorkirken, Tivoli, Christiania) are all worth their salt, especially is the weather is nice
What the fuck are they saying
Still the most ridicules thing I have seen the law be used for.
I am in
When a mama German and a papa German love each other very much ...
**Russia**
Maarten are like Canada to the UK: independent states with the same head of state
OP made a follow up comment saying it was 3270, which isn't bad at all
On arrival you need to figure out where your hostel is, go to your hostel, check in, drop off your stuff, and then you're in a new city and you need to figure out what you want to see while you're there, how to get around, probably buy some mass transit pass).
>and the Antwerp centrail railway station will serve to be essentially a cathedral for this man
I would be interested in seeing the percentage of people who rent or live in public housing
Well, to be terror, it has to have a political goal it wants to accomplish.
So I have no idea what this post is about
Georgien - Georgia
Norway has, essentially, free electricity from massive dams
A society where the choice is either status-quo or reaction
These places are filled with so much History its coming out of the seams and into the atmosphere.
Kaupmannahafn is the oldest record of the current name which means Merchants' harbour
At a time that was discussed instead of the EU, IMF and ECB debt restructuring.
For instance in some ways the settlement of Southern Ukraine is really similar to the settlement of the American Midwest - attracting settles from all over (Swedes for instance
It has to be said though that Croatia and Serbia are equally worth visiting and it's only a few hours away by car, generally road trip though the balkans can be highly recommended.
Guess we'll see another war in Syria, Ukraine as well as a jihadi caliphate in Caucasus then
It's a business city - and great place for Asian stuff (food/Asian market).
Also, we don't have the problem of water and islands everywhere, and it's flatter than Stockholm.
Jeg kan være hvorsomhelts, nårsomhelst, og jeg kan slå dig ihjel på over 7 måder, og det er bare før jeg har fået min morgenkaffe og citronhalvmåne, men jeg er ikke kun trænet til eventhåndtering, jeg har også adgang til det meste af hjemmeværnets bøsser og karabiner, og jeg har tænkt mig at bruge det hele til at udrydde din sørgelige eksistens fra jordens overflade, din dumme knæjt
Latvia - Letland
In Denmark the Iranian ambassador refused to shake hands with the speaker of parliament (Danish article).
We also had separate cantinas and any smølf caught sneaking into the second or third year cantina, was painted blue and forced to wear a smurf costume
Sincerely,
Oldest flag country here
That's honestly a good point
Sweden is 'neutral', Denmark is interventionalist, Finland is very defensive, and Norway is protectionist.
A “new” reform has, generally speaking, pressured around 27 children in a classroom with 1 teacher
Try to grow tomatoes in Denmark without a greenhouse
They were just called whores
I think it's good, it means that Dennark goes through if they play in Ireland :) also, as a Dane the World Cup qualifier decider match that ended 5-1 was a delight
But I believe most people still drink it
I'm opposed to the direction that the recent(meaning post-Schlüter) compromises with the Liberals have dragged Denmark
Damn that's really intersting actually
Nope hahah would be pretty if I’d just be spitting out danish words expecting some kind of translation
Vi saje mojn når vi komme
That's interesting, but yeah it probably boils down to language
* " Saml appetit ude, spis hjemme" (look at others, but eat your wife/husband) - you are welcome to be horny for others, but only fuck your wife/husband
It's not about "We're not there yet." or whatever.
We do that as well in Denmark
Oh so *that* would destabilize Belgium
Every time you see boats ferrying people across the Mediterranean, EU demanding open borders, etc
The news will report if they think there will be snow on Christmas and that's also kind of a big deal
Though to be fair, aren't fanny packs one of the best safeguards against pickpocketing?
While I disagree with OP's opinion, stating that Greece's debt should be forgiven doesn't make him a troll.
There are old warehouses at the habor where they would store imports, among other sugar and tobacco from terroritories in the west indies which tells us something about slave trade, international trade etc
Jeg er trænet i krisehåndtering og jeg er den bedste kageudslætter i hele hjemmeværnet
You can drink anywhere in Denmark, but some streets/parks/areas have ["no drinking in this area"-signs]
In judicial terms our crime consisted of aiding, transporting and harbouring persons without valid travel documents.
That's some downright strange servertalk
So a littoral translation of *rige* would be realm, but yes in a more correct context it should be understood as *kejserrige* (empire)
Suddenly I got hit by this walking bug
> no one is saying lets instantly create this EU state, but lets just take a step towards that
Language is a big part of it I think but also stuff like having seen so much of your media
The first example builds on the idea that there is a genetic difference between races, which is objectively true
Jesus christ, what god-forsaken prices on alcohol do Swedes have if they come HERE to buy it?
I like both the imperial German and Russian flags they both seem badass.
They do not offer it as something you can do as you get ready to leave
OMG what the hell happend in Bhutan
All I see a big Germany with its Lebensraum lands, Kalmar Union, the greater UK,Roman Empire part II, Ottomans in Balkans, Big hungry Russia in the east
It is also possible to select spanish as an elective (or have both french and german where one is an elective), or other languages if the school offers it
I think we are the ones with the most in the world, we have like 32 different or so
Don't want that sort of wankers here
Their jobs are gone
You’re always welcome to hit me up, if you decide you wanna learn the language
Finally get to check in the fact we stayed with'em till the end
Male names: Per, Henning, Poul/Povl, Henrik, Jens, Wagn, Ib, Steen
First they talk about how much they hate Christmas decorations and then they buy some peppernuts and vaniljekranse (Danish Christmas cookies) anyways because they love the taste of them
How would we all act
Would you be okay with that as a compromise?
France still has to pay for their mistakes
It's not meant to offend usually, but it just isn't filtered that much, so some people will probably get offended.
You're appetite, I messed up the spelling.
". Even though he knew the ongoing statistics of how many soldiers (and civilians) were being killed by IED's on a regular basis
> it's just that pan Scandinavism never got the same traction in 19th century like pan germanism and pan italianism did
Must suck to have to deal with those assholes
I meant that our flag originates from Estonia obviously Christianity and the cross don't originate from either Estonia or Denmark.
But what would be that dominant culture
If this is true, I might just love you
Don't fear my accuracy, I am a benign pisser
1) Australian guy who travelled alone
I wouldn't call it crappy, but if you're used to suburbia then you're not going to like it, that's for sure.
Those are mostly just childhood memories now
“Hard” when it comes to languages is basically just code word for “my native language doesn’t have it or anything similar to it”. How hard a language is depends a lot on your native language
We have very good bike lanes everywhere
You drink at certain occations, but you wouldn't see people go into a bar and order two beers and two snaps on a normal saturday evening
An addiction or a bad habit
Precisely
Not using ad much doesn't mean it will go negative
Sorry, I know I'm late to the party
The standard closing time for bars and clubs is 5 am, here
The current status is 6 hours old, and basically hasn't changed since yesterday.
_Full disclaimer before you read my comment: I am an ardent socialist
It depends
This article is from the 29th of October
Though theirs may be a bit more in-your-face-ish
I merely commented on how often we hear such accusations.
Typically goes like this:
I waited 5 years and I am royally fucked in comparison to when we first tried to see if I could get help
We've done away with the formal pronouns, so there is only one way to address others
Sig mig hvad fanden
Zealand, where "kaffe" is one syllable, but "te" is two
You can have the whalers if you return the north sea oil money ;)
yep, waay better
Yeah, I'd be fine with scrapping the EU if we had an alternative.
without letting the experts decide what will be the best solution in each area
I go to church one or two times a year, and it's because my mom insist.
ITS FINE
Who is that *we* that destroyed the Greek economy a decade ago
Then why in gods name are we giving all that free money to them?
I thought a Dane of all people would know that the plural of LEGO is LEGO, not LEGOs
10, Denmark
Mostly Greenlandic, and danish in school.
Væsker (Danish) = Liquids
We do
So after half a year i finally finished the project
But I want to visit Estonia now
Such an interesting concept
[And here is the Danish prime minister biking
I would hardly call BT a newspaper
I get questions daily like “do you think it would be okay if I just went to” **bitch don’t leave the country
The meaning is something like "Remotistan", which was used by Disney in english
Is it just me or is this a bad map/legend
I have no clue, but Danes are generally cold towards strangers.
Please don't save her
[Example 3]
Norwegian: rar (means weird, strange) and Danish: rar (means cozy, nice)
We'll welcome you back into the kingdom with open arms, although we might get a small problem doing the same Halland and Blekinge
So something like "shit wriggler". I don't know the origin of the word, but maybe someone who wriggles in shit
I think most people think of Hallstatt, Austria
Personally, I sunbath topless if I notice other people are doing it as well, and I've never felt like it was weird or odd to do so
Don't you swallow the last k?
Exactly
Cyprus - Cypern
As for "traditional" museums (i.e. lots of glass cases and information panels), the National Museum is probably the best, and certainly the largest
My family plays Bezzerwisser, Alias & Partners
" really doesn't cut it
*Realizes that Denmark, in the grand scheme of things, is a Hufflepuff
A beautiful ecosystem
25% of the Latvian population is Russians and speak Russian
It’s just dough based on flour and butter, boiled in small chunks
"We can't control what other countries do".
Most foreginers notice **Middelfart** and **Lolland**, but some are also funny in Danish such as **Sæd** (semen), **Lem** (penis), **Tarm** (intestine), **Røved** (ass oath) and **Helved** (hell)
You can get eggs from other places than Denmark
Romania as we speak
oh, we call it "sweet milk" (3,5%)
Huh, thought "Með löggum skal land byggja" sounded familiar
Don't forget snaps that's essential for an Easter lunch.
We did *not* ship all our best bacon and butter to you for the past 150 years just to come in seventh
way too many danish people thinks its perfectly fine wtf
Seems like roman salutes are highly televised and historians are unsure whether the ancient romans acutally used it as a salute
Now all that's left is to assume the noun's gender!
Should have invested in Eastern Germany amirite??
In Denmark the government asked the public transportation companies to get as many trains and buses rolling as possible, so people wouldn't be crowded together
Just like mine
Just a small note, I think Norwegian is split into two groups: New Norwegian (NN) and Bokmål BOK (Which about 85-90% speak).
Here's some Danish and German added:
It always confuses the hell out of me, since we have both the Danish and Norwegian layout printed, and I can never remember which is which
Jordegern (Dirt Squirrel) - Chipmunk
Sweden has just been leasing it on a long-time deal /s
Trends in naming changes all the time in Denmark.
I thought it was [klatkager] based on the name lmao
We joke about winter depression here but it’s obviously very real
The net contributions of Denmark, Netherlands, Germany in 2019 were around 175 euro per capita
I don't know where he got that idea from
The black and white photo looks more like it's from the 50's.
You can see the same shit all along the southern part of Europe, that doesn’t make those countries rich
Well in Denmark you *mostly* don't need to calculate taxes so for that part out isn't so weird we aren't taught it
It's very pronounced
Maybe not THE dumbest, but choosing wich country should get wich part og the northern sea didn't go in our favour
It's not exactly communist bread lines.
You nailed it
That the medicinal industry is out here trying to get all your money, and that they work with doctors who will tell you you’re sick, and prescribe meds instead of telling you to eat healthy
A couple of years ago some guy from Copenhagen came forward saying he had stolen a sword from the statue, 16 years prior  while on a bender in the city, and he had been too afraid of telling anybody about it since
My grandmother was the one exception though because she doesn't speak english
Names that have a direct meaning (like snow) is translated, so its Jon Sne
In most of the world they don't have the climate for it, and where they do, they don't have quite the culture for it like in Europe
Like, all it accomplish is raising stock prices for 2 years, at which point, 3 years of dividends will be paid out
I once made the mistake of listening to the BBC radio doc [Ireland’s Forced Labour Survivors] on my way to work, and I was openly weeping when I arrived
On this site we shall build a new country where we can worship freely, govern justly, and grow vast fields of hemp for making rope and blankets.
“Zuka
The first party I got invited to turned out to be a lot of people in a small flat, a coffee table filled with all sorts of vodka, and a kitchen table with dark bread, pickles, and fish
It's federalize or die, has been since before WW2.
Wtf
"Fjeldabe" (mountain-monkey) is a purely danish word, i assume you approve ;)
"it happened, but we refuse to recognize the Armenian genocide"
The second movie ends with her reciting the Danish constitution in Danish
Therefore gun control does make a difference in Denmark (and probably also elsewhere in Europe).
It can be quite heavy, but after a long day of hiking in the highlands a solid meal is exactly what my body needs
Pretty small country you got there
* Pikhede (Penis heat)
In my experience karaoke isn't very popular here
We do use farfar, farmor, mormor and morfar
As it should be, imo
I honestly don't understand how anyone with access to the internet could ever think it does
Just like Scotland, and just like Northern Ireland.
Reddit actually does have profile pictures since the redesign
Denmark has declared bankrupcy
Not true
Trump is going to cause a lot of damage all over the world.
That's also the main reason it was changed in 1866
Not really
The masses of Mexico don't have jobs?
Aarhus was just celebrated as the european capital of culture, so that doesn't make completely sense.
Cons: living in the countryside is depressing as shit, and it's an overall inconvenient country (stores close early, no uber, taxis are expensive as fuck, it takes 2 weeks for your package to arrive if you ordered online) and the weather
Swedish Pediatric Society (they outright call for a ban)
Ah, you're right
Usually the only stickers you will find on cars in Denmark is [this] It says "support our soldiers".
I know it sounds weird but the cat lover in me wish we had stray cats : ( Or at least the amount of them I saw in Greece
Guess you watched full duration shows in Realplayer instead of all of us other chumps who could only download pornclips from Napster
I know the german really well Cause i’m part german but i also know the melody of the UK and irish pretty well
in the rear, the middle and the front, next to the bus driver
Almost all Danes have strong accents
I binged the shit out of it and the recommended it to all my friends, haha
Winters without proper snow are very common, which renders winter and “wow cold Scandinavia” pretty useless
I'm sure we can hit both but I agree with the priority given to developement aid.
That's the case for other words ending in "ag" as well
Probably that it's too close to Sweden
I doubt that people will take you in like that
You need to work 225 hours a year, but apart from that, the rules are the same
In such a continuum, when is it exactly a loan
to say the least
While a tax would just make them move production elsewhere its not as if the problem of mass-unemployment is going away just because tackling it via robot tax is not the ideal solution.
scandium/skandium, or when the name is close to the same (uran/uranium)
There has been for many years an exodus of people with poor labour market integration from Copenhagen to places with lower cost of living
We were mostly focused on leaving
Let me ask you like this then: How, in your view, is the labouring class not emancipated yet
I clearly remember it had stories about Odin trying to cheat Freja into sleeping with him, people getting killed and torn apart, all the stuff the original myths had
Don't be too worried about those rules:)
Basically nothing would change, depending on the social circles I associated with I could even keep speaking Danish
'Et glimt i øjet' doesn't mean "it's in the past".
'Cause it seems like you are saying the parents have taught her to hate Jews, and I assume you are suggesting they are Muslims, which as far as all indications go, they are not.
Source: I am in St
Tolkien's Elvish was partially inspired on a sound-level by Welsh, but Elvish in the Witcher is literally just slightly garbled Welsh
At least Denmark currently has Margrethe Vestager (Executive Vice-President), but despite her popularity in the EU system, she was not chosen as president of the commission, which again was taking as a sign, how Denmark was too small put any weight behind her
It takes 3 hours and 40 minutes to fly from Dublin to Bucharest, while it takes 9 hours and 45 minutes from Dublin to Ottawa.
It puts a bit of a strain on the school system, for example, and there have been episodes where the police had a hard time containing unrest and violence.
I was definitely not expecting that the first time I went down there
I like oranges, bananas, and strawberries as well but I don't want them on my fucking pizza
They can both use protection as well so the whole idea that it's always automatically seen as the guy being irresponsible is just ridiculous
"*Are you going to the lands of Plague Rats this summer
I would send you one sandwich if I could
But I think that very different in saying that rich states invest in poor states.
dont really agree with much of that, but we should get back to point anyway.
There are also some schools where they turned quite nasty and there were rumours of sexual assault on the first year girls
En personbil og en lastbil er vel teknisk set også automobiler med den logik.
Those roads seem really narrow
That's not a joke, all busses in all of Denmark will have the Dannebrog flying high on any random holiday
Kofoed and Anker (last names) are super common on Bornholm
Exactly
At least in Scandinavia it doesn't.
Google (bare google det) “just google it”for looking things up
You can use it to describe people, describe the mood around you, describe your new lovely lamp
Did the same pattern not occur during the Belgium government crisis 589 days without political leadership and the strange divided country just kept on ticking.
Yes, these statistics were made by OP looking at people
Either the rest of Europe have god-like "Non-Digital Infrastructure" or they have never visited Copenhagen.
Here we make huge pine tree plantations, because of our Christmas trees
Some places
It was litteraly just my shoes from confirmation that later after years tear became some outdoor working shoes
You asked every single german
just male genital mutilation
> It actually is its own language
If you're going on another bus or train, you don't check out, you just check in  on the other bus (so the system knows you have changed bus)
Makes more sense then hahah
Greece: going up to the acropolis
In Japan you can get a decent meal for what gets you a hot dog at a gas station here
Actually most people have it year round.
For all we know, then we are moving back towards protectionism, which is all the more reason to support the EU.
Because if you wear a burka, i would properly have nothing in common with you.
We need it for
Hmm i still use it a lot well the messenger part of it at least
We started doing stuff with the mink and killing mink several months ago
I'm in my mid twenties and we had many as well
Weird why this soon isn't old news
The only thing keeping them is the cash transfers from the rest of us.
I could
It’s not very big in Denmark/Sweden, which is a shame because it’s so much fun to play, and not as dangerous as many people think
People sing songs at the bonfire and often a local politician or other public figure gives a speech.
NATO or UN depending on mission.
5° - 10° = t-shirt, shirt and wind jacket
Thats wrong
>You can vote in our own elections
* Bøsserup (Fag ville)
I still think it’s funny to say “araba maraba” even though you probably wouldn’t say that in school/at work, it’s still pretty normal in informal settings
It gives the place a more cozy and "natural" look to me
> because landlines are often non existant anymore
I can't find any Danish words that end with a double consonant, so I can't really compare it
&#x200B;
The KKK is about as dead as they come.
I have no proof of where it originated or why but I suspect it's simply a climate thing.
Earn 29
Looking up the etymology for "dejligt," it looks like it comes from an old Germanic word - "degelik" meaning "good" as in skilled - which seems to have otherwise been forgotten
Its like a celebration of the good kind of differences that there are
If they stick to the East Asian way of parenting, of behaving etc
But said in, and considered, a single word
morgan and trump love eachother (because of course they do).
We're woke now, though, so just the pillaging this time around
Basically all countries generally consider this among the most important issues we are currently facing.
So in reality, you could have a kurkku in your kurkku
It's nearly half your comments in this thread
Denmark is [Scandinavian] [Nordic] and [Northern European]
I think it’s just a very unfortunate side effect of anything that is implemented on a large scale - some people fall through the cracks
I can still imagine her waving to random people across the intersection when biking around town, thinking that they waved to her first
The thing is, other laws overrule those weird laws.
ØL! ØL! OG FLERE ØL!
And I love the shape of nature north of the Alps
I'll take the liberty to split you your comment to hopefully give some insight in the right context
The only thing I want to add is: the price 100% makes a difference
"Experts" say and "sources" say are often just something papers use to back some claim up that can easily be false
they know i paid the tax because the state can see who does and who doesnt
Fair enough
Here's a small list, which I quickly created by looking through their catalogue of presenters on their site
Don’t worry man, your internship sounded very cool unlike mine who was at magasin in the Rødovre center
The most famous ones are probably "Jeppe paa Bjerget" and "Erasmus Montanus".
I understand less Low German and Bavarian than Dutch
The surrender of German forces in the Netherlands, northwestern Germany, and Denmark was announced on the evening of May 4, effective by 8AM May 5
Authoritarianism is the problem.
That comparison is hardly something to be proud of.
We have "ø" which is the danish word for island
I used to actually go there but it's been ages since I've taken a proper gander at this marvelous subreddit hehe
Meanwhile France is deeply involved in its former West African colonies militarily and monetarily
Their ’logic’ is that the pig indirectly represents the HK resistance towards the mainland
The waste incineration is not counted as renewable
Going to Disneyland everyweek, upto multiple times
I won't bother trying
Just don't fall asleep in class
We are rich because we managed to discover industrialization, the scientific method and rights based government.
Are the first that come too mind
We get really depressed
Unions in France tend to be more autonomous, assertive and political, hence the prevalence of strikes
*kun* is apparently the weathered-down result of the phrase "ikke uden" (or "ække uten" as it would have properly been in Old Danish)
It has that meaning in Danish
There’re always tourists in the area wanting to ride a tour boat, eating at the restaurants (colored buildings, top of them is residential), or famous people making commercials
Seems they should blame the corporation for blatantly cheating their way around the rules?
[But we do refuse
The famous musician Kim Larsen named an album his personal number as a joke
/me has never even heard of lefsa :)
Don't take my word for it tho
The fear mongering is way to far spread.
That they wave a battle flag that stood for keeping slavery
You are forgetting you don't need to be an EU member to export to these countries, and that you can't be sure where they buy their things
Way too expensive
Geography isn't exactly their _thing_.
Hvad med alle Olsen Banden filmene istedet
If it was supposed to sound Danish they would've called it "Hansen-Is" or something
Today Bulgaria wasnt overrun by the lizard people
Ultra-globalized liberals to the left of me,
I love the idea that other world leaders noticed it happening early on - presumably from watching footage of it or being told by aides and then work to counter it
Across the Copenhagen habour
The subsidiary price for the windmills and solar cells for the 269 MW that was planed in 2018 had an avarage of 10% of electricity price
People should not be scared when they see an officer of the law
People in countries with dubbed programming, how do you feel about it?
In my experience, I only see flags in supermarkets during big sales, which are rarer
Have been following Doonesbury since the mid eighties (strange cause it's not a children's comic but I liked it).
These things so often come down to projection
Maybe not as many **huge** people as USA has, but you're not that big either.
Ideological terms do not change meaning like that
Scandinavism is in no way dead, we're still united in hating Sweden
I love japanese since it's very different and allows you to do a lot of wordplay
And you honestly think this is all because of "slavery"?
Maze Runner
Pay up dude
When we signed up for the EU and the ECHR, we expected people from other countries in Europe.
Usually by the Governmental parties (not any parties in Parliament), but any parties can propose a bill.
I don’t dislike moderne buildings, but a lot of the time it’s an excuse to build uncreative and boring concrete blocks
The Kattegat is a stretch of sea with many narrow passages, and at some times the navigable path through the Kattegat was less than 4 kilometers wide
Article III of the convention of 1907 states that hostilities must not commence without explicit warning
Still, if you are going to be the minister of foreign affairs and actually give presentations in English, you might want to practice a bit more
No need to know or guess the exact number, just know it is the ball park of the other two nations
If you support free speech, you have to support everything.
So Denmark
000
Where I'm from (mid-west Jutland) people who talk loudly are usually told to shut the fuck up
He was shot in the leg, but survived and was found by french soldiers, who he was thankfully able to convince that he was Danish
fire is hot, snow is cold, fire melt snow
To quote a guy I once talked to who's from Switzerland who speaks 5 languages "Danish is not a language, it's a throat disease"
At least back when I was in school, it was up to the student what dialect of English they wanted to go with; British, American, etc, as long as it was consistent
Just in case
Those two places mainly, yeah
They are, that's why they had to launder the money.
If you are being called racist or xenophobe, maybe it's worth taking a look at your statements and try to understand how it might be seen as something different from "just stating the facts". Maybe not
You don't need to be a Navy Seal to be safe in Europe.
The most attractive places to work and live in Denmark is around Copenhagen and in Eastern Jutland.
Someone give that guy a pc with city skylines and mods installed
They come off as very rude
I misread the comment
Do French people think it is good to have two seats of parliament?
We are not as squeaky clean any longer
It’s however less prevalent than in the past and commercials and ads are actually way less than say 10-15 years ago
Of course if you’re not from Copenhagen, you might think it’s a bit different from the rest of the country given its sheer size
Oostvaardersplassen was particularly important in the case of the latter species, since it served as a springboard for them to recolonise much of western Europe
Okay, so which Danes are we talking about here?
Edit: Also I added that the Western half of Papua is part of Indonesia, where they have like 250(there are over a thousand on the entire island) of the 700 languages in Indonesia
The anti-vaxxer who belives wifi to cause cancer?
Can I understand how on earth did you get that user flair, it’s hilarious
The Danish health service recommends no alcohol at all during a pregnancy, but if you do drink, then limit it to less than one or two per day instead of getting hammered and stay sober for longer periods
Currently looking at furniture and decorations
Secondly, if the myth is true then we now know that it will take more than 6 hours to wake him up, considering that that was the approximate amount of time it took the germans to subjugate us on the 9th of april 1940
Thank you for sharing
Do you honestly believe that DR in Denmark, SVT in Sweden and NRK in Norway are no worse than this garbage
"Hæveautomat" which translates to
That's the sort of issue what I was referring to
until i saw this post i never knew volapuk was an actual language
The european labor market will be full of venomous snakes, drop bears and tax-dodging crocodiles.
Most of them are muslim as well as asians
“Hvis jeg skal være ærlig, så var lektier en by i Rusland for mig da jeg var teenager”.
Paragraf 1
It's very racist
Will have trouble actually speaking Danish especially
The only numbers I can find that are newer is on their data site, but they are from 2014
He's the British foreign minister in the midst of the biggest foreign agreement Britain will have to make in our lifetimes, and we shouldn't give him attention?
We also joke that Denmark should go to the river Eider in Germany again
And stop being on your phones ffs
as they should be ;) must have been awkward for everybody, though
Johnny Logan :D
People were throwing fireworks after random people on the street, random acts of violence /intimidation were common, police had a permanent stand in the town square.
Still makes me tear up when I hear it now
I've yet to see these in other countries
My phone lasts two days easy and if I know I might be away from home for longer than that I bring a charger
Yes, that's what "digging" implies
I just don’t like porridge, period
Bone structure changes for one.
Of course you're from Copenhagen
It's an 8 hour drive at 645 kilometers...
As far as I know, there are only 11 poles.
Wish I and the general population knew more about this whole conflict
I'd venture to guess that differing structures of our education systems, mean that these direct comparisons should be taken with a grain of salt.
The amount of Ugandan refugees arriving in Europe can be counted on like 1 hand.
Is it a second native language?
Yes, it's a male name and also a roof
Vikings were still right here too
(Millioner, Milliarder, Billioner, Billiarder)
You can come live with us if you want, we're practically cousins
The English examples you mentioned sound fine, too
Copenhagen = København
With all this said, I go about once or twice a year
Elk in American is the Wapiti
Cycling infrastructure in the countryside is more lacking, but generally fine in towns and cities
We are not Germans and we don't sound alike
A big thanks to all new users who've decided to join us, but also to all the old regulars
scandium/skandium, or when the name is close to the same (uran/uranium)
raisins are underrated
Didn't they also make Roskilde Fjord look like it was surrounded by mountains
I think it also have changed over time
and a lot of them were winning and setting records in events where there have been massive doping over the years.
Okay, could you rephrase that somehow
I have a faint suspicion I'll be buying a ~~jet engine~~ air cooler
Whether the chair(wo)man of the parliament should refuse visits from an ambassador who refused to shake her hand (because she's a woman).
In Denmark, for example, it's basically our version of sixth form for the smarter kids (we're there from around 16 to 19), whereas in Germany it's for much younger smarter students, and is more like secondary
While I admire the research behind the article (Measuring the fundamentalism of first and second-third generation muslims) I disagree with his conclusions that Islam is not the problem.
Boris will fuck it all up
I chose the work myself
You could also consider the Kalmar Union as a predecessor to the entire Nordic region with the older kingdoms of Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden as predecessors to the Kalmar Union.
What he also forgot to add was "Which one?".
Ice cubes feels like the biggest luxury
Should be required to watch it during school, after schindlers list - in all countries
We hadn’t been so full in two weeks
Why is this tidal wave of reddit liberals so absolutely bootyblasted about some shitty pseudo-tabloid operating in another country?
We where somewhere in Croatia
They didn't have motorways in the early 19th century
There's very little conspiracy in it.
I mean there's the fact that Berlin isn't inhabited by Germans in large part
3rd highest ranked nazi
(aircon is not common at all in private homes, for obvious reasons)
The state debt level in Danish Kroner is under 23% and citizens owe way more than that in unpaid pension taxes.
Overall people are neutral to atheists like me
Same in Denmark, here you have to shake hands with the mayor of your town and a bunch of other people at a ceremony where you receive the citizenship
Vegetarianism is on the rise and Hitler was a vegetarian.
Although I’ve never officially been a part of the moment of inner mission
We say "Prosit" in Denmark, but I honestly don't know what it means.
Thomas in the Caribbean
Theres a way for non citizens to get it, I think you have to work 10 hours a week but I could be wrong
Finally, Copenhagen has its own dialect too
The arguments for this is, that children of non-western immigrants often integrate poorly into Danish society, and integration is key to maintaining the welfare state
I think it also has to do with the fact, that g-mail refers to one company, while e-mail is a general term
And the polish voters are cheering
I have been to both Berlin and Amsterdam and would probably pick Amsterdam as I felt it was more walkable and compact.
I think that was that
Woooooow, that guy is spot on
It's not cool being the first to arrive
“verandere das Leben von Millionen”
Think of it as creating a tight bond between the peoples of our nations through many years of *national cooperation***.**
Anyone that has been to Helsingør  knows the smell of rotting seaweed is offputting
What happens if you have a stay at the hospital for 14 days for exampel
NASA has a bigger budget and the US has Hollywood spitting out movies about NASA
Which is why we're seeing a relatively small country such as Ireland being able to impose it's will in saying no deal if it includes a hard border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland (though to some extent a lot of EU countries are supportive of that point, because no one wants to see a revival of the Troubles)
I don't think we would even take it back anymore
There is only one true god and that is FSM.
It'll be like watching a British panel show
A national passport
Fin means pretty, dude
(But for real it’s not that bad
And of course, you couldn't expect anything from the airlines, when they were called Ryanair, Norwegian, EasyJet, etc
These ones are not so popular anymore:
Options are either specific loans or looking into programmes like the Eramus programme
I would consider "getting out" when violent acts against minorities become socially acceptable, and police starts turning a bling eye and courts start acquitting the perpetrators.
I enjoy the sugar free version of the Faxe Kondi
In Danish, "øgenavn" is the word for a nickname or derisive name
We get some, you get some, Finland gets some
There are children and babies in those places, places that are really third world countries.
Boo, hiss
Not necessarily wealthy, but they're ranked quite a bit higher than Romania / Bulgaria etc in my experience
However, that claim usually comes from Americans or Southern Europeans who are used to that very "outwardly social" mentality, small talk etc
But you're welcome to come up here and convince the country that people might save a syllable or character by not using "single" grams, I frankly don't give a care
The iron curtain
Burning energy 24/7 just to be a bit more comfortable seems really excessive and wasteful.
She looks like Rihanna which is a +
These things so often come down to projection
And when i hear Swedes who is bad at danish trying to speak danish it does indeed sound like you guys have a potato in your mouth
The Danish constitution was established in 1849 and has been changed four times:
''Genghis Khan; the Scourge of China - An inspiration for us all
ASDFGHJKLÆØ'
Its like The Donald just for the opposite side
In Europe this will imply that answers lean towards walking, bicicles (in some countries) and public transportation.
I’ve lived both in and out of cph, and though I do agree that there is a certain staleness to the air in the inner city, I wouldn’t go as far as call it sewer like
Is Ireland still a poor country
* Has your view of Germany changed during the Corona virus crisis
Yes
Rarely, it's only five times a year-ish
And there are usually several of them
If a woman wants to sell sex, why should anyone be against that
The longest "stone throw" was 943 meters according to the journalist who did the check on the realtors adds
"Ja, jag vill leva jag vill dö i Norden
But can we please have Holstein back
It’s 53 to 47 or something like that
"Mørke" in Denmark
I think where we disagree is on what the use of the flags mean
The plot wasn't a thrilling puzzle or even that complicated
Everest and the Sherpas
Copenhagen
It certainly would be a secret language
When danish people insult swedish people, they call them "swede".
And that sounds to me like a cheap attempt at a quick dismissal.
Doesn't matter where in the world I go or what I do, that tax is coming out until I pay it off..
Get a grade and some comments by mail.
VIVE LA BIKE
Well the same people were begging for those tanks to save their lives 15 years before this strike
He's just a moron
Some years back a moped was thrown from the stands in Italy
Aren't there also strict rules for how you can store weapons
Hey
oh hunny, you really dont
They learn Danish in school, many of them go to Denmark to study for university and just in general the culture (food, politics, making friends etc.) is very close to Danish culture.
Could be tattoos, piercings or FGM
Systembolaget is 20+ no
English is technically my first language
Though it's unfortunately the driver for a lot of decisions made.
ITT: People who aren't French and generally have a severely lacking understanding of a complex issue, overly simplify the issue and completely make up their mind based on that lacking understanding
Also we have good bike lanes
Did you go to a public school
Sheltered liberals in Western Europe?
We got that too in Danish
If your journey is done, you tap the card against the checkout reader
Now I live in a building from the 1910s with new old-style windows
18 year olds suffer from alcohol abuse, should the legal limit be higher than that then?
They do not agree about the solutions or the scope of the issue.
* The liberals have had great succes undermining trade-unions the last 20 years, which, because of the succes of so-called 'yellow' or 'ideologically alternative'(read 'liberal') trade-unions, have led to labour been overall weakened when it comes to collective bargaining
I could think of more, if I wanted to
The question is do you just ignore those who return and leave them radicalized and a potential danger to everyone else or do you try to do something about it.
We still use pagan traditions like “Nisser” and “Goat” and “Julefrokost” all part of ancient traditions
"Which country do you prefer" is a very different question from "which do you feel closer to"
Although today I learned that kefir is Polish apparently
I've seen news stories from the US where people pay several tens of thousands in bail
It's not specified
Goddamn ingrates
They just don't have funny names like Morgenstern, Goldmesser or Krankenzimmer
We have a few private hospitals which can do simple operations, so you can buy private insurance enabling you to get faster back for work
As others have pointed out we don’t flaunt our wealth the same way in Scandinavia, but parts of Stockholm and Copenhagen is very expensive
Everyone bitching about this but I'm just happy they did a proper comparison when both days were dreary and overcast with no foliage
Most of the time they won't even be true examples of oppression - being disapproved of in a community where most people don't agree with you isn't oppression
More than hourly if you browse r/popular
I admit to just bringing out the popcorn and watching it all go up in flames until everything implodes
There's almost no wooden houses in Denmark and southern Sweden.
If you only look at large mass-shootings (terrorists and madmen), then yes, the US is ranked as 'normal', but because this is something we are all subject to.
This is, I presume, the same way I am opposed to the ideological direction of Socialism
And besides we already have our beautiful Princess
But I would still claim that adults suburbanites and rurals use cars way more than walk/bikes/public transportation on a statistical level
Most of us here though, did go to school in the early 90s and early 00s though, I'm aware that we've gotten better at telling the story within the last 10ish years :)
Is this a thing
We may as well wait for them to drop whatever religious or cultural ideas that demands it, which can take centuries if they live in a large enough community
Allegedly
In Denmark, most people would just say the Danish word for "smile" which is quite serendipitous
Aarhus: people Call Aarhus Capital of Jylland, culture Capital 2017, one of the oldest cities in Denmark
I was purely talking about in terms of language
" Most other western democracies had similar stuff in their constitutions when they started out
I can dig that
"Politikerlede" - Basically means "being sick of politicians".
Again, that's just blatant prejudice, though I suppose it may be perceived as the opposite through a certain lens
However Denmark and Sweden are the two countries that have had the most wars.
But the french ones are more exclusive to Denmark
I sweat very little, and nobody notices if I skip a day or even two
Worked at a Føtex in copenhagen, was always awfull when semi drunk swedes tried to speak Swedish to me, always had to ask if we could swap over to english
Current government is Center-Right, and I am center-left, so even though I can complain, at least it's not more to the right
Here, I doubt more than 1/10 would know a decagram is
Now our government has just made it mandatory to wear masks in all public spaces and not just transport
We get that as well, along with the Die Hard movies, which are also Christmas classics
There's also the communist rule that Eastern Europe were forced under post-WWII, which were tyrannical and authoritarian, which is why these countries have especially strong feelings against communism
The new government shuffle does not change the fundamental problem of a government that has limited support of its key election promises.
Yes
[Example]
Flag
Trump calling Putin an equal is a boost to Putin in Russia, but everyone everywhere else knows Putin is not an equal (because of the vast superiority of the US) as you yourself pointed out.
I don't have kids, but I wouldn't be afraid to send them back to school if I had kids
- I like that everything is super close
I miss Pyrus
ahem you are partially right, and Denmark could not agree more.
for status as 'transitioning')
This was the best bits of my childhood ever
It was still one country because of the order it happened in.
Amsterdam was quite overcrowded the two times I've visited the city
We'll still buy your sniper rifles
That is obviously terrible
Having to shake hands or hug your close friend that you see nearly every day would feel weird to me
Its okay to silence people if i disagree with them!
Quite liked it since Denmark is rarely in foreign movies
>Other cultures similarly poor in resources or variety of foodstuffs available could do much with very little, even often in the way of ritual
Where did you go in Romania
I've really got very few positive things to say about Copenhagen
" kinda thing from staunch capitalist types etc
basically the closer you are to a town, the more likely you are to use "fjernvarme". almost all of copenhagen for example, use fjernvarme
Bees don't go out if it's too windy or cold or raining and their pollen distribution can be sloppy
The Libertarian Anarcho Capitalistic Socio-commune of Scotland
How hard did you need to laugh
It's hard to really hate it and there's nothing that really stands out enough about it to make it particularly beautiful either
Also what I like to call the "ceasar hair" also seems more common in the UK than I've seen anywhere else
How can you speak about you're mother that way
Statistically responsible for 1-2 deaths each year
Denmark has two beer brands called Maribo and Harboe, I can understand why he thought it was Danish
It's unfortunately not that simple.
But no
In Denmark our sirens are tested once a year
She does have a stereotypical mediterranean name
Either that or admit you secretly love Skåne and wish all of Sweden could be like it
I have not seen or heard anything about an official campaign to increase fertility rates.
Stakkel
It's not like we're launching gold bricks at black holes.
I don't know anybody who is more right-wing thatn Bernie here in Denmark
Meaning: "Danes are born with a beer in their hand"
We were mostly taught about the Holocaust, and how the war affected Denmark
Good on you France, you didn't cave to fear
Genius hahaha
Thanks
I see hes embracing communism
Those sad Swedish refugees unfortunately had a real problem with normal Danish traffic.
Pretty sure we actually sell most of our best bacon and other pig meat to countries that isn't denmark
Yes I'm worried as fuck too, but it looks like we will have at least one more merry Christmas!
Agree
Half came from Jewish families and the other half came from the resistance movement (i.e Danes).
Another interesting thing is that most of the right wing climate change stuff seems to be done by men, while most of the hippie-health-delusion crap seems to be done by women
At least you Dutch guys didn't want the Swedish to take both sides of Øresund either
You've forsaken Danish-kind
Finnish
Personally i'd like city's or towns that aren't country capitals like, München, Bergen, ~~Edinburgh,~~ Marseille, Salzburg, Gibraltar, Florence etc
Where does the whole debacle of socialism then enter
[link to sauce]
I thought people lived their lives fairly well there
That's just my choice of words bring imprecise
It still exists in Danish as medgift
i wanna have vacation down there, but their current president has made the country a weird place
Who the hell is barbaric enough to not pay the Sound toll
It costs us a shitload of money and doesn't really do anything
Ehh, it's just the Balkan, no way of making that look on a map.
Wait, what
Lmao poo bear in the corner
Like 50% of the cashiers are 16 year olds themselves
What do you call entitled children/helicopter parents in your language
I remember having to go to an atm to exchange, then having to pay for something in cafe in order to get small 0,50c exchange to go to the toilet
Europe: "LISSEN 'ERE YA LIL' SHIT
Sounds like a blast
That's really odd, because even on Danish keyboards you can make È without any trouble
Now that I'm an adult, when I go I always take my friends to Cafe Jens Otto after, since it's my favourite place in town (cheap, good food and amazingly hygge decor)
Næstved is certainly one I always stumble over whenever I hear it
Basically a hippie commune with loads of weed, concerts and farm animals dumped in the middle of Copenhagen
Prepare for war for the gazillionth time you IKEASSHOLES
Elitism is thriving
Forsvarsministeriet which means "The Ministry of Defence".
Indien - India
You're trying so hard to set up a false binary, which I talked about, where any opposition or critique of antifacism must mean that I support neo-nazis, as if that is only two paths available
Paying for one child is a better financial deal for the refugee families.
This is a security and crime issue
Får får får? = Do sheep give birth to sheep
Taking our time to get nowhere, and setting up camp whenever we wanted
Yelling in public, disturbing everybody on the bus and outiside for some arbitrary reason
Personally i support Israel joining the EU, it would be nice to have another country with nukes in the alliance.
You did just make it sound like anyone could get SU by saying "international students" where it is EU and EEA citizens that only can that
So fast to type
We do the same in Denmark but it’s 1600 instead
Where does he live according to your tradition
Gennem vores Skandinavisk samarbejdpolitik skal vi alle undervises i hinandens sprog, men ingen af os bliver det rigtigt - det er en af grundene til vi har meget sværere ved at forstå hinanden nu end f.eks
The only countries in Europe that are higher is Vatican City and San Marino
Edit:
When Britain first arrived in India, much of the continent was ruled by the Mughals, and before that, by various other empires, Indian or not
In both our families it's pretty much an unspoken agreement, that obviously we have sex, we just don't want to be actually seen during the act
It's the bomb
You must be fancy /s
My mom gets so offended when I refuse her homeopathic bullcrap
I think with brexit UK can be eastern europe, far, far eastern europe
That seems odd, I was taught all of those things and more, even before secondary school (gym)
Compare with older cities on the east coast, and if they haven't built McDonalds and Starbucks instead, they will look a like (that was a joke).
Oh, well
It is only thing I always find painful when travelling in Germany
You know
Makes sense, it must be difficult to have a sub with to completely different languages.
From now on, your global power will only diminish.
just after we are done getting ourselves stupidly drunk
I think It has something to do with Norway being a very Christian country, and the sundays are holy, so to say.
Anyone who thinks a socialist country exists, let alone in the Western world, has not even bothered to learn the most basic definition of socialism
How on earth would that be perfect?
Nah, he is talking about [antifascistische aktion] which was established in 1932 by the german communist party
I've met more Copenhageners than I care to admit who are proud of having never been to any part of Denmark outside sjælland because "there's no need to" and who really look down on the rest of the country like they are a bunch of backwards hillbillies
The rune stone from 950 is just very concrete and marks the beginning of the Danish state as we know it today similar to Vasa and Sweden
I think he's telling her how he'd deal with those protesting retards if the meeting had been held in Russia, and she's rolling her eyes at the damn laws preventing her from doing that in Germany
Yes :D
There's no "requirement" besides being in the north to being considered Nordic.
>kek
Imperialism just never died off, and we've been actively keeping poor countries poor by using the IMF to instate austerity measures on them while also making deals with corrupt governments that allow our companies far too cheap access to raw materials
I received a lot of compliments on mine when I was there.
As the article says (in Danish) This EU proposal means Danish operators will increase prices.
We have gentrification, lack of funding for schools, trade unions are weakening etc
Anyways, it has been a wild journey to make this
Now, they are just pure shit
finally someone agrees
> and in Scandinavia, the winter solstice is traditionally considered as midwinter, with the winter season beginning 1 November
**Czechoslovakia**
"Just saved my partner and shot the most wanted terrorist in Europe"
But the hard-left socialists are much more concentrated purely in the capital
Obviously that's not how the world functions or even *can* function
There major customers are other companies like farms or the  UEFA Champions League
The statement "everyone has basic human rights" is an ideological idea, not an objective fact
not anymore, but you do have to work at least a few hours a week to get it
AC/DC and Nick Cave
Lolland/Falster is not *that* different from rural parts of, say, Jutland
Yup, I mean you don’t think of it as a system
I don't even know the last names of most of my teachers
I respect when people at least give it an attempt.
But i would be open to living there for a couple of years
And it also means farting
Since when is Armenia in Europe ? It’s in Asia/Middle East
You need to report in monthly when you receive welfare
Edit: Convent and monestery are Kloster in Danish
Sucks enough to pay to cross the bridge
Hopefully for smaller Member states aswell
First thought I "english grammar is the same as danish", just subject+verb+object
Your opinion is not higher than one of theirs'.
Don't know why i even visit this sub
I think which things you reference, depends on what type you are
It's considered bad luck to have your flag out after sunset, because at that point, you're celebrating the devil
There have been some very rich predominately Islamic countries in the past and some resource based ones right now.
He's wading through the snow like a monster truck.
Renewables are still not viable for stability purposes.
People just don't understand that with higher wages & pensions, and lower income taxes come higher prices on everything.
I'm sure there's always been some that never enjoyed that but apparently in the recent decade or so more and more students skip gym class or just change clothes without showering
If you're sick, then you're sick
I drove through a lot of villages on the outskirts of St
Gotta lure in the tourists
Can you tell me more about Radikal Venstre and how they supported the other side?
We have English from the second year (this is a newer thing, I first had it as a subject in the fourth year) and German from the sixth, but we get German so late that most people (me included) never really catch on
How much kebab do you think a country could possibly eat
Sorry Germany, we don't make the rules
Thorvaldsen though, is soo cool
Depends on how you look at the map
Merkel forbid that EU collapses we always have the kalmar Union to fall back on
In mid February
He was a clever, strategic and ruthless politician
I'm pretty sure anything above 40° would literally kill me
That a airline commercial is actually anti-white Marxist propaganda meant to destroy white culture and spread cultural Marxism
Other countries use the symbol for the same thing
We could overcome all the issues so much better.
It's one thing to cling onto your culture, social norms etc
Not in the way I think you mean.
The one guy I talked to seemed to understand me, I just couldn’t understand him for some reason, maybe they have a weird dialect in Göteborg
which means a lot of the answers on /r/AskReddit etc
Is Parmesan an Italien region or do you just really like cheese
Kinda crazy to see when we haven’t had any snow last for over a day here in Denmark
That's almost the Danish winter
It means that they usually are interest groups trying to influence governments policies.
With a population of 5.614 million that measures out to about 1.3 meters of coastline per person.
The past contains all sorts of nasty developments, and while contemporary society is ripe with problems such as internal contradictions, crisis, alienation and exploitation, I can hardly think of a period in the history of my country where it has been _better_ than it is now
Seems weird
He is a mad man who just happens to be a member of the second largest party in Denmark.
The University is still finalising fee levels for 2019
We will be gone
But there are buildings from 1500, 1600 that are still being used for apartments, stores and other utilitarian purposes
I would rather say that they are influential as part of the institutions of the country
I don't know, according to EA we weren't in it.
Not all though, and I think it’s definitely made a huge transformation in recent years
I live in a concrete block surrounded by other concrete blocks
I think you should definitely go there
A great lot of the funding is probably our own, as the money we spending on oil is turned against us.
Asia]
The Danish National Bank has been warning against unemployment levels for a while here.
As with last week, you can watch the
What's interesting is that climate change seems to be more of a "I don't *want* it to be true so I just deny it
It turned out that people fleeing a brutal war *are not actually terrorists and murderers*.
first thing being that the danish flag is rarely used for patriotic reasons
As he shouts the “password” the guy is spooked and fall into a small stream
I want to see a map of how obedient each country is in following the speed limits
The v isn't lost really
The non-thrump will become better because of thrump (I think).
I would actually say our recent election was quite refreshing
but competition *does* cause prosperity.
"Poison" and "married" are both *gift*.
In Copenhagen we use "the bridge" too, even though they rarely open anymore
I see you're a man of culture
I haven't either, and it's not something I miss in my life
You probably can, but people dont
The famous musician Kim Larsen named an album his personal number as a joke
We were vikings
gotta focus on the smartphone
DTU (Lyngby) is way North of this and is not even in Copenhagen Municipality
The EU is a trade union where the member states already has functioning democratically elected governments, (at least most of them has, but those that does not is not primarily because of the EU).
I'm convinced he can't place countries other than the US and Russia on a map
So it very much depends on whether or not you live in Copenhagen (and surrounding areas) or another one of the big(ger) Danish cities
The grammar is simple, except for when it comes to determine wether to choose “en” or “et” as the indefinite article and “den” or “det” as the definite article
EU countries considered tax heavens by both the IMF, FSI and OECD.
It was a horrible trip home
But then also remember im just a guy on the internet and you should take my advice with a grain of salt
Make that Starköl, not the weak stuff
Your company's should
Not according to any geography book published in Denmark in forever
Welcome to the entire nation of Denmark
This belong in a Soviet Union dictate economy
The real, material, division of people is the division based on economical class
This is compared to the 11 g/kWh for onshore wind, 12g/kWh for offshore wind and 27 g/kWh for solar
It's basically just a wide "river" in Copenhagen today, but now people working in the city are turned away, when they try to go back to their homes in Malmø, because the border control doesn't accept their residential documentation
That health score for Denmark sure shot us quite a long way down that ranking.
I fully agree that the words must be used only when applicable, and if someone calls you out for using them too lightly, indeed you should think about whether they might be right
but I wouldn't say it's anywhere near the level of idolization that JP II seems to have in Poland
Edit:
The people I know that eat at restaurants the most use them maybe, maaaybe twice or thrice a month
Is it really
I have not been to Bornholm, Faroe Islands and Greenland
Killing
Denmark has 2 national anthems, although if you asked any random person on the street what our anthem is called, they'd say the same as that guy, and would know the first and last stanza usually, maybe the second as well.
Like, what if you’re lonely
Walking 2 km in business clothes and shoes is not fun
Practically everything I carried were apparently showing traces of explosives, and I had an actually rather pleasant chat, and a cup of tea, with the security staff while they looked through my luggage and verified my story with (I guess) the Danish Ministry of Defense
I get up at 6, take a shower, and then have breakfast around 6:15ish
So true, same in Denmark
and often over Norway
No, back to Jelling
I really liked it, but I only spent a few days there.
>Im pretty sure it's illegal to drink while riding a bike anyway
At more "adult" parties, like weddings or big birthdays it is more common that the host provide wine and beer and at more informal gatherings it's common that each person bring something like a bottle of wine
That is the least clear of messages
I guees Germany will have a hard time relating to this
We miss a national plan though
So what if some forrest in Poland isn't on it, jeez
And we will be the Spaceballs to your Star Wars
Flag
As crazy as it sounds, in times like these, this could easily have been posted in /r/UpliftingNews
I send a mail to 10 or so, 1 answered basically saying something about American being the biggest intellectual property thieves
And as far as know, there has been nothing about anyone wanting out as of recently, but maybe I just haven't heard of it
I think Finland Swedish is one of the easiest Swedish accents
I flew over Greenland once and it is amazing
thanks
DANMARK TIL EJDER
Hey
Hahaha duly noted
I will literally use the English wikipedia for Danish things sometimes because the Danish one really sucks
Denmark was 100% made of off germanic tribes, so no actual ruins, but there has been found some ancient roman potter (especially interesting to find some terra sigillata, as it was very precious)
It’s funny because as a Dane, I can understand 75% of written Dutch, but once they start talking
Mutti, don't leave us
Further from Coast
Then stay out of the conversation if you can't handle it
We were told that we were the last ones that were 100% girl no matter the age, that's all I know, but like I said, I was a child and this is way over 10 years ago, so my memory might be faulty - but my mum even stayed on the DDS board for longer than I was a spejder (two years extra I think, she still complains about it) because it was closing down due to lack of attendence and several parents worked hard to keep it open, so to keep the final pure DDS girl scouts open
States with weak economies suffer from being in a union together with states with strong economies
That's no life for any mammal
Well you guys wanted the Soviet Union and the rest of Europe
I thought for the longest time that this was just the most generic, standard partner dance people learned across countries, but I just found out it’s only a thing in Denmark
If you prefer we call you "Nederlandene" which kinda means the sucky/shitty lands instead of holland, be my guest.
I went to France and I get a normal hotdog.
5 years waiting time is
It would be nice if Frederik III could've gotten his head out of his ass and realise that we couldn't take the Swedish Empire at its prime, and that going to war without the support of the lords is exactly what his father did during the thirty years war and that went horribly as well
Other recommendations in the Southwestern part include Salò and taking a trip up to Lago d'Idro, going up from Gargnano and past Lago di Valvestino
Likely Rasmus Paludan - let him get a taste of his own medicine
However, this is cumbersome for rights holders and does not guarantee them a fair revenue
porre in danish means means a leak (as in the plant) and my family had a game with wierd word plays when I was a kid
Parkour by Jimillian
Modern Danish is mostly what happens when Germanic people loose vocal skills and fine motor control.
Astralis wins 500000$ playing counter- strike
Yeah, not happening here, unless you’re a millionaire
Having witnessed a child birth I get that it can be too much of personal experience involving too much of your private parts to share with anyone, but it's clearly also a major event in life and an unusual ordeal to endure
>After the USA did a few moon landings, they declared themselves the winners of the space race
I'm sure it's equivalent (and probably inherited from) Latin -ia, as in Russia, Dania, Italia, etc
Now I imagine some middle-aged dude flickering his porch lights yelling "GET OUT OF MAH YARD
Oh they've definitely listened to one German speaker talking
Yes
"Boyfriend" and "girlfriend" are both *kæreste* (dearest)
I love the map
Wow, that is low, even for Wilders.
[Red pandas] are so much cooler, and cuter, than those stupid black and white pandas
You know people, that cliff exists because the water eats the rock at the bottom
A 100 ton highly radioactive tungsten rod dropped from high orbit, reaching terminal velocity at an 90degree angle?
I recall "dreng" being one of those names a few years back
Many see it as "cheating" lol
This is basically what the opinion towards the risks in Western and Eastern European countries
1969
They weren't "gifts", they were gifts plain and simple
I'm still waiting for the war that was promised by the remain.
There's not really an English name for it, but if you were to put that into translate it would probably come out something like "home arts". But it's basically where you learn how to cook, clean, and take care of a kitchen
It’s also why they are so tall.
Honestly a great sport
That's how I feel as well
I choose to see it as the fact that he believes that Trumps own name is as bad as Goldman Sachs which suggests he thinks even less of Trump than Hillary Clinton.
There exist no drinking age in neither Denmark or Norway .
You really should watch both, esp schindlers list, it is a GREAT movie
Low German is an entirely different language than all dialects of High German, which didn't influence Standard German and which is more closely related to English and Frisian
It's just such a ridiculous project, but would be so awesom if it was ever build
Fuck People Who threats Thunberg or her family
Takk tak
How commen would you say that national socialist or fascist sympathies are in Poland?
This was the age of what in Danish is called ["Bedre byggeskik"] byggeskik), which translates to "better building practices".
The sun still sets at 16h though
Yeah, Dane here - we don't hate Norway and we just pity the beautiful country of Sweden for being so full of swedes
in Denmark they are treated in such a way that they need to be stored in a fridge
So yeah, to me, the financial struggle that comes with living in Copenhagen, really isn't worth it, when you can get more for less and even get the same benefits that Copenhagen brings, in other cities
Other than being occupied by the nazis for a few years, I think Denmark has had its sovereignty since the kingdom was founded well over a thousand years ago
I don’t have the diaries as they are with my grandmother, so no I cannot give you an exact date and you can make of that what you will but i remember having built a huge snowman i November with my cousin that still stood in April even though at that point it was just a pile of snow
It's working
They could, but then they would also be supplying those funds.
I lived in a dorm from the 50s where you could open windows both horizontally and vertically
I am in the minority here, but I absolutely love the Dutch language
Hence why the label is misleading and shouldn't be applied
You don't feel pride of country?
well
Its usually things like a slight difference in underlying skin tones, eyes or height, combined with fashion/style
Or hell, even just here in Europe
Kinda weird to diagnose all Germans like that.
PS: Hold up
we dont talk just to talk so often you guys do, as an example
Stream will be moved to YouTube at as I've had requests to move it there, and I have no strong feeling on the matter.
I check in on the rest of the Nordics from time to time, but don’t really go that much into depth there - Sweden, Norway, Finland, Iceland, Schleswig-Holstein
What is the current tax rate that you are paying?
“A town in Russia” refers to something unknown or strange
Well it's natural that fascist prefer someone like Orban to socialist.
So maybe slightly more "optimistic" than the 2012 numbers
Isn't that the reason you have the 2nd amendment?
.... very similar     arguments are also used to try and justify very harmful cultural     procedures, such as female genital mutilation or ritual scarification
And that's why Guinness wanted to do the whole nitro thing
Unless you've rented or owned for a while (at least 10-20 years, which her grandfather likely has), is part of a boligforening (most of which have waiting lists of over 30 years), then all housing in Copenhagen or the greater Copenhagen is super expensive
But Iceland of course has the old style language and little horses
Not really
Thanks for the answer, that's atleast kinda uplifting.
The old Denmark-Norway union basically.
Everybody should go there
Happens all the time
Couldn't conquer Europe through war...
And here we also have a bit of a dialect
The freedom of the majority to have tyranny over the minority is the REAL freedom here, right.
I seem to remember hearing that you must have a safe for weapon storage, which the police can inspect at will to ensure that it's stored correctly
And in december the darkness is countered by warm lights and social coziness (hygge)
Op,have you seen people in Denmark
Not to mention that the decision made are directed by the EC and EUCO where each memberstate has a single representative
I prefer not to call them Norwegian, danish or Swedish vikings
I guess it's mostly just a small town vs city thing
Odd anecdote: When Queen Elizabeth II visited Copenhagen in 1960 all the elevators in the places she'd visit had their illuminated "I fart" ("In motion") signs taped over to avoid confusion and/or offence.
And UK has better geography for it.
It's OK
but you can get all sorts of "super advanced" windows
I really don't understand why they would vote yes, someone please fucking explain it
* " Fra børn og fulde folk skal man høre sandheden" (from kids and drunk folks, will always tell you the truth) - It means adults never tell you the whole truth
I presume the one in eastern Germany
And definitely also what it means for our infrastructure
Sleep - I get my sleep
He had incredibly large cojones I think we can both agree to that.
They have a right to choose whether to undergo religious rituals when they are old enough to decide for themselves
One has confided it’s going to be a tough battle to stay open
Perhaps, but I don't think you believe this should mean we should all compromise on our views at all times, do you
You forgot the Kingdom of Iceland 1918-1944
EU members has to have a democracy
This will be an iconic picture
And then the service fee on top of that
This is such an outrageous claim that it is frankly absurd
Most of Danish kids learn German in school (some learn French or Spanish instead), and last time we were in Berlin on vacation my daughter stated that "Germany is a lot nicer when you realize that you don't *actually* have to speak German
They were mostly Trump copies
from an environmental point of view, it's just greenwashing.
You are both now banned from /r/danmag!
I'm not at all sure if you have it in other countries, but "hjemkunstskab" or cooking in English
From what I know we do mostly the same things, as I am friends with with a couple of green scouts they aren't much of a "Christian society" anymore
Morten Helveg PETERSEN
Well the Scandinavian model could work everywhere else, you just have to get people unionising
I think Scottish is really fun to listen to, especially when they're screaming slurs
takes 13-15 minutes
In comparison the vast majority of Danish gun homicides are "family related" or "jealousy" or "conflict between friends/aquaintainces".
The problem with austerity (at a macro-economic level) is that it slows down and cripples the economy.
In Denmark we have the insane partying associated with it
wholesome
The legislative power shall be vested in the King and the Folketing conjointly
Skånian is literally swedified Danish, and has a ton of Danish words which typical Swedish doesn't. Skånsk also has the danish r-sound, unlike standard Swedish
Oh I absolutely think you (Greece) got a raw deal, and we should help you more.
You win this time you sunuvabitch
>Copenhagen
I realize we need to read the articles and not comment on the titles but I'd like to know if the article is worth reading and an interesting title is good for making people interested, this title doesn't really inspire much confidence in the content as it seems as if it has to bait me into reading it.
like the opera house in sidney, or the "La Grande Arche de La Defense" in france
If you only had a Bachelor's, you would definitely have to make up for it with experience and being fluent in English would impress no one
In every sense, has life improved compared to the 60s.
Largest producer of high quality boar semen
London is the most over rated city in Europe IMO.
Strange
Their "longboats" still need some work
Will we be forced to buy a Volkswagen or a Lada this time.
if you look at the cases that BLM pushes, when they mention some unarmed black man being shot, they never mention the fact that they charged the police officer.
Then I'll use the leftover 30 euro on my life enjoying friends, hoping they use the money more wisely to turn it into 40 euro somehow, so they maybe will buy your expensive things instead of any cheaper alternative
That is some counterargument right there...
Not entirely alligned with their business ethics but their marketing has a good sense of humour.
The fact that you simply don't like that I use negative language about doing such a thing says a lot about you.
Hjælp Jeg Er En Fisk is also a really good one
The government is unapologetically treating the plates as a cash cow, raising and lowering the prices every few years to maximise profit
Just because some people aren't, and that those often congregate in the same type of jobs and professions, doesn't mean that it isn't overall the most common thing
For the Danish impaired
Sweden is pleasantly far away too
Hovedværk (Danish) = (author's) main work
And: DK and, EN duck (DK og)
Han lyder også til at passe som en
It was amazing
Lars being a common name
You Dutchies live in a wrong universe, we, DENMARK live in the rightest universe
Those are the ones I remember off the top of my head
At least if you're some sort of 'lefty' like me:
Danish churches are state-run so the laws for those dictate what the churches can do
The oil and gas extraction have peeked and it looks as though we would soon begin to import more fossil fuel again.
Universities are free in Denmark which also applies to EU citizens
I doubt most people even know poppys are used for opiates
I feel left out :(
I just edited a comment 3 or 4 times because I wasn't sure I used the correct one
An ice age could manifest over the span of 6 months if the Gulf stream stops, according to some studies.
The red button does not represent anything, and the tower in Lisbon is the "elevador santa something" I remember seeing on my vacation in Portugal a few years back
This is great :D Germans not getting jokes is some of the best material /r/europe has to offer
Like you hated Stalin, Churchill, and Truman /jk
Cool
English = Thanks
Having some one a little nutty on one side is just a counter to the nutty on the other side.
Fucking Sweden
* German: 40 % (I understand the gist of it, but not much more than that - I took German classes in primary school, but admittedly I forgot most of it, so almost all of my German skills derive from vacations in Germany where I've read restaurant menus, museum signage etc
Fifteen looks really good
I also paid rent when before I moved out
Nazis were German supremacists not some international group
Brăila*
"Godt for dig
He was pretty close to the melting point in F, or the boiling point in C.
Quite a bit, although never really used - theoretically she could declare war if she wanted
Always English
Something about pedophiles needing outlets and "well, sometimes they're not REALLY hurting them
that's so fcking true, had a russian mate warning me about that sht.
The viking era is pretty blurry because Vikings fucking sucked at writing anything down
If you say it all the time, it loses its meaning completely.
People from there tend to, in my experience, act like they're better than everyone else
Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, English, German, French, Italian, Spanish
I also sat right in the inner circle, at seat number 5
“It was just one joke what’s the big deal” yeah, but if you hear them over and over again
Living and working a few weeks in Lindau im Bodensee, the old part of town on the island in the lake
In the end we wound up with an awesome breakfast with eggs, bread, butter, milk, and something that looked and tasted kinda like knödlen
The EU does the exact opposite and you're not allowed to make special tax deals
All accents are equally modern
I hardly even feel Danish
"Capital of Sweden"
No, it's a globally important case study in ecological restoration
I've been only been able to find him either to be described wearing clothes made of fish:
our "red bloc" is rather large [List\_of\_political\_parties\_in\_Denmark]
I personally think the EU is a highly undemocratic and politically unwieldy institution, though
If I have a hard time understanding someone I will politely ask them to do it in English if possible.
Do we understand it in an Utopian way, as a lesser defined "free and equal society"? Or how do we understand it
Women's trousers (regular ones, not even sweatpants) are notorious for shitty pockets
Relentlessly so
As long as there is data for Sweden and Germany the Danes will shuffle along on the same track or on the nearby trail higher up while thinking life is good but could Always be better (if you were a complaining Dane that wasted time on such a strange thinking)
I knew, though, that islands like Britain or the islands of Denmarks aren't islands, since it just continent that happens to be not flooded, as opposed to the Baltic and North sea .. But I thought that actual islands, like Hawaii and Fiji, had water underneath them
It was the same with Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Our NATO membership is pretty much taken for granted.
Pretzlen
Haven't had a "robocall" before (From Denmark), but I do get loads of calls from various call-centers
This is most often in middle school.
The whole economic foundation is capitalistic
I'll bet you can still find them as provinces.
Oh no, they don't want to be Baltic but they're considered that
I didn't get any shocks either when I went to Tunisia for example but I was there for a week or two living in a hotel.
Sorry, I don't think I understand your question!
That’s about it I think
Reminds me of my vacations in Dublin
That suggest that she has a very real chance of winning.
with the constant sibling-bickering and -teasing still going strong
For some reason people seem to think that out of 5
* Numbat = pungmyresluger ("pouch anteater")
I can't speak for Swedish history, but Sigurd Snake in the eye is not considered the first King of Denmark
>	No I explicitly said people pay for roads
Most definitely
So it's clearly Sweden who are the weirdos in this scenario
They're also much cheaper than a car or a motorcycle.
> colourized
No question
I guess colonization is a dark time for many countries, in Denmark is was no different, but often you talk about the islands is the Caribbean or Africa, but the treatment of Greenlandic people has been absolutely horrible in Denmark
Yea, but we also forgot to criminalize child porn
Taste is subjective if course
Waifu pillows
Fuck, even spanking is illegal
Also drugs
I think the first sick mink were discovered many months ago
No, but you do have people donating their money to, tbh, ridiculous shit like tv evangelicans or an obviously corrupt, luckily, ex president
But the measured ones are going to be just as weird and wrong.
I doubt that holds 100%, but there is some truth in it
I am pretty sure "Blechtrommel" is about Danzig?
This is what would happen if the architects if the rebuild are all american lol
This is when one of the largest breweries in Denmark releases their Christmas/Easter special beer and nearly everyone goes to bars and clubs
I wrote Asylum where it should have said VISA.
The Danish word for the area is Slesvig?
It's okay if they aren't flawless and need to switch to english or something for a little while, but they should be able to get by day to day
Danish is a northen Germanic language, so
rather, it is the state response to class struggle
Patty's Day, guys
The difference between Texas and Oregon is probably the same as the difference between Denmark and Sweden.
I shall tell my grandchildren of my brave service in the Shit Wars
It could, probably
Keeping healthy and wealthy should be the focus for that around 1 billion people (or 1/8 of world population - same as china or india)
It's unlocked
If you got abs like that you have to flaunt them, and where better to do it?
We need to build a wall towards Germany, and Germany's gonna pay for it
It is harder to get in to than for instance Århus, Ålborg or Odense,but that is mostly because more people want to study in Copenhagen
Never heard of it as a meme - only ever ran into it, due to first reading about it in a museum in Stockholm, and then later when I was taking my masters in History we were taught about how they are told this in Sweden (and then of course the before mentioned incident)
I'll go fetch the lederhosen and Rammstein records
Yo, there can't possibly be a railway going all across the Baltic that's insane
But it was used on Germans in WWII and the wording is so similar that one from Germany would easily guess it just from hearing it.
I guess it's just because you recognise english loan words immediately as loanwords when you hear them in Danish
* Turkey: Their culture, food and the beauty of their country
It's pretty similar for me: I can be articulate and elegant when communicating
Americans aren't especially kind or rude, you guys just happen to be explicit with your emotions in public than many European countries deem appropriate
I knew a guy who's one sentance in Danish was
Much of it was actually filmed in Czechia :)
Not that I don't think BLM is a legitimate cause, but it just feels completely out of place to see people shouting out slogans and yelling I CAN*T BREATHE in English at a Danish protest
For a geographically concentrated minority, demand of self determination seems like a very reasonable response to oppression of both language and culture.
You dont like being separated
The same is (should be) done in all other foreign languages in the Danish school system
As far as I understand, Frisian is like a mix of old English, Danish and some Dutch.
It definitely wouldn't go down well in Denmark
"Sad and grey"
We all know that Sweden is a huge dick
I was once friends with a German woman, some years older than me, that told in tears about how scared she'd be, as a girl, that the police would snatch her dad up whenever he wasn't home on time
Other
I still always take friends from out-of-town whenever they visit the city
Of course you always risk running into an asshole, but that goes for all countries, nationalities, ethnicities etc.
Czechxit could work too
So the Chinese citizens are paying for us to buy it cheaply.
I noticed it was a lot stronger after the third debate, but that it has dropped since.
15° - 20° = t-shirt
I met an American exchange student recently, and he was explaining how you pronounce danish words, and as a native Dane (he didn’t realize at first) I corrected him, but he told me I was wrong until I explained that I am in fact danish
I think you fundamentally misunderstand the concept
That's why I'm asking
It's not really uncivilised as it is just old-fashioned
Beautiful centuries old buildings stood shoulder to shoulder with huge grey Soviet cement slabs buildings.
Other data sets would have given a different result.
Nobody dislikes Denmark, but both Norwegians and Swedes think the danish language is gibberish
There’s not really any true undisturbed wilderness in Denmark
It is just an ad for a Danish travel agency.
Love the "slice of life" tag
The thing is, capitals are often quite large cities
You don't seem to understand how this ranking work.
Hopefully Biden doesn’t warrent the same critisism
Despite the name literally being The LITTLE Mermaid, people still seem to be disappointed by it's small size
You know, I think you might be surprised at how many people *don't care*.
He did use half trice in your video
Other than that, things that are important to me includes:
That's a lot to Greeks
I've never once felt that I would be punished by law enforcement for the things that I may say in writing or a public forum
Most people don’t go out to eat more than once a month
I'd be happy if Germany left or at least stop showing refugees down our throats.
Now imagine catholic Lord of the Rings:
We call it saftevand
Stayed at the Gibson Hotel at The Point, and every day we would jump on the luas and spend the day in the city
> Copenhagen's landmarks
I am from Denmark
Incredibly helpful, friendly, and kind
Of course there is still waiting time and sometimes many people but not that many who shouldn't be there
[This shit had me punch a wall]
Wuhu good job people, let’s keep the ball rolling
Could be considered illegal, but as long as you can show you have a good reason for carrying it, no worries.
The people I know that eat at restaurants the most use them maybe, maaaybe twice or thrice a month
Policies regarding the internet should not be made by people who don't know much about it
They do sometimes fight among eachother, but no real increase in crime.
One of the first things I cover with my expat student is that, yes, even being 5 or 15 minutes late is rude in Denmark
You are suppose to call people by their first name here.
I don't remember when i learned to ride but my four year-old nephew just did
(But for real it’s not that bad
That would be a win-win
Denmark is hygge and good things in a small package, not frost bites or dangerous animals, lol
We Danes have the tradition of borrowing indiscriminately from other languages
You can, probably, if you really dig, find a few examples
He tried to govern in the beginning and was described as intelligent but immature and full of temperament
A Danish viking, [Rorik] did rule over parts of Friesland in the 9th century
It's just a bit boring
Otherwise it's really well done
Fucking disgusting of Facebook
I think it refers to India, which as many of you know, is a fair jog from Denmark
Øøh, politimand is the default word for a cop here in Denmark, so I'd consider the direct translation, policeman, to be apt given the context
Probably, but due to lenition it would've been called "Jorvig" today
I live just outside Copenhagen
Do you pay for the your GP doctor in Sweden
Me: “Well in a year or so you will be reunited with northern sleswig”
All I know is that I call them "syltede agurker" (meaning pickled cucumbers), but maybe we have an actual word for them, maybe we don't, we'll never know
Apparently, we must screw down our expectations!
Mange tak(k)
I've often been surprised to hear all the American stereotypes about this ethnic group or that, because they're just often so specific (Asian people are bad drivers, for example?) and just completely foreign to me.
I'm from Odense and your friend is wrong
Zealand, where "kaffe" is one syllable, but "te" is two
[Desktop and Laptop]
Nowadays it's mostly a symbolic walk-out or symbolic strike-day, but still
Pølsebrød er opskåret så de kan bruges til at lægge en pølse i, hvilket gælder for en hotdog
I've really got very few positive things to say about Copenhagen
30 day tickets are a little cheaper, but only if you have to commute almost every weekday for those 30 days
Seconded
You're right, gotta freshen up my history knowledge
That is absolutely some bs that people tell themselves in order to simplify that problem - and therefore the solution
Not much within our borders but on a sidenote Finland does exist
Ohhhh shit
The World's second amusement parc is Tivoli in Copenhagen
That's not the world we live in, and haven't been for generations
a few years ago I paid $70 for 5gb
The amount of potential in that squad is something I want to see realised and I will continue to root for it to happen.
Come on, it doesn't make sense to have the capital in a motorway rest stop
Nights too when people were going out.
Yeah, I can see why he might not be liked in France
Wasn’t in Europe but Vietnam
Covered in medals, having a raccons/fox tail in their hats and accompanied by a faithful dog
How come it annoys Finns being called Scandinavian
I love this
"Der var engang" I think it was called :)
It was introduced in 1962 and has undergone several changes since then to reduce the cost (from 71% of the EU budget in 1984 to 39% in 2013) and to also consider rural development in its aims.
To be fair you built it as closely to our capital as possible...
The reason: it's something that most people in the world believe in, so it's important for our "dannelse". (not sure what the english translation would be, "shaping us into productive members of society" i guess)
you kinda have that already with Canada and UK having the same monarch
Norwegians are stereotypically the most religious Scandinavians.
I mean that's probably quite close, assuming the language you're coming from is German
- School system is
My 16 year old is fluent in English
"Du hörte *väl* om statsministern
That's how jokes get ruined
KOM SÅ DANMARK, KOM SÅ
Where does he live according to your tradition
If this happened to me I would simply jump and let the wind decide my destination
Just some ten years ago before I started my uni degree I looked into going to the UK and then I believe it was £3000 per year
Once in the train I heard a woman speak a language I didn’t recognise in any way
Right
Hopefully one day we immediately deport people like this
Where did you witness all this widespread child poverty?
Anywhere outside of Copenhagen, mostly
The secret to Danish is beer
m² fieldfilled with soap foam, nw that was fun
Some people in Denmark thinks you crush your kammerjunker when eating koldskål or you don't put them in first, but that's because they are mistaken them for tvebakker
I don't really think any of the EU countries have text on their signs.
This world needs more cyclists
Mens du læser det her, kontakter jeg mit hemmelige netværk af kom-bar'-do'-kommandoer over hele landet og din internetprotokol-adresse bliver sporet: Du må hellere forberede dig på stormen, stormen som vælter dit hust laver en ny parkeringsplads ovenpå den trælse tristesse, du måske en gang kaldte dit liv
The world is probably a better place without him
The Copenhagen dialect was easy to understand but the ugliest one as well according to the results for example
What’s the most random tradition or aspect of your country
Greenland isn't Finland, and Denmark isn't Sweden
23c to 27c : "T-shirt and shorts, yay
She wasn't very popular as PM and has completely vasnished from the public debate now.
But I need my Pepsi Max
So yes, very casual
Salt
Where are those numbers from
US greatest export is TV shows and movies, I think we'll be just fine without those.
Thats a danish group too
Found the rules for it
It's rather quite common make fun of the Swedes for hen
What a glorious day for Australians...After years in Eurovision, they have now received their official invitation into Europe!
I’d say that 3 out of 4 people I met in the beginning kept asking me about work morals, being humorless, beer, sausages, and whatever other stereotypes they may hold
I'm disappointed he didn't speed up and slam the brakes
(Plus for many)
Wasn't the military service under control of the US?
He seemed amazed too we were there
The King of Norway is head of state.
It's dangerous to suppress opinions.
"Do the DPP youth wing think making immigrants go to church is a reasonable idea?"
They just look at how the language is being used and alter the definitions and spellings to reflect that
No need to be sorry
That part isn't true, of course, but the rest is pretty spot on
.......how
Yeah, and you guys have a lot of French loanwords
Passé simple isn't very common though
Actually those that organize bike theft in Denmark are mostly foreigners
Someone give that guy a pc with city skylines and mods installed
Do you guys also have Mosekonen in Sweden
That's a 2,1 percentage-point increase compared to last year
I don't see how it makes a difference.
It was when I was still in Greenland.
It is still used by farmers
Love that city
It’s just your class
We had a kind of folk rock but that scene is still very popular today
Not that the US has ever cared much for obeying international law unless it directly benefits them
Yes, as the photos show below, people's arms are out, but some are reaching, some were carved in that pose to show dignity, prowness, and even courage
Its kind of like one of your  friends having a major birthday and everyone is happy for them and sends a congratulatory card
Väskor (Swedish) = Bags
That's not obligatory in Denmark, but possible to select when part of the STX (Follow up on primary school) gymnasium here
Especially since that is more snow than we have recieved all winter where I live..
I'm not sure we can thank him for all of it, but I'm thoroughly convinced the election of Trump was directly responsible for FPÖ's defeat in December, and I wouldn't be surprised if it still had an effect on this years elections.
You're not Irish or Polish or Swedish just because two hundred years ago an ancestor came from there.
What I find even funnier is people from Jylland thinking the entirety of Sjælland is Copenhagen
Super proud of her - she's done such an amazing job in the commission
I couldn't see what exactly it was so I decided to surface to try and avoid it but since I still had some forward momentum I ended up going face first into a big ass jellyfish and I got stung pretty fucking badly
You say stuff like "East of Brooklyn and Queens" but I have no idea where they are.
I’ve heard a danish woman in her 50s saying we should switch to English
I guess he could call for another state of emergency and use that as the excuse
Well you could most likely add alot of other countries.
I assume that's true for the rest of the Nordic countries too
I will die
I used to have a “station bike” for my commute (basically a bike that lives on the train station, so i could bike from the station to uni)
From almost 25 million cubic meters in 2005 to below 10 today
Also works with random people
I agree with you, everyone was very friendly and welcoming, both to me, my eastern european colleagues and my asian girlfriend.
We have not yet received any news about a second lockdown occurring
But shit like this is starting to wear my patience thin
I improved by playing video games, such as CSGO and Fifa
According to this Danish site 1/3 of pregnant females does not or stops drinking completely and it is less than 1% of the pregnant women who consumes more than 6 drinks a week (1 drink = 12 grams of alcohol).
Good thing this picture was taken during the weekends, or it would have been against the rules
So far at two different hospitals (after no test either place), I've been told to just get a pacemaker for my heart problem, while the doctors in Denmark aren't sure yet, since the tests they've taken shows me in the border area for a pacemaker, and they feel I'm too young to get one (it would mean a bunch of extra surgeries, If I were to get one now).
Interesting to know
Pretty fucking amazing
The hobbit’s journey from Rivendell to the other side of the Misty Mountains, including the glissade down the slithering stones into the pine woods, is based on my adventures in 1911 [...] Our wanderings mainly on foot in a party of 12 are not now clear in sequence, but leave many vivid pictures as clear as yesterday
I follow developments in Belarus pretty closely and each Sunday 1-200
I don't know any Danes who hate Norway
And these tend to stay in the law books in Denmark
The thesis has to include a summary in both Danish and English
Then as we drove into the city itself, everything looked like any other wealthy European city
Other reasons also increase its defense payments.
In other cultures - similar cultures even - it is eaten without raising an eyebrow
Every computer system ends up not working, and going over budget
The US: $38,974,320 million (14,6%)
Yep
And the idea that humanities are somehow all "easy" subjects, which many on there seem to think, is honestly ridiculous and snobbish - and the same with RUC somehow being easy or a worse university than others
it's not as if only men are allowed to get karma.
Gorm, Harald, Svend, Knud, Hardeknud, Magnus, Oluf, Erik, Niels, Valdemar, Abel, Christoffer, Margrethe, Hans, Christian, Frederik
It happens every time banning circumcision is discussed in Denmark.
I work closely with Germans and even lived there for a while and they are always a delight
And tell me if im wrong but if you're a student you must have student debt but as soon as thats paid back you will probably be earning more than we do.
Well, there are some disagreement about that
The guys who did it were 16 and 17 and the victim was under 15, but still a teenager.
That's just Boris
Thanks for downvoting me, and no it isn't about people being dicks but about people that has other polical opinions than you.
Of course there'll be time for beers and gals/lads/entities of your preference
The kids were forbidden from speaking Inuit and were attempted stripped of their Greenlandic identity as much as possible
Its an old friend we have gotten so used to we forget to address the issue of its existence
So that'd be my reason, for sure.
Lappland would look very different, and be home to many more species than it is today, had it been genuinely unspoilt
With Finland, it is now legal in all of
Actually it isn't significant at all.
Exactly
u/Frikoz is pretty spot on with his response.
Not even saying this to hate on you, but the Swedish 'sju'-syllable is the ugliest sound in existence
The lanterns usually only last a few days before they melt
They were active for about a year until one agent got caught and tortured by the germans and he revealed the entire group who was subsequently arrested, tried and executed
Yes, always
I envy you guys T_T
Which made it all the more ironic when muslims kept burning Danish flags during the Muhammad Crisis in 2005-6.
what's whole milk
But in a way I don’t regret it
What do you mean no one ever knows anything about albania
It can change a lot from year to year that way
, I could easily see it arise as an part of the reproduction of modern liberal-capitalist Europe
Almost nothing happened in Denmark
Don't get me wrong i really dislike Güllen and PKK.
As someone who's grown up with parents from both Jylland and Sjælland I don't really have a dialect, in Jylland they think I'm from Sjælland and opposite applies to when I'm in Sjælland
But it's normal to only have 21 day campaigns.
If you exist on planet Earth in the year 2016, then multiculturalism is a fact.
That or Faroese
That can't be the entire story
Language is a big part of it I think but also stuff like having seen so much of your media
Long Live United Deutschland ! Greetings from Denmark
Always tap water
Is this a trend in Norway or something?
* Ireland: Irish people are some of the nicest people on earth, and their accent is really charming
So, you gamble your money to *perhaps* get what you want
Absolutely disgusting
He also later goes to Lithuania and Estonia, and documents their traditional brewing cultures
Stayed out of Denmark
Isn't this military (as opposed to police)
The polo logo is like synonymous with dads or posh young people
We will build the bridge to mexico, but don't expect any bridgebuilding from us.
No seriously, how did a blond mop become your PM
EU meddling with things they in no way concerns them makes it seem like an attempt to simply take over legislative power in all member countries, and I'm in no way interested in that.
Largest producer of high quality boar semen
Yeah people in Denmark are pretty good at English
Like I love some of Tessa violets songs and some are available and others aren’t
I got no idea what is going on
Despite being in 2020, however, there is still systemic racism towards black people and other minorities and, in case you weren't aware, there are also black people in France
Flying into the us I overheard one guy mumble to another "America is truly the land of fat asses
Outside of Germany, most of these cultures primarily use ale yeasts, which are quick fermenters, except for the spontaneously fermented lambics and Flemish red ales in Belgium
The French people or their number system
Yeah, I think that matches here as well.
We would literally have to wipe the blood off tables, we were so brutal
Nope
Watch out for Jack the ripper
jylland (largest part of denmark) and sjælland (island where Copenhagen is) have an ongoing feud, where they both hate (in a loving sort of way) each other, and would hate to be from the other area
We hate Sweden, the violent and arrogant country
Why is everyone so opsessed with Nyhavn, when this is 10 times that
Hell, there's even better statues [just around the corner ]
Theresa May seems decent, i do however agree that Corbyn is nuts.
Skåne stayed Swedish
When I lived Copenhagen
But yeah, words from French and Low German are far more common
People speak of *Rigsfællesskabet*, "The unity of the Realm", and act as if there exists a Realm of Denmark which includes Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Denmark proper
Maybe we should concern ourselves with people, who kill seekers of truth, instead of discouraging these seekers of surviving assassination attempts and continuing to seek the truth
Netherlands second and Sweden third
Exclave
>:(  (we dont even own them, not really atleast)
The Netherlands Society of Youth Healthcare Physicians,
- The average income for people aged 15-64 in the area (not including people signed up for education) is less than 55% of the average income for the same group in that region
I haven't been following the subject that much, so I might be mistaken and the press announcement is of course going to make it sound more positive than it is
It was built May this year (2016).
Around 13 when you go through [confirmation] it's common to drink weaker alcohol like beer or ciders during the party to celebrate your ascension to adulthood, and at this point you are more likely to be allowed to have a beer or cider during events such as family gatherings
The few parents who didn’t allowed it were viewed as irrational helicopter parents
With racism, I'd much rather have it shown how it was at the times
That dude at 12:34's chin is pretty messed up.
And I got a fondness of the Romans
I'm a software developer, and I owe something like $2000 on a student loan, and $45k on my apartment (It cost about twice that when I bought it, and I've paid off the rest in the
I never use Facebook
The beer and atmosphere were top notch as well.
I'm a 162cm woman who was on my own in an empty station, so I don't think I scared him tbh
From 16 to 17 it went up by 0,40%, for example
We're number one, we're number one, we're number one
,Egon
I have absolutely no idea what it was though, and I don’t think I’ve heard it since
Yeah because of a lack of funding also that's not even true.
Not sure if that's the reason, but you can make the links look better by putting brackets around them, like "Look [here](link)"
I do not want to waste away working some stupid job that a robot could do.
In Denmark you have the ocean called Kattegat
I just see him saying the choice is a choice between plague and cholera.
But but, the difference in the cheese also determines what you use it for
The Netherlands Society of General Practitioners,
So in the half billion people of the EU, there's not a single journalist who received a prison sentence for DUI, shoplifting, or similar
and iirc it was from the 60s (i guess it was newsworthy because the jet he used was inferior to the MIG he shot down)
Protip for Russian vodka: Don't drink anything that comes in a bottle with a cap you can't screw back on again
DPP got about 12 to 14% of the 2000s then in last election they got approx 20% making them the 2nd largest party (social democrats got about 26%.
But I’d be lying if I said that it didn’t bother me sometimes
Out of curiosity could you explain the behavior
Then they could just as well vote for the CDU as the far right does not have a monopoly on being against gay marriage.
It's just part of a normal upbringing
When the other Scandinavian (and Nordic) countries went for state control of the alcohol market, Denmark decided to massively increase the tax on liquor instead
They have a reputation for being hardworking handy-men who are way cheaper than Danes.
And the ones in this area, are so used to tourists, they don't give a damm
Did not stop and get out though
We haven't paid Greece through Euro membership, but we have paid through every other EU mechanism in full, contrary to UK.
[lunaticus] is, through i dont know if that is what you meant.
It seems like Russians fall into two categories: trusting the state and refusing to see any problem or seeing the whole system for what it is; highly corrupt
There may have been more, but it feels like a very uncommon thing to me
When people no longer fear it, they stop giving it the respect it deserves
forget choosing a theme, it's all flags when it comes to celebrations
By the end I had to frankly sit down with my friends and tell them that not only was I tried of all the jokes, it hurt my feelings since it seemed like they actually meant it when they said I was a lower-class criminal who only drank mokai
I wonder how I would feel about it now
So in reality, you could have a kurkku in your kurkku
But we're moving away from physical currency anyway, so it won't have a major impact anyway
Oh that's interesting, where in Northern Greece, like city or region
There is 500000 foreign workers in Denmark presumably speaking a different language plus maybe Danish
I didn't really think of that, but I guess it could be a reference to polandball
Haha
I know only some of the wars in the 90's, and have the impression that that was last when there was armed conflicts in the region
One of my favorite places in the world
The remains were just some wrappers and a picture of Göring.
The smaller the country, the more each individual will be able to influence new laws.
I know an Icelandic girl who finds danish sexy (especially English with a danish accent)
No problem indoors
That just have nothing to do with Greeces current economical problems.
Feelscoldman
He is quoted for saying "You can't invite someone to dinner, and then eat at your neighbours house" or something like that.
[American manufacturing is doing well.
Remember we are not part of the eurozone
Edit: omg never mind, the other one is apparently playing a Muslim of Arab descent, according to the Dan Brown wiki
He was called as bad as an Isis Supporter for that one comment.
Two of those are Danish territory, and Denmark is in the EU
Denmark adds lemon, horseradish, capers and anchovies on top of the Schnitzel.
You do NOT have access to the water from this system
> Eastern Jutland: Kinda like Zealand, but with an accent
He would prefer to be alone, but he's in it for the image and benefits
Fun fact
It's like that thing in Sweden with the debate on which side".
They are for the most parts though
I feel like Putin would beat up a lot of people
Sweden all the way
Huh
Only thing I've heard Danes talk negatively about regarding Germany is when Merkel encouraged migrants and refugees to enter Europe, leading to the crisis in 2015
After getting our asses kicked by the Prussians in 1864, the Danish flag was banned in southern Denmark.
Honestly, a lot of Blue don't even consider Green scouts to be "real scots", as they are first and foremost a religious group, not a scout group (plus a whole lot of other political and rivalry stuff that I honestly never was old enough to care about when I was in scouts - all I know is that my blue-scout friends still turn red in the face when people mention green scouts and vice versa)
I think Hadrian was heavily involved in this, but it might have been sooner
" also seems more "serious" and intimate than "I love you
The public debate has just been like animal activists that are sad the minks ara killed and then the farmers like "but our money
I have a very strong Vendelbo accent, which is like a farmers accent
It is probably more that the Russians has figured out, that Wikileaks is an excellent channel through which propaganda can be 'leaked'.
Politically there's still a huge difference between urban areas (KBH, Odense, Aarhus etc) and rural areas.
Like where is that
Is it free to call the police and report a crime
I am pretty sure we will spend more on defence.
Are you actually European
I always made a nice lunch for us from home to eat there - i live almost an hour up north, but my sister lives out in stevnstrup so always combined the rainforest with a visit to her and her family
Example: "do you want hotdogs or pizza for your birthday
Not worth it if you're acually interested in the education you're taking
I’m not Scottish obviously, but I cannot stress how important it is to keep both Gaelic and Scots alive
The downfall of my athletic youth.
Hvad hedder det
Not of a socialist struggle, but of a _class_ struggle
Regardless of the possibility of it all Snowden should be offered Asylum here.
On behalf of Copenhagen, massive thanks to Amsterdam, Budapest, Magaluf, Prague etc for diverting that particular traffic away from us
I'd say it would be:
Obviously that isn't too far away though, so I was going to say maybe Japan next, although Denmark and Japan are probably just similar in a few ways
"Jeg vil gerne en dansk statsborgerskab, Jeg er liderlig" it was pretty funny
We are a very small country, with a very small population
And wine
It is a really nice coat of arms you have, though!
Don’t really think we have any cities that feel foreign tbh
yes, you guessed it
The UK will get a good trade deal and such, because they are a large economy
1 for you 10 for the state
At least that was my experience ...
After shaking a can it usually splutters a lot when opening, which the glass bottles doesn't.
Well please explain OP then because I am genuinely confused now
Quite simple: What Denmark gets out of having the Faroes and Greenland is geopolitical influence
It's small, faraway, and quite simple
>Funny thing is, 40 is also called fyrretyve
All of the internet in America-centric
Maybe we can put our flags together and tell Norway to join in on the fun Kalmarunionen skal leve
You need to stab someone in a critical area, which can only really be done deliberately
Haha I'll drop by your house one day and let you hear.
Wow
Denmark doesn't have a coast guard.
And when those small stock investments have payed of you can start dreaming a little bigger, maybe invest in something that isn't stocks, maybe just some bigger stocks
Less formal dinners will be just one course while more formal dinners may be 3 (or more) courses including dessert.
Nations are an ideological construct as you said yourself, based on symbols and traditions
Family and the closest friends can help themselves to anything they want - but it is of course polite to ask first
Fuck the rest though
My cousin from NL said that people in NL finds Danish to be an ugly dutch version of Scandinavian
I'm from Randers, so you can imagine the 'jokes' (see: genuine prejudices that people disguised as jokes)
Sliiiiiiight layer of hot mustard on top, and man you got me rolling
But why again are we sending them EU funds, instead of kicking them out
Respect the local values
So it's a concern :(
And what if you're a Roman trying to avoid the plague
He got us a big table in one of the halls and we all learned a lot of German drinking songs
It is, however, true that the Vikings most people know about - I.e. the ones who invaded England and France - were almost entirely from Denmark
We've got bror, bro (from English), brormand, makker, kammerat, fyr, gut, and søs, tøser, all of which are used often
Apparently, the map is based on GDP per capita relative to EU28 averages (75-90% of avg
Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Macedonia to form a regional league X-post /r/soccer
Like calm down it’s just a freaking statue
Shouting over someone is not a valid way of voting even the Greeks knew that and that's why they did it with colored stones ages ago
I went to a elementary school in Denmark with lots of Muslim immigrants and we never had this problem with the girls...
As others have pointed out we don’t flaunt our wealth the same way in Scandinavia, but parts of Stockholm and Copenhagen is very expensive
The fact is that high-speed train service is a bit of a luxury
Det er egentlig en hyggelig lille by, men ja, navnet er dælme uheldigt
" or whatever on their social media profiles etc
Conspiracy theories by parties to the left and the right of the old parties forming the backbone of the various Danish governments.
Yearh danish rail is so shitty they outsource parts to DB for more efficiency
How will we as the second largest European country ever explain to the sixth largest, how we came to be so small
Totally fine IMO
Russia doesn't and we got too much bacon to eat ourselves.
The Syrian refugees have also fled to neighbouring countries though
Being from Randers I can't say I've ever found the jokes about Randers more lighthearted than about Lolland  In fact for those 8 years I lived in Copenhagen I've met more people who actually believed all the jokes were true, than I've met people who joked about it lighthearted
Same in Denmark, here you have to shake hands with the mayor of your town and a bunch of other people at a ceremony where you receive the citizenship
Big mistake
I was right in the path of the water and gets my last dry clothes wet
You moved to Randers, ikk’?
How is Cornwall different
[Elverhøj] is also up there because it is our "second national anthem", and also feature in Olsenbanden(Which apparently made it really known in East-germany and Poland).
Way to not stereotype the Russians m8.
Pretty sure we have *some* blame in this mess as well
This always leads to either the locals being forced to assimilate (see: Wales, Turkey, France, the US, China), or the situation devolving into civil war and secessionist movements (see: Yugoslavia, Spain, Denmark, Ireland)
Would you say that's true
There's a saying that Swedes drive across the bridge for alcohol, and we drive across the bridge for skiing and snus
However, everybody have furniture from there and to some  love it for it's super down to earth functionality and cheap price
"is this really exist"
Ive spnt an hour trying to post this.
Shameful :(
Depending on circumstances people might just stay in their car anyway because it's more comfortable or because they expect to be allowed to drive on in a second, so it's not worth getting out, but people would never stay in their car simply because *they felt the alternative was unsafe*.
Restaurants, cafes and bars are allowed to charge for tap water and do it ...
They are literally pioneers in EDM, and so many events there too
This seems like a better way to chose the best song than just having a couple people chose an artist no matter how shit they are.
Luckily, the farmer was eager to share in his culture
they'll offer some shade, right?
Really
What I do know is that 99% of Danish Jews survived the occupation.
Politics are also done in the capital, and so most people hate AT LEAST half the politicians
I didn't know what to expect at all but I've watched it a few times now and it's just great.
It’s a whole crisis in my country
We even import trash from UK because there is not enough to fill the furnaces.
This class struggle expressed both violently and with raised fists, in strikes, the most direct attack on capital (from the inside), but also class struggle as organised in the socialist party(/ies)
A bit sad, but Idk
But as far as I remember, it comes as standard and you have to specify if you don't want it.
If it doesn't, there's always the fallback plan of NU.
Now all they need is a suspicion and pay will be suspended:
It gets worse
Imagine how unbelievably red America would be
Well, if the saying that you never forget to ride a bike once you've learned it is true, then I *can* do it, but I won't do it and haven't done it for the last 15 years or so
Most people prefer making their own babies rather than stealing others afaik
Maybe someone else knows why we brought chickens into it, but I don't.
* The Faroe Islands
I don't mind the Scandinavian banter, but that is 60% if the jabs we get, the other 30% being kamelåså (which doesn't even look Danish), and the remaining 10% being other things
Oh, I get 2 beers as part of it
En by i Rusland
Let’s not forget that uk (assuming from your username) is the second largest arms trader in the world
Here, people from all around the World came to talk very important business
(yes, I know what you're trying to say, but still)
> Vilde vidunderlige Danmark
Thank you to Sweden for all the wars we've had, I think our friendship today needed us to fight so much first
Gift in Danish means both married and poison
NO YOU’RE BREATHTAKING
In rural Denmark there is a fairly large segment of people who love American country music, squaredance, cowboy outfits etc.
My little sister moved out when she was 22, my little brother moved out when he was 23
I think we might have spoken past each other.
We always get ads about saving poor people in African countries
It was changed in 1866 because we lost Slesvig and Holsten completely
Thanks Germany for cheap Candy and Soda across the border
Go to Cambodia, see the Angkor Wat temples!
They are compensated for very unusual hours e.g. starting at 4 in the morning, so it makes sense really
In Denmark; we have had some infamous people from the different biker gangs like Hells Angels and Bandidos
½1234567890+ ’
More less the same goes for Denmark.
", "love you
I have absolutely no idea what it was though, and I don’t think I’ve heard it since
I'm from eastern Jutland (Vejle/Horsens region) but in the southern part of what you'd generally consider central Jutland as well so I'm sort of on the border between different dialects.
What is this
I wouldn't say that dining time is the absolute highlight of the day in the north - at least not in a regard higher than "yay, time to fill the belly"
However I have had friends who would visit a border shop on a daily or weekly basis whenever they ran dry of cigarettes or soda
But I'm of course from Denmark and not Sweden
During the day though
Czechs girls have a wonderful attitude; we're all gonna die tomorrow, let's party and fuck.
It's 10 here too which is nigh useless
My dad calls it "skidderen" which pretty much means "the shitter"
But you draw the line at fur
[Østerport II] has been awarded the architecture monstrosity award in Copenhagen by referendum
How the happy hell have you not heard of Melonpan
Yeah i was just speculating as to why that was the case
i'd pick switzerland, but i really dont know why
For example he referred to Georgians as "rodents", I can completely understand why the average Russian prefers Putin.
But hey people think that they aren't the ones who pay, when a government adds tariffs or taxes companies, so I can see why people would think this too.
Making friends with a Finnish border guard after crossing into Finland from Russia
I'm sure competition stifling government regulations, can be fixed with a even bigger and more streamlined government /r/europe
Officially they are 100% integrated
Akvavit, snaps and beer
Doormat to summerhouse
If you are able to find the non-touristy spots it's still more expensive that the rest of Denmark, but it's less so than Nyhavn and the likes
The biggest stories in our news media are rarely if ever about the US though
It was the British who were subject to terror there.
And one of them has a statue and movie
People having the same fights about the same thing 3 times a month gets old, especially since the thing in question is more relevant to users in the US
The people who produce Apple products are easily replaced despite creating a lot of money
Have you seen how big it is
>1882
When Denmark voted for the Euro in 2002, 46,8% voted for and 53,2% against
Fuck you guys anyways
But I guess it's opened up for smaller impulse day/weekend trips and the like, yeah.
something with condensation, after the treatment, requires them to be cool (to prevent condensation)'
Hvilken landsby var det
I want these assholes to make *damn* sure they’re willing to leave their evil values behind when they migrate
Besides, what are the values the EU was founded on?
", "love you
It's because everyone lives close to the coast and no one lives in the desert
The protestors were protesting the US killing at least 25 militia fighters, which were killed in retaliation for a rocket attack that killed one US civilian contractor
You're _all_ VIP's to us
My husband is from Copenhagen and the amount of thrashing and "teasing" he got from my family in Jutland was embarrasing
But to be fair, that has been a constant for several years now
Labour has really had a string of bad leadership when you look at Miliband as the highpoint.
That is true
By giving less space or no space, and improving the sidewalks and bike paths
It’s not that weird in our language, but for the English speakers, it’s somewhat funny :)
I present to you: [The Results of the 2020, _Annus Horribilis_, /r/AskEurope Community Demographic Survey
Rina Ronja Kari (Folkebevægelsen mod EU) (YES/NO)
Norway and Denmark are united in hating sweeden
What
It is perfectly legal to drink a beer while driving a car or riding the bike
Yeah, it's the same origin IIRC (from halvsjette, 5½)
Interesting, although I doubt it'll have any major impact.
Then nearly every other country with sizable EU-skeptic blocs would be clamoring to leave on the same terms and it would be the death of the union
You’d need a lot of courage to make it into a Danish friend group
But totally makes sense given communism
That would be a German argument.
] They aren't confirmed cases at all like the european numbers
Either it is tobacco-free, or it is illegal
His policies included (and were pretty much limited to):
Also, DN remains Swedens most trusted newspaper with only 7% not having trust in it .
That’s the type of spelling we’d use to indicate that someone is stupid and can’t spell lol
That is probably going to be one of the biggest upsets for British industry, the fact that so many vital components are made on the continent.
Can't have some non-Nordic have Nordic clay.
There's 2 in Copenhagen already selling for 15 and 20 kr
This is why the politicians in question have either stepped down due to immense pressure from the public or have had their political spokesman positions taken from them by the party
Frankly, I can make a reasonable assessment given the data we have.
That's hardly anything exclusive to Europeans or something that only Americans are affected by.
Looked up some holocaust info because I thought that most of the horrible stuff didn't happen till really late in the war.
My life is a lie
You mean the sane kind
Valhalla
I feel like it shows that the vast majority of people don't vote for the loudest stupidest guy they can find
I've been to both and yes their are very different, but it's not like Luxembourg and Mogadishu.
Or in autumn, you're sad about summer ending, yet also happy, knowing that spring will come again soon
Though I do think they glorify Elizabeth a bit, everyone comes across as complex and flawed people
Those living in the regions originally inhabited by the Frankish tribes kept speaking their language, which eventually developed into modern Dutch
They cancelled the flight the night before, so we had to pick up some tickets with Norwegian, as they had not cancelled their flights
Copenhagen
Germany won the peace after WW2, except of course for about the conventional 10% crazies every country has to suffer.
Therefore it gets harder to acknowledge the beautifulness of a city, because you are basically never there
In my hometown (Randers) the German had situated their foothold with around 4000 of their total 11000 men, all led by a German count called Gert
No the heads of state in the Scandinavian kingdoms are the monarchs.
Why are "Anglo" and "Germanic" listed as two seperate groups?
get it = Får sex
Yeah, Greece is literally the world's leading nation in shipping, with more trade vessels than any other nation
Oh la di da, you call the prime minister with informal addressing
Because ræv (fox) and røv (ass) sounds very similar he accidentally said he caught an ass
Her friend turns around and says in Danish, “no, she just forgot her medicine at the hotel”... turns out another Danish school was attending the same concert in the same small jazz club as us
Kan folk ikke lide vores 97
The Scandinavian-word-mess really triggers me.
/frue/frøken" (excuse me Sir/Ma'am/Miss), people would think you were a confused time-traveller from the 1950s or just a weirdo
Because they're the ones making the malware to begin with
I'm pretty sure this is inaccurate
Some have middle names but it is not common
Thank you
In newer history it would be Magrethe, Christian and Frederik thats about it
It was the church in form of the Archbishop that orchestrated the thing
Used to be Denmark was the porn capital of Europe
They can choose to get the flu shot or not
>Swiper
If we only take the lesson from the 20th century that 'socialism failed', with no nuance, and we then proceed to throw away struggle against the capital relation, struggle against class, struggle against capitalism
A “gift game”, I.e if you roll a six you can take a gift from a massive pile of gifts is more common though
idk, maybe because both my parents were Greenlandic.
she is an active proponent of making it illegal to encrypt data
# Sjælland
Danish news said they still are in a state of emergency this morning.
Too dirty, too many scammers etc
Undercover Blues was Gunpowder, Bullets and Diapers here
The US accepts next to no refugees even though a lot of the ones we're currently seeing come from their military interventions.
Deliberately seeking out dangerous places for the excitement.
And there are even words, where Danes cannot agree:
Was amazed by the CGI in that intro, but then I saw what the show was about holy shit
And this is from a Dane, who has nearly crashed so many times exactly because of this
But now being extended to data protection
In Denmark we usually say smil (smile) or appelsin (orange fruit)
It's great, I buy a can when I see one
I mean in some stores but then you just go to the next one
It was very hard for me to get into any form of Christmas spirit this year
Same as with parties that fight for "sovereignty", but hand their nation to the highest bidder.
Bitch
that would be gold
Around €150 a month
Half fifth times twenty (5-½ \* 20)
I also think that we run a risk that EU might fracture if we don't do it as one body, as in eastern EU going in one direction, north in another and so on.
Source:
But yeah, I’ll definitely need to learn the language sometime
It's not that Europe is that densely populated, Australia is just the definition of sparsely populated
It’s an entirely different way of thinking while speaking
And it’s still very easy to read (Bokmål)
Don't know what people are complaining about
Population is around the same size as well, but they of course have waaay cooler nature
Remember when Clinton got in trouble for using the term deplorables, when she spoke of these garbage people
Keep it up swede
For saaaaan
A lot of people call the EU "Europe", but that doesn't make it correct.
I've never heard about it either.
Are there any other words in Norman derived from Old Norse?
City
What is german internet like...
Who is more in favor of the TPP [Japan] or the US?
No idea at what altitude though
US as a superpower has led to destabilization in many countries in South-America and the middle-east that led to thousands of innocent lives gone.
And also, this explains something
*You have chinged your last chong*
I want
A couple of days ago it was 29C, not good
No one in Denmark wanted that; the system is already fine
But I actually thought they taught this in school, but I guess it varies from school to school
It also has a lot of partnerships and student exchange partnerships with a lot of universities all over the world, and a commitment to making everything accessible in English.
I would eat so much more fish if the prices for it were better, or if I had better fish shops nearby
Their wiki page seems pleasant enough.
Not after the recent price hike on plastic shopping bags
shouldn't the sale (rea) be in some shop?
The English title is a euphemism while the Danish title is very literal in its meaning
They're just "ghettos" because of the relative poverty and unemployment rates.
I just absolutely demolished the entire argument
It was this pie with meat and vegetables.
salad and vegies preferd but not required
They're born into ghettos; are unable to get a proper education, because the schools available to them are terrible; and they can't afford college.
The only part of it that I enjoyed even a little was at the very end where the main character almost dies in a plain crash, but even that is somehow wirtten in a way that takes away all the intensity of the situation
>Stk
No, most would probably drink from cups.
Expensive
I like your language and wish I understood it.
I can guarantee you, if Turkey gets to the point where they are imminent to attack the Netherlands, they won't be a member of NATO any longer.
world war he was forced to fight for the Germans
Most schools have flagpoles, but I have never seen the EU flag on them, only the Danish flag.
Here, I doubt more than 1/10 would know a decagram is
Danish banknotes all feature bridges on them :)
During the winter war a lot of danes went to Finland, but it was not really supported.
When the Danish politicians spend three months agreeing on a government it does not really matter.
Grenen in Denmark
And does that have anything to do with the sillicone in your username
How, where
SMS is still used as everyone can receive a SMS.
But Christmas is celebrated with the family an not other people so it won't change the immigration at large?
Did curry, as we know it today, exist or be known all the way back then
Will the necessary change come quicker and easier in Denmark than elsewhere
It was estimated by the Australian government that it would only add 0.7% to national GDP by 20302 - so shit all..
I assume you are an EU citizen based on you're flair so you are free to move her, i just don't want you to only live among people of you're own country and ethnicity because it would mean you will never completely integrate into danish society.
Iceland was Danish up until after the second world War.
Now I have an image in my head of some guy called Scott handing in his tax-free forms at the airport to get the VAT refunded on his Royal Copenhagen souvenir plate .
Why do you think it *matters* whether or not you care?
for themselves
My parents' generation seem to have an easier time understanding people from Norway and Sweden due to them having grown up watching TV from there
Super confusing I know
1018-1035 King of Denmark
Neither does total number, unless it's something ridiculously high.
I remember "Paraste ennen" ... :)
But yes, I'll grant you that accidental injury is more common with knives
But climate change is a myth
firstly we start learning it when we're like 6, and then all of our movies and shows are in english and not dubbed so lots of constant exposure to it
>Ah, no can do, they need to pay us back first
No, but I have seen the [wrong type of snow] and waited for delayed, overfilled and overpriced trains around London.
I can understand that
*Former* government that needed the support of a right wing party, but yes
But their children would be the interesting point
Meaning "Can I please use the toilet kindly sir
I don't.
Thank you Sweden for all your furniture, kitchens, tables, chairs etc
[Greater Copenhagen - A Way of Life]
Very few people actually hate Americans here
) by one or two wars
Simmersted nær Haderslev
Copenhagen, and also the west coast is filled with Germans right now
- After the show the charity pot is split up someway and is sent to the participating municipalities to help fund their reforestation
Que Mala pata
I haven't been able to find a proper picture of it, since most of the ones I have is of my old British classmates and I don't feel comfortable sharing those, but it's sort of like [this] but less styled and professional looking
well go far enough back in time to see all the times we conquered you
But that doesn't mean guns are not an important factor
I’ve cycled in the Netherlands and it is more pleasant and feels safer than in Cph
The Little Mermaid in Copenhagen
I go to church a couple of times a year, and as a former exchange student in Uruguay with a religious Protestant family I know the differences.
In my childhood it was the greatest thing ever, but I've been in load of parks now that does theme parking way better
in the rear, the middle and the front, next to the bus driver
Our cities expanded faster than we could keep up with it, and so any of our cities built before the 1970s are essentially a complete mess.
After the 5th kid you're kinda meh and just tired from all the pregnancies
In Denmark, 0% of kids die in school shootings
Well, yeah, usually
So apart from the last 70+ years, it's been clear policy.
So do I, but they don't speak it to an incomprehensible degree, nor are have I ever experienced them being asked to "speak clearly" when in company of others
It honestly makes sense that Americans mix us up all the time, even if they do it for the wrong reasons
Fantastic
I believe its the same in the U.K.
But luckily, I found the regular people of America to be extremely polite and very talkative, and just nice in general
It is a sad an infuriating story, of changing the stupid rules to something even stupider, then changing the rules back, and then making the rules optional, before reverting to the original stupid rules.
It’s a pretty fun/easy job and the pay is absolurely crazy here
Some examples
I remember another great Finnish act from the nineties Bomfunk MCs with Freestyler
Surprised I haven’t been kicked out of Denmark yet
Most Europeans would say Opel is German.
Later his daughter would end up living here in Denmark, and we still stay in contact
judging from the Danish history of war Swedish and German should be the only two
I'm also opposed to compromising with the Radical party here at home, as an example(It was even part of the reason I left the Social Democratic Party)
> The plumbing connections are all flexible
Apparently it's moving to Oksbøl. I doubt tøjhusmuseet is going anywhere
And even quite silly and shitty, too (imo)
I know a bunch of people who have come out of med school, went to Norway for a year or two and come back with what can almost buy a house
You won't get rich but you will get by
He was extremely unpopular in Denmark
nope
>especially English with a danish accent
Thank you for your comment
2009
Regarding the Danish-German border, it looks wrong.
Europe went all austerity and slashed budgets.
But instead it has just stuck its head in the sand and let hundreds of thousands die and millions be displaced, because people are “tired of wars”. As if wars are going to go away because you are tired of them
Aren't you pretty good freinds with Austria
It felt much more Northern European, more specifically German, which would make sense
Yes
I'm forced to go by my parents.
But yes, there are other factors at play as well
There are so many fun memes making fun of our superior language, yet people latch onto that boring one
When has more pizza never been a good thing ??
They tried to purchase hard liquor, were asked for ID and provided it
Most of what I know of from my country is for kids
Different spelling (takk and tak) but almost same pronunciation
I’ve literally never heard that
There doesn't seem to be as much posturing or as many inflated egos on the other side of the bridge
Some cities are just ugly and less liveable than others, that's the truth.
Go back to being  trading Union or what ever the original purpose was
We take long weekends in Berlin, London, Amsterdam, Paris etc all the time
You're obviously going to attack capitalism, but the reality is that capitalism has been more succesful in its application, even if isn't perfect
I'm kinda split in all these comments, there's a difference in culture at a "family party" and a "I'm gonna get smashed party"
Counter strike
You aren't even in the council of europe.
It makes you appreciate peace and hopefully be less ready to participate in wars outside of Europe too
lars seier gonna be piiiiiissssed
there's a lot of words americans use, that a britsh person wouldn't, and vice versa
Too bad I am over 50, so apparently I now belong to the stupid part of the population.
I mean these have very clearly not been weighted the same, but cool nonetheless :)
Is the Christmas present I got free
But i did have a course in school were we were taught a bit about swedish, icelandic and norwegian
I have stereotypes of how they all look in my head, and it’s pretty distinct (I.e more olive skin, green eyes and curls for South, that dark almost black hair colour and brown eyes for East) but in reality I probably wouldn’t.
I live in København and it has that humid warm air from the sea and the heat radiating back from the asphalt that combined makes it feel 5-7 degrees higher than it is at times
**The Netherlands**
The Economist is not "official" or whatever.
It won't even be a fair fight with morons controlling the US side of it.
That isn't conflicting- tribes in Africa do the same today.
They've got their own network over here.
Because you took one of the most retarded decisions in the history of your country
It's even part of our old national anthem:
They are not listening to reason
So it can be almost the opposite of wealth redistribution.
spoken like a true dane
Might be true but selling it for 5% of its value seems very odd
Pretty common here in Denmark
To be fair if you round it off its 2 citizens.
no idea
I'd say more popular artist right now could be things like Ukendt Kunstner, Siivas, KESI, Gili, Artigeardit and Benny Jamz
Having sexist views is not discriminatory.
I get extensive blood work done 3x a year and my vitamin d3 levels are never higher than recommend
I was 10 years old when I started to receive English lessons in school, but that was in the 80'es
What magical phrasing, ven
Or is there some other show by that name as well
So you can change your government
There are so many games that blew me away when I first played them, and many of which I still love and adore.
My shoes are comfortable, you better not make me take them off
The general trends in American and British music, like disco, reaggae, new wave etc also influenced Danish music
Something the mods need to know about it?
It doesn't help that Slovakians call their country Slovensko, and their language slovenčina
Kælling
my kind of person
", whereas the "to arrive" meaning is found in Shakespeare
[Frilandsmuseet] buildings from Denmark through the last 350 years
raisin buns trick you into thinking that it's chocolate, but leaves you with a foul surprise
But only as the EU sticks to EU migration.
Even in Denmark -- where we love our bicycles -- we often exclude bicycle paths when building stuff like this
The climate is perfect for me and i like to live near the sea
Regarding inheritance, pensions, property, children.
First, it took some time for people to even kind of be aware that it was a thing
What's up with Murcia
In North Schleswig though, there is a variant of Danish which can be very hard to understand
I'ved said nothing about the quality of beer, neither yours nor ours, stop being so butthurt.
There's plenty in Jylland, just gotta go to harbours to find them obviously
Religion should be forbidden in European soil, we're already a prosperous and highly educated continent, we don't need these primitive ideas anymore
6 pm
Like Sigurd Orm-i-Øje, Regnar Lodbrog, Harald Hildetand etc
The King of the Slavs is buying up all the land near your shared border so he can soon cure you of your lack of slavness!
Insulin, which has probably saved 1000s of life and then Lego, a literal toy
Randers is a city with over 96500 people, obliviously not all of them are going to be uneducated, violent criminals and all wear adidas and listen to techno - and it's unreasonable to assume so
Seriously, if you are not going to accept facts, then you are not worth my time.
So you sit there and watch The Terminator and Arnold says: "I'll be back
I can't help but imagine Denmarks statistic might've been helped by Faroe Islands and Greenland who have mandatory Danish and English on top of their native Faroese and Inuit
Danish "artist" put goldfish in blender and asked viewers to start the blender.
Vovhund = Woof-dog
Sorry but that is not how it works
True - I have only visited München once to go to the Oktoberfest, and I had a blast
the 60 km/h sign is for cars, not sure why they're always placed all the way on the other side
IMO politicians expressing intent to ease on countries in the hopes of those countries aiding the politicians in national elections is treason, pure and simple.
Do you know it
This is Swedish propaganda
Could have been kind of cool to have Russia in the EU too.
EDIT: Honestly, at least if you're already familiar with Christmas calendars as a concept, you should give the infamous *The Julekalender* a watch this Christmas - that's the cult one I mentioned
Norwegians understand Swedish with ease and Danish with a little less ease
The Swedish number system is so simple
At the 2015 Roskilde Festival I shared a beer and a joint with a Norwegian guy called Christian who told me he was Norwegian royalty, but that he probably never would have to do any official princing around just cause he was like 18th in the line of succesion or something similar
I've been dus with every politician I've ever met (I met quite a few when I worked in broadcast media), and if I were to meet with the current or former PM and/or some of the ministers I'd be dus with them too
1 export) Mineral fuels including oil: US$76
He invited himself publicly with very short notice
You could just jump over it
EDIT: Or, if you got it from us
i've seen OTHER kinds of food-wagons/trucks but not like this
Which I think is totally bearable
Harald Bluetooth
A lot of people light a lot of candles
Dog: DK though, SE died
You think you get off easy, but most Danes don’t even know how bad Denmark was
>I've only ever heard "The Öresund Region" being mentioned in that context
Pretty sure, never went to one though
There was a documentary about how many of the people working on our new/recent metro project was Polish (Romanian and from other Eastern European countries).
To be honest I'm not sure about the general sentiment on this.
Move an hour or so out of Copenhagen(in the right direction), and you can get 240 sqm
Eastern Europe (apart from Yugoslavia, because Tito wasn't having it, and he was a hard motherfucker) was de facto occupied by them for a long time
So Merkel has always been tired?
In Denmark we took the approach of basically accepting every loan word, whereas in Norway they made new words
Either you solve it like the rest of us, or you don’t.
To me it's completely stupid to do this because you have no idea what's coming .  I drive maybe 30km/h or 40km/h so I have the time to  pull over to the side just in case
I frankly cannot take a universalist Soros shill seriously.
Boarding students will cost 157000 Danish crowns (roughly 23850 dollars)
I have visited Italy a lot of times - but there is always so much more to see ;-) (From Denmark)
I have written this message on Danish first, and so over-put every word to English for, so widely as possible, to conserve the words original placement in for-hold to each other
It is an ad for a travel agency
400 DKK is 65 dollars, soooo I think they earn well above that haha
My country have problems too
They were signed in a time after wars in Europe.
They were fairly discrete, but sometimes we could hear a bed make noises
A pseudo-Nordic England would probably have been a more marginal figure, more genuinely insular, with the Dover Strait constituting a substantial cultural and linguistic barrier
In Denmark, we even have [afterskiing themed bars] even though we don't have mountains
I took a year of history in sixth form in the UK and we also learned about the reformation in Europe (Martin Luther), in relation to the UKs split from the Roman Church with Henry the 8th
Ok, hands down, I thought Denmark had a lot of trees
Denmark is indeed better(Totally not biased).
Yes, I'm currently in Gymnasium (Danish high school) where we have an obligatory class called Religion on the second year
That must at least help a bit with English vocabulary, right
Lots of mountains up there
None of what you describe above (analytical skills, wider political implications, ect
He seems to try to keep the nationalist at bay and you can hardly call it fair elections with the state of the Russian opposition.
So you don't feel the "roasting" on your skin as much, it feels more like you're suffocating on moist air, every part of your body is constantly sticky etc
What's the point you are trying to make here
Well now I look like a creep cause my hand was extended, she hugged and it look like I groped her :("
In the highest tower a maiden daughter of Denmark measures a grain of lead each minute and throws it in the chasm of the vengeful.
- Holy fuck, fix your roads
But If I’m speaking English I’ll always be aware that most Danish people understand it
It's only bright from 8:30-15:30 right now, and even then it's still somewhat dark
My Greek Wedding
It's obviously very one-dimensional, and it becomes a bit tedious when you've seen these portrayals a million times
It is also a very important in the Western-European nature, being responsible for the recovery of, among other species, grey goose, white-tailed eagles and spoonbills
What I mean is: It's not a place to be if you're generally a slacker
English teacher saying that a cheetah was called "gepard" in English
I don't think Stalin deserves that much credit for it
In Denmark its “Lad være med at gøre en myg til en elefant”.
Germans seem to love exploring Jutland, go fishing everywhere they see any water, go to our beaches etc.
I live with my mom :)
>The system increases access to poor people
An economic and defense union was in the works before the whole NATO, EEC/EU thing got in the way.
> by living in the same environment you learn about others and they don't seem so alien to you after a while and you just notice that they are human too with almost identical behaviors
He's British, surly he knows his own language.
Then we lost it all and remain a tiny country
When the country that keeps electing Berlusconi thinks like that, we have reached a new level
And complain about the overrepresentation of Jews among "people with influence".
TIL: Somebody makes stats on sauerkraut consumption pr.
IRA or ETA did not drive trucks into civilians in Germany to prove a point.
One for the history books
We have no communists in politics in Denmark, though we have plenty of socialists.
While the men were out, Ebbesens himself dressed as a farmer and snuck into the city and into the home of the count
We hate people who try to mooch/take other people's drinks
What Le Pen has done borders malintent, since she paid a friend with EU funds to do tasks not related to EU work.
Do you live near a tourist site, but you have never personally been
I did have a brief focus on the dialects of Denmark during folkeskole in Danish class
It just means hi/bye
But yes, would be more fitting if it was here in Denmark
A 3000-year bromance
Obliviously Viking age is taught throughout, and then (depending on the teacher) you might learn about Egyptian, Greek and Roman through projects through school (ages 6 to 16)
Just not as impactful, and, more importantly, there wasn't a fucking chronicler present
Spent a week training on a specific type of [Digital] software, with participants from all over the world
Haha fucked up and forgot I was using a Danish keyboard...
If it avoids charming personalities like *yours*, we're at least doing *something* right.
Fairly confident that Kim Larsen will eventually become a major cultural figure
I mean he might very easily just have said the whole thing to get some laughs and a bit of my Jay and his friends might have seemed slightly on Edge because of the surroundings infront of the orange stage but whenever I meet any Norwegian thats an atleast half decent person I try to get them merry and partying just because they are so much fun to let loose with, I mean, he didn't have to do the Elaborate ruse but you know, I know what my story Will be next time I visit Norge
I'm from Sjælland and have never seen one in my life
It was found to not be economically feasible.
How dare you
well it's a start I guess
Actually that’s Sweden discreetly surrendering
The impatient drivers who try to drive off after you have gone a centimeter past the car, or those that try to speed of in between people walking across
Yes, but that would economically be the same as a Euro-country leaving the EU.
Also, the first and so far only school shooting happened at the university in 1994, where a man shot at women specifically and killed two before he shot himself
Stram kurs gaining massive popularity
he mostly cooked classic danish food
I can understand that it bothers you
In our defence
Americans with Japanese roots, Vietnamese roots etc.
There’s not really any true undisturbed wilderness in Denmark
Ok thats good
* Dutch: 10 % (I can recognize several words that are similar to other Germanic languages, but I don't really get any meaning out of reading the article)
But the average seems to be 2 checkups every year
Lets fight
As a Dane, I really like you :) Have a wonderful day!
Never understood this
He mentioned off-handedly while talking to US media that after visiting Poland, he would visit us in Denmark
We're not even electrified yet, and electrification is over budget and over time, because we're using an experimental system
Are you talking about Radikale Venstre
More accurately, you promote the growth of lactic acid bacteria, that make the brine sour
She is basically a woman who creates fog by brewing a big pot of food, which makes people get lost and walk into either the forest or rivers and bogs
Sure
What a lifesaver
On our last day we went to the parking place where our car was, and driving out of there a van had parked blocking the exit
And I'm pretty sure EU leaders, and even the population, is warming up to that idea being reasonable.
Funny how we use so many similar words
I doubt it, Euroscepticism is a national sport.
It's a mandatory subject they teach you in school so amongst 5th to 9th graders here then yes
Frokost (Danish) = lunch
It sucks
Cute: køn
The same in Denmark with Copenhagen
There's a clear definition of what's a dialect
I know that they are a shit newspaper but still.
That sounds exactly like something a bad guy with an awful language would say
Every country has gained a lot of right wing followers during the last couple of years and they are basicially all calling for less EU, which would mean (if they got it their way) that every country is more on their own
They still look and feel like monopoly money :-/
And it’s not all songs either
Never thought about like that, but that’s still kind of messed up
Very old stereotypes there I'd say.
>:(
CDs with songs from the panzerregiments or the Afrikakorps, SS daggers etc.
What are you studying and at what level?
For just as the Holy Church is ruled by the Pope and Bishop, so every land must be ruled and guarded by the King or his officials
And the restaurant (or whatever) keeps the difference
As said, I'm an internationalist
Yes, bored people are far more likely to have sex.
Hey, I can't help the fact that we were drawn against each other so many times in a row
"Han er *jo* en idiot"
Only weaponry
(and get to pay for the helicopter too)
Blasphemy
[This picture] went the rounds in Denmark back in 2015
Excuse me what
Only Time is a classic, and gets revived periodically (recently by Vam Damme in the Volvo commercial)
Also, tufted ducks and king crabs are called "troldand" (troll duck) and "troldkrabbe" (troll crab) respectively, though I fail to see their resemblances with trolls
Yet I often pronounce said American words in a more British way
It's about the ending of a big show
It's just running down your body in streams of nastiness
Europe isn't really Europe, but impoverished russian peasants living in eastern wastelands.
\[Verse 1\]
The word gets another ending instead
It is an insult to the people that suffered under Hitler which literally number in the tens of millions just from going by casualties.
But January and February have almost always had a lot of snow
Absolutely - when I went on an exchange to the UK, I taught the game to the friends I made at my Sixth Form
> zwakkeling
but i dont believe it's a common thing at all
In continuation of this, identifying with region/city levels isn't really a thing that much in Denmark
Read about NotPetya
I guess part of the reason was that Denmark had more to loose than to win in a few of those games
Depends on who lives there, our heating is mostly not used, since it isn't very useful
12 min/ 10 km in a taxi is 200kr
Think of it as the butterfly effect: maybe your bean bolognese you serve for your friends is so awesome you inspire them to try experimenting with veggies themselves
How dare you
Soooo, no number for Denmark
I'm a student, so I don't have that many choices if I want to go somewhere
If you use more force you might avoid punishment due to you acting in fear or because you're high on adrenaline
Guess there are still some pipes that poland wont lay
It is not something that is commonly eaten here, but it is not seen as wierd
(Nice free dinner haha)
It's a general rule of thumb for all economies.
I think "I love you" is more common for youth because American movies make it seem like something you tell everyone.
Leave it to teh people that made Jesus their king to make a universiy that looks like a church
I would say Aarhus
I remember when I first started uni, there were zero people in my year below the age of 20 - personally I was 20 and I was the youngest in my year, with most being 25+. Then when I later started my second bachelor, (at 22), I was one of the oldest in my year suddenly, with most being around 18-20
I believe that _class_, rather than nations, should be the prime identification of people
You don't like
Europe didn't develop uniformly
The older generations especially seem hung up on the details
If you want to apply for the student grant you need to live up to a few criteria, most importantly a part time job.
im still shaking my shimmies after ted cruz said trump was gonna nuke denmark :(
This pandemic really is the strongest argument for veganism I've ever seen
But it just feels wrong
Ah ok
You know
We do have the Faroe Islands in addition to Greenland
Dude, don't even mention that to the Swedes
(Green Island, Tainan and so on)
Czechia = Tjekkiet
If you do, it will be filmed and put on youtube
They’re hurting
But no, funding, helping, organizing terrorist groups is not an act of war
Could it maybe be because they don't speak a single word of Dutch?
Smart move
An individual has almost no sway over how it formulates policy or agreements, other than by proxy of their own government or through the excrutiatingly limited machinations of the EP.
No color is unhealthy
You're not missing much
Then all 10 of them will invade and replant the Danish flag, while the 5 people of Skåne who actually gives a damn cheer them on.
Don't think you are better than others
Australia, that doesnt even have a space agency, and temporarily got rid of its Science Department within the Federal Government....
I think the Danish vikings would defeat them before you guys.
That happens all the time
it's half base 10, half base 20
that's like a month ago lmao
There has been a couple of very deadly attacks in Spain and London.
We took more slaves than France, you guys, Spain or Portugal (can’t remember which), and the US
The song is great in practically any language other than English
Why is Russia left out
Same, everyone in my town has one
Why are there so many portugeese in Luxembourg and Paris?
Also all of this were actually controlled by the danish resistance movement and not state officials, and there are quite a few stories of members getting their revenge on old foes by claiming they were collaborators
It just fits better with the demonym "Dane".
**The Netherlands**
The municipalities' autonomy is limited to standard municipality functions
Rona
- Gender neutral and uncomplicated (no extra meaning like “friend”) word for boyfriend/girlfriend
Which news organization explains why they're in Sweden, Denmark, USA, Australia or whatever?
It emits carbon but would have emitted that carbon too if it was spread out in the manure
Great idea
So you *are* ok with all the hate crimes I listed, then.
I think most Danes would say Copenhagen - especially the Amager area, so I'm going to throw a curveball and say [Århus]
I d'oh'ed
There is no such thing as too much Sønderjylland...
the data was full of errors in some cases, causing possibly innocent people to be convicted based on this
It's fairly common to have it here in the summer.
You can't just make up your own meaning, and expect people to take you seriously.
I'm dus with my boss, and the CEO
It doesn't matter how Wilders does.
In old books" from the poem "The Golden Horns" 1802 by [Adam Oehlenschläger] who also wrote the lyrics to our national anthem
Jacob Mark from SF
(Although it doesn't please me that we had wintery weather in March in 2018 and snow in May this year)
We have plenty of viking legends
I'm planning a few more trips than that this year.
By is more like town while landsby (country/land+town) is a village and storby (big+town) is a city
Turns out Portugese and Australian has more in common than I first would've imagined
Mailing them a bag of coins
Mind you, I'm not slamming the other countries for dubbing
That was definitely the worst experience, but it’s not exactly an exception
Isn't it also like the only island in Slovenia
It's in Danish but it should be easy enough to guess what the pictures mean
I don't know if they are still as popular as they were back then, now kids plays games on tablets instead
I know for a fact that some of the members of Gojira love Düreforsög, and that Metallica at least during the Master of Puppets days had a close relationship with Artillery
The Netherlands Association of Paediatric Surgeons,
All other languages are optional
This is actually the first time that I have run in to such a large amount of people who are wrong on this subject.
My rIgHt tO ChOoSe
Never argued against any of that, but neither of those are done by forcing people to participate in specific events.
And then I've always found it kinda funny that Dizzy Mizz Lizzy was relatively popular in Japan as well
Can we please have our clouds and 15 degress back
Pull every single €uro of funding Tunisia gets in every conceivable way until they start taking back their own people.
Precisely my point: I want as little government as possible and direct democracy - so that we can express our own desires rather than relying on political representatives to do it for us.
I may have missed some
And greatness
ngl i thought he was gonna get popped the second he got off that plane
^^^^^^Or^^it^^ will^^be^^very small
That's not a flag
I imagine that's a good place to start looking for good German films.
Politicians can say more than a normal person before they are charged/found guilty.
My dad heats his house in the winter with a fireplace
Sure I don't agree with his opinions, but it's damn smart and almost worked
1,4 deaths per 1 million people in the US, and 0,17 deaths per 1 million people in the EU
I don't get it
From friend to friend or neighbor to neighbor
Where I'm from, this is perfectly legal
Also there's absolutely no reason why you should be rude to me like you were, simply because I've been raised with, and have read, different stories than you
Why couldn't they just raise taxes or cut spending?
You’re welcome
For me there is a large military musuem with tanks and artillery in my town, that I've never been to
>	No I explicitly said people pay for roads
We were told to contact our MP's and so I did
They deduct it from what i earn, every year
Ungarn - Hungary
Here, you'd either just shoot an email (if it's a long question and you'd like the professor / TA to take actual time to see you) or you'd go to the office or ask after class/during breaks if it's a short question.
I'd also wager and say that NL has a much better and more equal society than Ecuador
The little mermaid
I'd feel the same if we lost the Statue of Liberty or Angkor Wat
And I repeat, why is it illigitimate for an Icelander to give an item to the Danes, and the Danes then to keep it
There wer two reigns of terror in France
Well it's relevant because UK havnt left yet.
I think it's also because there used to be more importance placed on titles overall
Doesn't really work as very few russians speak danish, and we politically aren't very much russophiles.
They exist here but they're not a very common variant
Insulin
He explained in very detail how it was
Are we more liberal than you guys
English isnt from germanic
My 12 year old niece sings in the church quire and pays taxes on the less than 100 euro they give her.
If you can understand kamelåsa you are almost halfway there.
I'm still not sure, I used the right one
Or Danes and Swedes
Gibberish is usually the go-to, isn't it
Ordinary cookies that are required for the site to work, such as login session cookies, can be used without notifying the user.
**Aarhus:** Copenhagen, but uncool
Wouldn't the whole 'neutrality' thing be the reason for the low support?
Not sure what are traditional board games
It might seem as if we in Denmark merged that with our midsummer for Sankt Hans in June.
Maybe their grandchildren will have a bit darker skin than many, but on the whole, they'll typically appear to be English.
Tror du virkelig du kan slippe afsted med at sige sådan noget lort til mig over internettet
They have been around for a long time, but i think they are similar to your Luffare's.
] They’re about to raise the price thankfully
In most of the world they don't have the climate for it, and where they do, they don't have quite the culture for it like in Europe
I write  Ƶ  in lower case, but it comes from working with math
Clean energy , and its neighbor not at all it is arrogant to suggest they should percentage wise reduce by the same number.
Nothing will change because of this.
Yeah
Is that a thing where you're from
The 3 items in the picture on the left is actually smørebrød made on rugbrød.
Yeah I corrected it, must have been a brain fart
Don't miss the midges though, any chance of them being eradicated
Likely you might pay at least 10
I won't bother trying
You can't use them as ID anywhere and they don't fit the EU/eea standards for id cards
Seems very inefficient to toast the buns that indirectly
First off: Thank you, to all who participated
Right
Just remember to shout "The Danes are coming
he also seemed to have mostly good intentions.
No, Britain is a fine example that you *cannot* leave the EU practically speaking.
We've got pretty decent desserts, cakes and sweets.
It definitely wouldn't go down well in Denmark
Should correct my original post “new” is not accurate
We definently get snow in the winter, but rarely 'real snow', as in it stays on the ground for more than a few days before turning to grey mush- big snowy landscapes
It's not fair, they got us drunk and we are so friendly and generous when we are drunk
Denmark approves medical cannabis trial
Not downward dog or warrior pose or any of the hundreds of other poses
Likely because 9pm **is** pretty late for the makers of those memes lmao
The party is paying one million DKK back.
The Danish People's party (nationalists) and the conservatives, mostly.
> And yet, in many countries people who see the word Asian will think of the Far East rather than the near East
Quick calculation says its cheaper than car if you are one person, about the same if you're 2 and more expensive if you are three
I haven't been there so have never heard it
Danish: bæ (or bae), meaning poop
With the other nationalities I could also say small things like that, which would make me assume they were from those countries
A banker looks down on a garbage man, even though the latter is arguably much more important to society
The claim is literally being refuted by most of the police in the very article you are linking.
A couple of days ago it was 29C, not good
You said "it will be easy", in response to a question that *wasn't* specifically about highly skilled jobs though.
First night we rented tent but at around midnight a porcupine gets into our tent and into the mattresses
Systembolaget is 20+ no
Like my bf speaks thybomål with her family, but regular danish with me, since I don't know all the words of thybomål
bye
Started as a 9 y/o in school
Explore
Why are Americans so obsessed with smalltalk, even with strangers they have nothing interesting to say to?
It's the other way around
Definitely messed up
It looked fun but hella expensive
Mexico
That looks amazing
Also, the more idiomatic way to say this is "**sikke** et dejligt/fint vejr vi har i dag"
"-moment
"* you might think, but it's actually happening in Denmark currently: Danish Crown (largest meat company in the country) launched a meat-veggie hybrid in 2019, and Arla (largest dairy company in northen europe) launched an oat milk last year
Often, it's not really warranted.
Atleast in my case I've been informed (by student advisers at Scottish universities) that I as a EU citizen have to pay same tuition fees like UK students
It was icy cold and incredible
Third picture looks like Toussaint from the Witcher.
For business, it would be Copenhagen Business School (CBS)
Also, Christianity was a subject
I don't have kids, but I wouldn't be afraid to send them back to school if I had kids
> The view expressed in this server is, by and large from what I've seen in my travels
Iceland is also part of Europe, of course it is, even though it's geographically further away.
I sure do :)
I'm not but keep repeating it if you think it makes it true...
And then there's the people who didn't even know it's a thing.
I also catch other people doing the same and I cringe EVERY time
Don't listen to this sneaky panda, min elskede Norge
only had it once in grade 6 or 7 i think, but yeah week 6
Norway
but *le travel*?
Ahh, Donkey Town, the place I was born
I am a nationalist, but i'm not a isolationist.
it still isn't an infringement on the freedom of religion, IMHO
There’s plenty of high skilled workers fleeing the country because of jobs disappearing
I've located pretty much the exact location this photo was taken, for anyone interested
None are more prestigious than others, since they are all free
So this picture is facing Europe
Closest to "no dialect" would probably be eastern Jutland (Mainland Denmark) I'd say.
When speaking english, I'd say it the way it's said in English: one point five.
Which, yeah, isn't exactly a base with a good reputation
" doesn't just mean that you get to make up your own illegal vote and that the government then has to care about the results
People say people from Copenhagen is mostly CBS people and banditter i habitter
I like mine but it doesn't sound very danish
Virgin disease vs
In the US, religion tends to be much more accepted, public and influential, politically and socially.
Their old names just happen o be the same as these words
The intro has a cool violin build up, the flow is really good and the lyrics are so in your face with a lot of attitude, which I like
But I’ve basically only heard it online
Personally I've gone to both KU and RUC and found that the level was about the same within the same subject, just different in teaching styles
You shower and then five seconds later you're sticky again
We usually use templates of old children programmes
Sorry Germany, we don't make the rules
I dream of Tuscany beign a German state every night :)
It's impossible to find a place in Europe where you can't run into a Syrian.
Meaning: "Danes are born with a beer in their hand"
This is including operation, maintenance, construction, decomissioning and fabrication
Yum
If you earn in GBP and your outgoings are mainly in GBP, it can be a bit artificial to say you are getting poorer.
I don't know what would be so complicated about that.
It'll continue, business as usual.
This place looks to beautiful
the only reason he's at the embassy is the rape claims.
When I see people try to buy a pack of cigarettes or a pack of gum with a credit card, my veins are starting to melt through the bones and skin.
The Danish (and probably also others) way: If salmonella is detected in a chicken farm, ~~AOL~~ all of the chickens are destroyed
Denmark and other Nordic countries has a welfare state but Denmark is very capitalistic
Not true, most jokes are against Sweden
When people no longer fear it, they stop giving it the respect it deserves
Of course, poorer countries have a higher chance of adopting marxist reforms but even with that in mind, how do you explain the conditions in Colombia and Venezuela or Mexico when those countries have significant differences in their economic policies?
Not gonna Lie
It explains much of the poverty but poverty need not lead to such violence or irresponsibility.
Probably won't do it again
Of course there's no need to go around worrying for your life in Germany or anything but numbers going up should still be a cause for concern politically.
That's between America and Europe.
Anyway, I don't think that easily accessible guns are good for anybody
If it's just a law rooted in the constitution then it surely must be possible to abolish said law.
I visited Poznan once for a tennis tournament
I do not want an European state.
Uhm
KILL MEEE
Scandinavian languages (Danish, Norwegian, Swedish), but not all Nordic languages like Icelandic and Finnish or local languages like Faroese and Greenlandic
Denmark tried to separate child marriages but had to abandon this because it "violated" international law.
* France: The culture and history speaks for itself
Does Norway count as a neighbor?
It would guess that Finland has a humid climate.
That's actually very nice to know as I like fancy food.
Sweden are unlike all their neighbors and have turned to the dark side of the bread for their lunching needs.
The term "särskilt utsatt område", Especially vulnerable area, is used
Probably many reasons
This variation is NOT the same as dialect (which includes regional grammar and vocabulary)
And they went "m'kay, the fines are still lower than the taxes we never paid
Det var også det vi kom frem til i vores opgave da vi talte med undervisere
Generally American politics and mainstream culture stands for everything that I am opposed to, besides there is a severe lack of jobs for people in my field, outside of teaching, which I by no means am interested in
so iyo where do you think this culture comes from?
The tale goes as follows: in the 1330s to 1350s or so Denmark had been invaded by the Germans (btw, recommend everybody interested in history to read the history surrounding this, its some GoT shit - literally a battle of kings)
I chose a dvd for tonight
Jeg kan være hvorsomhelts, nårsomhelst, og jeg kan slå dig ihjel på over 7 måder, og det er bare før jeg har fået min morgenkaffe og citronhalvmåne, men jeg er ikke kun trænet til eventhåndtering, jeg har også adgang til det meste af hjemmeværnets bøsser og karabiner, og jeg har tænkt mig at bruge det hele til at udrydde din sørgelige eksistens fra jordens overflade, din dumme knæjt
Although it does seem a bit weird to me at least, that while we in Denmark have a very
Like, a lot a lot
Whether these legal concerns are valid   will   probably only be known if the matter is determined in a court  of  law   .....Neonatal male circumcision has no medical indication
In general most of course just say WC or toilet
Its fucking horrible right now, literally feels like death
The irish famine is always left off these lists and I can never figure out why, however, after spending enough time studying and attending a number of universities and reading history, current literature only seems to focus on the suffering of the non-white subjects of the empire.
That Denmark had a upper house in our parliament; [Landstinget] originally, membership and the electorate was restricted, the bicameral system was abolished in favor of unicameralism
I am half Danish and half Faroese and I identify as both because I am proud that the am Danish and it is not every day people meet someone Faroese
Thankfully not, and it's very cheap too (compared to Sweden and especially Norway) Although snus is banned here
What is an "illiberal democracy"?
I think most people here would think they are bikes only or something
I felt bad for the other passenger who you could hear the annoyance in her tone when she gave short and close-ended answers back
No this is just the latest example of something that is a common occurrence with AfD.
Also *alen* (ell) I’ve heard before but it’s not used anymore
I love the fact that “alcohol dealers” exist
That diet, vitamins and/or oils can cure (almost) all diseases/illnesses
Monarchs are pretty good at insuring a peaceful transfer of power and that you can have non-political appointed judges and civile servants
He was removed as king in 1523, shortly after the bloodbath
Lad os håbe at amerikanerne svækker deres samfund indtil det punkt hvor vi kan invadere dem gennem Grønland, lol
They have sheep view
Miss me with that genocide apologia
That's actually true
The single-lane 'highways' in Norway with a 70kph speed limit get tiring after a while.
Appears to be the latest available.
We don't own Greenland, they're an equal member of rigsfællesskabet along with the Faroe Islands
I can have a pretty decent conversation with a Norwegian guy, and also a basic conversation with a Swedish guy
"You *did* hear about the prime minister
The foreign currency debt is 83 Billion.
Internationalism: Unity across national boundaries and active opposition to any form of nationalism
[Relevant webcomic]
Yes, but he's still a character in a fairy tale
world war, when a lot of them came to Denmark to avoid famine, as we weren't hit by the wartime devastation
And the reason it says 'as well as Denmark' is because we are not a member do to an EU exemption.
In Danmark Dansk Folkeparti had been waiting for a reason to implement border control
"... and one ring to bind them all in darkness, and one Pope to keep the ring-owner in check
The word "Janteloven" and the formulation of the the "Ten laws" was made by the Danish writer Aksel Sandemose as a negative description of the ethos of the fictional town of Jante - based on the real town of Nykøbing Mors in Denmark.
The original was so great exactly so great because it focuses on the youths and you really feel the terror they must have felt
We pay normal contribution by normal calculation to EU, and as one of the richer countries in EU we are among those contributing the most per capita.
I think outside of a language spoken by 30 000 people in the Caucasus Mountains and maybe another equally small language, Danish has the most vowel sounds, with like 25-30 different vowel sounds(There are 4-5 different ways to pronounce A)
I think Surströmning would be a better deterrent.
Finally caught the Russian version of Rasmus Paludan lol
Still "Kaupmannahöfn" in Icelandic, the language frozen in time
There was a map posted not that long ago showing which European countries mentions other nations in their national anthem:
No need for gymnastics - hence why they dont appear until 100 years ago
What do I keep from them that would *really* hurt
Like I wrote, I'm simply doing the math atm due to being done with my masters in December, when yes - I will start a different part of my life where making 30
Speciallægepraksisetableringsperiode  don't make me translate that
Don't know about kebab, but we win the falafel race:
I think it's because it's *so* tilled and farmed and so densely settled that even though it is certainly "far from anywhere of note" it still looks totally tame
I like that there's no apparent national borders and only some text legend, it gives it a more exploratory feel (If that makes sense
He actually took it pretty seriously after getting elected, which was a nice surprise for most as he was mostly voted on because people where pretty damn tired of politics.
The state can provide a legal marriage between same-sex couples
You'd only need to learn a few key differences and you should be able to approach it as if it was Norwegian
[Here] is the chief of the zoo very calmly and patiently explaining to an ass of a news presenter why killing a giraffe and having kids watch the autopsy/butchering of it was not a bad thing
Doing odd jobs, sharpening knives for people as "skærsliber" (translates to  cutting-grinder) or earning some money by singing and playing the harmonica as a "gårdsanger" (Tanslates to something like backyard singer)
No doubt the most popular band in the period was [Gasolin]
I have no idea what the etymology of apologism is, but yeah, it's weird that it means almost the exact opposite of what you'd think.
>The system increases access to poor people
I thought that was kinda weird, until I realised I have done the same with reading an article in bokmål if there weren't a Danish one
You sure it wasn't always run by children
Damn, I never heard about the masturbation part :/
I suspect it wasn't one of their busiest days ;-)
Can you expand on this point for outsiders?
Because the same thing happened in Dutch, it was *nadra in Old Dutch
Ok svensker
though I geuss that doesn't really help...
In any case, super pathetic that Europeans are so desperate to look for failures in the USA, when there are plenty to look at, at home
The UK for their music and tv-shows
Looooong Liiiive Krakowia, People of god!
Then she slept with him and he said yes, you can get all the land you can plough in one night
So breeding and selecting for a high concentration of the other compound might lead to lower THC levels, while making it a better, more powerful drug towards a certain kind of problem
Had the EU been a federate government, which I believe it never will because there are too many cultures and too deep a history, it would have been able to quickly resolve the situations.
I've never heard of anyone over here taking leftovers home from restaurants.
It's an enormous investment for many countries
It's because of the citizens' rights directive which dictates that if you're working in any EEA country you are entitled to the same benefits as a native
Calling a danish policeman a cop, would be the equivalent of calling him a strømer, strisser or panser
I understand the UK was paying too much into the EU and not getting enough in return
"A society can be (so/as) stoned
Cyprus is more developed
I wore as little as I socially could get away with, I was so warm
We had PostDanmark before which while it wasn't great was better than what service is now being provided
Damns for everyone
poor swedes
It has always been the wall
even the Baltics do amazing underrated things with dark lagers and stouts)
It didn't go away in my mind until I learned about volcanic hot spots and the formation of Hawaii, and not even fully then
Most famous is probably: "Et barn er født i Betlehem", "Dejlig er den himmel blå", "Det er så yndigt at følges ad", "Hil dig, Frelser og Forsoner" and "Nu falmer skoven trindt om land". He was pretty influential in the 19th century and while he is today mostly known for his psalms and the schools he founded, he actually also made the first full translation of Beowulf into a modern language in 1820 and from that point on was very inspired by old Anglo-Saxon literature
Me: dad, what's the most dangerous animal in denmark
You guys a brutal with those commercials, no punches pulled
Tisvilde: pee wild
We put a witch on there, usually made by school children
Again, yes, but this is the kind of cheddar which is popular.
You might see, in your care home, multiple high-risk individuals get sick with the virus and be totally fine with no sideeffects, and then that will subconsciously warp your understanding of the danger it poses
No, I’m not being hyperbolic
There might be a difference in how a town/city is defined, how much of the surrounding area is included in the town/city.
You are a victim of your government rewriting history!
None of those countries are European
), so you could exit through the driver's door and say thank you on your way out, but it's still not a thing
Therefore, and again, inevitably, conflict will arise, and B will seek independence from A. The only possible outcomes from this are 1
Probably Norway
But I'm talking about a language surviving as the main tongue of the majority of the population, not the supremacy of said language in every field
Denmark already cut the welfare for immigrants by 50%.
Bornholm: Sweden
Now I really appreciate all languages for what they each individually have to offer
Why would he believe that Germany would value his sexism
but not necessarily fewer deaths as it becomes much more dangerous.
You don't think 2 billion people living under economic hardship will cause an enormous migration to Europe, and with Greece not being able to control its borders another solution will have to be found.
A bit confusing
Jesus Christ mate, stop being so butthurt
The French use the base-20 system (4x20 2 = 82), that's archaic and awkward, let's do that too
He's just a moron
This was in Oxford
*comment intended to be read in condescending posh accent*
If you wanted me to learn more you should probably have continued the discussion in English (or German, French or Danish :)
The best representation of what actually happened
I live in Copenhagen, what
How so
Alright, thanks a lot for the detailed answer
"Positive" discrimination against one person is negative discrimination against the other
Personally I'm pleased by this, ethnic Danes should never become a minority in any neighborhoods.
She asked the king of Sweden for land, he said no
"No one is saying let's instantly create the Roman Empire, but let's just take a step towards that
Well, first, I'm pretty sure America has existed much longer than any of our cultures.
well to be fair danish is fairly close to english so its easier to translate 1 to 1
&#x200B;
In Grasse :) We have a big mansion there.
Of course
Seek cover (get inside a building), close doors and windows, and get more information from local radio/TV/Internet
You shower and then five seconds later you're sticky again
To conquer the bike, you must become the bike.
Disagreed, he does it to demonstrate how muslims act when faced with disagreeing opinions and how they tend to use violence as a measure to stop people from voicing these opinions
That’s cool was gonna go sometime anyways
I came to write exactly this
How does that work in practice
Perhaps your friends in Sweden met someone who for the first time had to use English at work and maybe was shy or something
agreed, "tryk" would be press or pressure
nutids-r (present -r), which is adding an r after verbs when they are in present tense
Norway: Thank you for A-Ha and just being so friendly and awesomeF
takes 13-15 minutes
But it has changed the outer 'spikes' of the virus
My school had a tunnel system that lead to a small bunker
It is perfectly doable, but the downside is the reintroduction of inflation.
I agree that fascism and communism are both disgusting ideologies and racism is already banned.
Except for Norway
Sure he will be physically behind for some time but it doesn't fuck his life over or anything.
I hate those fuckers for being so damn cheap, that I cannot *not* fly with them ...
Everyone here gets teached at the same level, unless you're part of a private school
It's 10 here too which is nigh useless
Do those movies feature trolls
And now they censor our internet
Oooooooh, you mean the *other* Jeb
Have you considered making it red and white instead
First thing is a trade embargo.
With the only exception being that Italy is still, sadly, a bit backwards when it comes to LGBT rights.
we're just the sea weed on the northern coast of germany and france
That's what capitalism is all about❤️
We do have the Faroe Islands in addition to Greenland
The point is that the minister made a big show out of declaring opposition and disagreement with Trumps sexist attitudes, going out of her way to prove the point that a foreign nations leader is sexist.
I would have thought you would be like the UK and Australia et.
They don't think a country without border control is a real country (I guess)
If she comes up against Fillon, who doesn't seem all that more popular than Le Pen among the left, it wouldn't take *that* much.
In Denmark you may not fly the Danish flag after sundown, as that would mean you fly it for Satan
Says the guy coming from a country with names like: "fjaðrárgljúfur"
It is a 1,5m boar fence
You must have 2 % of your total population in your national subreddit if you wish to honor your obligations to NATO.
That doesn't make sense either
What a weird combination
Both of these will invalidate the argument being made, and must be pointed out no matter what "side" you're on
It's funny, because in Danish it seems to be English influencing Danish
its time for the EU to grow balls and say no, cut off turkey.
Sadly, the thing that makes me know where Sarajevo is located is that it was where the Temple of Nod was located in the Tiberium Wars series
Roskilde is due to the Roskilde Festival, as well as the viking ship museum
I hardly covered it in the modules on Danish history, we only had about Danelaw with Denmark for less than one hour during the bachelors and not at all during the masters  and in all of my history books about Danish history, its barely a footnote
It would be like if Germans had Swastika flying flags
Greenland is part of the Kingdom of Denmark, though mostly independently run in all matters except foreign politics
Zealand: Copenhagen/Sweden
Thanks
Hvis man ikke skriver Aalborg, burde man udvises
Corrupt judge is corrupt
I want to see a map of how obedient each country is in following the speed limits
Germany will be coal free before Poland, I guarantee it.
Danish has a similar weird spelling but we still don’t have it
My flair is not a lie maybe you just haven't realised every single adult dane thats not from sjælland doesn't buy into the diversity bullshit and actually acknowledge the huge problems mass immigration creates if you really want a shocker go look up some mogens glistrup info
I’m a little embarrassed by the fact that it gets so much attention and money
I personally think people who have the strongest dialects (really quick to put a finger on) are Copenhageners, North-jutes, people from around central Sjælland, like Næstved, Bornholmers
This must be while watching it on TV...
> 5% 401k match plus additional 3%
All jokes aside Sweden is a cool place with lovely people.
It's just happens to be the most confusing part of Your lovely nation
That, but also a lot of tech stuff
>Im pretty sure it's illegal to drink while riding a bike anyway
Turns out it was a cannibal Mads Mikkelsen all along.
There has been a weird housing market on the west coast for some years, where properties plummet in value as the shoreline slowly creeps closer.
Definitely messed up
We have right winged people in Denmark who aren't racist bigots
I'm entitled to it - I always wrote it isn't worth it TO ME
When i was younger they spoke english, then i learned english, then they started speaking german but my dad is really bad at that and now i speak german too
Start pos definitely very hard
They are not wrong
A couple of years back a friend and I hiked from Trondheim to Hamar along the pilgrims route, we're both experienced hikers, with good gear and weren't even lost, but the second the weather got even a little bit bad we kept having norwegians stopping in their cars and offering a lift or waving as we passed their houses and inviting us in for something to eat and some shelter
In 1945 people still thought the USSR were good guys that was helping again the bad guys
You have to drink every time he trips over the skin on the floor
there is definitely not the same level of irony
If it is devolped in English, it's usually better than the translated version, due to jokes being lost on translation, or just things sounding stupid
Oh absolutely
Coming from the *other* bicycle-obsessed country, I'm proud of you, Germany
Everybody in Scandinavia adores Finland
You left out Eastern Europe, Europe is bigger than the US.
You support state food bread lines too right?
Here in Denmark we have to learn about Shakespeare if we take high school English at the highest level
And I don't really see how any key cities are missing, isn't every European capital represented
Legislative authority shall be vested in the King and the Folketing conjointly
For the wedding there's thing's like cutting the groom's socks, the groom taking the bride's stocking of only using his theeth, the last kiss when either the groom or bride leaves the room everyone rushes up to get a last kiss, there's the banging on the tables under and over which means the bride and groom have to get on or under the table and kiss and then the guests stand up cheer, drink and sing, which is something that happens randomly during the whole day/night
The Norwegians come to Sweden for cheap alcohol, the Swedes come to Denmark for cheap alcohol and the Danes come to Germany for cheap alcohol
They just raised the taxes so a pack went from 6 euros to around 8
Why on Earth would they
I kinda get wanting to protect it
I'm actially sort of interested to hear this: What is the prevailling view of Atatürk in Turkey at the moment
Ay, I remember a butcher swinging by with half a pig (including head, tail, feet, ...)
What happens if they win them
Our national dish isn't exactly something you'd usually buy off a food truck
Same for Danish - and there's no similarity with how the letter a is pronounced (the vowel sound in "cat" in Danish and the vowel sound in "car" in Norwegian)
Ægypten / Egypten - Egypt
If I could ban all pedophiles and murderers I would be happy
Most of what I know of from my country is for kids
UK: But i'd still like to use the weights and the shower
You are not an independent country, if you are part of an independent country (the Kingdom of the Netherlands)
Or can they book the permits in advance, in which case some agencies might still have open spots?
I think it ok to state clearly that EU is a democratic club
Fuck
We have one of the biggest populations of deer, where it is not uncommon to see herds of 70, even 100 deers just grassing next to the road
I'd be scared to have to routinely park a stationcar in Copenhagen, let alone an American "truck".
We don’t get any
The first example builds on the idea that there is a genetic difference between races, which is objectively true
He became the secretary general of NATO, so I guess media snug it under the rug.
That's... not true
Look at arguably the strongest man who's ever lived, [Zydrunas Savickas] a lithuanian powerlifter and strongman
And just pray thay someone like Trump does get voted right?
Why the fuck would _anybody_ think that I'm a European official, even if I was - this is a _personal_ account
At least I reccently hear my super leftist friends admitting that we can't freeload and expect influence at the same time.
I guess that they refer to the Battle of Stångebro, but as far as I can see this wasn't really an invasion.
Don't get me started on how much I hate the way we put pineapple in our own juice as soon as anyone dares question anything about Denmark: "_But it's better than [somewhere else]_"
These are MY personal contributions
I don't think I'll be able to make it.
what if catalonia becomes independent (civil war)
Artists like Birthe Kjær, Johnny Reimer and Peter Belli
the official reply from the zoo was "taking advice from the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria, it did this to prevent inbreeding as the zoo's giraffe breeding program already has enough animals with similar genes "
The parliament are voting no to everything
They usually come with a lift, although sometimes they also use ladders
I'll probably look for danish comments if I have something to contribute with in a country specific question, but other than that Ioften skip danish comments
Lolland, the entire island of Funen for literally being a bridge between Denmark and Jutland, Western Juland and Southern Juland for being like Alabama
USA has always been a bully to it's surroundings and only a beacon of hope to their own citizens
It's really difficult piecing that stuff together
And the pictures were aweful
Most of the Swedes I have seen in Copenhagen seem to have discovered that
The past contains all sorts of nasty developments, and while contemporary society is ripe with problems such as internal contradictions, crisis, alienation and exploitation, I can hardly think of a period in the history of my country where it has been _better_ than it is now
- It really shows it's size
EDIT: [Example video]
We weren't in on the Hanseatic League.
Are you saying /u/Flashgit76 did, or you hit mine
why
But i would be open to living there for a couple of years
Yeah, I think the divide between rural and urban is pretty universal
It's made a bit complicated by the history of FIFA, though
But gun culture would be different in Norway, UK or Romania anyway, there isn't really a common European gun culture, it's more that the gun culture in USA is so different from anywhere else in the civilized world that it may seem so from there.
Erdogan just did something that didn't piss me off, what is happening here?
yeah you often find deer (and hares) near houses (think summerhouses) far from cities
Nor can they pass into the parts of Europe we somehow ignore?
Not sure if they have special stories but I'm fascinated by article rebracketing: *apron*, *adder*, *nickname* and *umpire* are all examples of article fuck ups
How should we know what and for what reasons other people say to you without any kind of context?
> they are silent as the grave
"I am out on the island in the river"
Adam's Apples for Denmark
It's because the leave result takes MASSIVE changes of just about any policy in the UK.
Then it would be much easier to get a deportation agreement with them.
I generally don't like all of those "FYROM", "The Democratic Republic of who-gives-a-shit" etc.
"So we have chosen to create a system, where you have to hand over, a little less than what you did before
From what I've seen in Southern Zealand, Denmark, it is at most 3-4 for women, and 80% for overweight men
It takes writing effort to make it nuanced, and it's difficult to gauge how much the audience need to be told who to sympathise with
But if you're happy, then that's good I guess
But when it suddenly stopped speaking English to you and error messages in German appeared you knew that you had triggered a severe bug
You are not really overselling the place mate, otherwise i enjoyed the rant.
Basically every country, where it was needed to preserve vegetables through winter does it
They're actually not recreated, but have been moved there from all over the country.
It seems pretty clear the EU wants to get this done, and pretty clear Greece needs the bailout package
Don't think I've ever seen or heard about anything happen to anyone
Not at all
Get on With the times Germany
What about northern Jylland with Vendelbomål, strong western jutland dialects
In Denmark, for example, it's basically our version of sixth form for the smarter kids (we're there from around 16 to 19), whereas in Germany it's for much younger smarter students, and is more like secondary
Edit: Should point out OP that QWERTY and QWERTZ aren't the preferred way to tell keyboard layouts apart
You might have better roads than Norway, but you're still a bunch of uncivilized ogres, the post is accurate.
I second Utøya
And along that event was a bunch of Danish media attention to the Islands, which eventually prompted the Prime Minister to try to "reopen/renew" relations with the Islands
1028-1035 King of Norway
You’ve had it long enough
Iceland was damn hard to find
It automatically calculates the price when I scan it while exiting the vehicle
That's really more because the US' electoral system is fundamentally moronic.
I would like to think I don't take up that much space that people can't avoid knocking into me in stations, but perhaps I have a warped self-image  I knew I shouldn't have gotten my mirror from the Tivoli Fun-House
The thing was that it was not made on background of the recommendations of the health agencies, the government had simply lied to the rest of the parliament, when they said they had that, in order to lend credence to their policy
its cheap and fast
I've often met tourists who come to either Copenhagen, Århus or Odense, and expect to use one of those cities as a "base of operations" in order to see the whole country(Barred Bornholm, because it's as remote as it is)
If I know EU they will just rewrite what defense means to their needs
Berlin terror attack: Lorry ploughs into crowd at Christmas market killing nine
Having to work in an office when it's around 25 degrees is not fun
Watchmaker’s saws are cut on pull, but I don’t think that’s what they’re using here
I don't object to any US president, really.
We started doing stuff with the mink and killing mink several months ago
Rolig: DK calm, SE funny
Lars Tyndskids Mark - Lars Diarrhea’s field
Our foreign affair minister, Per Hækkerup, got drunk and then basically gave Norway all of it
Are invisible Germans trying to steal your bikes again
I think this might be the only point where a slavic, a germanic and a romance country meet
Maybe it's been "damaged" by overtourism since then
Customary law played a much greater role in early Scandinavian legal systems, than did Roman and canonic.
I really like the cold, I love snow, I am going to miss it since it kinda seems like inevitable and it makes me so sad that even though I try myself so hard even by donating money to causes and keep recycling and telling everyone I know about it being a serious thing now, things only will get worse
Between 2001-2011 and since the election earlier this year they've provided parliamentary support to the right-wing government.
This was the first hit that popped up
No snow in Denmark either
A better world _is_ possible
So yes, firearms are deadlier than knives
I’d go with Spanish, Arabic and Russian
But no such bill has been passed.
Why is he standing up when there are clearly free seats
Coming here to study or live, sure, but a vacation destination
Although not after the EU has dictated this aspect of course
Sweden - using the German letters ä and ö is a clear sign that somebody is Swedish
Edit: [Example] of how such roads look
Having control of their own currency could have mitigated a large part of this
True
Really doesn't make any sense, does it?
The Netherlands
I have actually tried that
January, February, March, April, May, June, Juli, August, September, October, November, November, November, November and December
- Yes
Det er mere sådan at det føles når man hører dem snakke
Hey all
The sexual revolution was happening and on steroids, and some felt that children to varying degrees were a natural part of that
At least that'd be the argument a lot of people would use I suspect..
It always seemed weird to me how France is such a cheese country yet you don’t have cheese slicers from what I’ve seen
I am sure you have
Ottomans, Muslim influence and Russians is the holy trinity against economic wealth
Both regions have equal population sizes, and have historically always been rivals
That is some first grade rambling
It's the path of least resistance.
John gik gennem en mørk skov til et værtshus kun for at finde ud af, at han har glemt hans penge
_Full disclaimer before you read my comment: I am an ardent socialist
I would take a car as far as Hungary, Croatia, most of northern Italy and Southern France, I would fly to Spain, fly to the UK, fly to southern Italy and Greece etc
The hatered was great and well earned
Sveikinu
Okay, those foreign people are just assholes then.
I like it, because it makes me feel special that i grew up on a farm while they grew up in the city
It's not just that Europeans are better off than in Africa
And i like to visit my deceased family
Yes though I learned it pretty late at around 7
It's a kind of throaty effect on some words as it's phonemic in speech: _billigst_ (cheapest) vs _billist_ (car user) only really differ because of _stød_ as the G is silent
Excellent
I mean it is technically true
Et vår (one cover)
Helsingør / Elsinore
It's not like modern *has* to mean ugly, it's an odd allowance we give these buildings for no reason
I can't imagine they spent *all* the time sleeping at night, but we made sure he was well stocked up on condoms, and had faith in him being a reasonable young man
You just remember them like you remember any other words
The goal of the project has always been to get Swedes travelling south quicker out of Denmark
Close :) I'll just translate it word for word:
Closest relative is France, but we added further layers of encryption
The german troops in north-west Europe capitulated effective at midnight 5th of may
A very young danish girl did what twats always do
I imagine the writers focus on events that give them the opportunity to show the character developments and interactions they want
Honestly, from living in Copenhagen for 10 years, my experience is that many Copenhageners think of their dialect as "standard Danish" and 100% subscribe to elitist bullcrap, even when they claim to be left wing
Before that I imagined all of Italy being beautiful
>This leadership sucks super much, let's vote for something else
Weren't you just above arguing that it totally counts when creationism is taught in private schools in Europe?
-Refugees that haven't been processed yet: they live in camps with lot's of different cultures and traumatised people.
Oh god yes
Empire and that was making them respectful to other ideas and believes
Hey, I have been there
And now, suddenly, people are outraged
Richest country in the world
Toscany in general is just magnificent
I can import my entire spend history into budget planners if it's all on cards - in fact, my bank does it for me now
Yeah, there was something about the British colonizing the world at some point
This is the best comment I’ve seen online I think
Oh no
'How about we balance a house on two beams on a medieval bridge, what could go wrong
Things really picked up from there
With the greatest opponent of federalization out of the way, the road to unity is much, much easier to travel.
Speaking of, Sweden as well should come back under their rightful rulers
cool :D
Pasta kopi, eller kopi-pasta
" *This is however not based on specific areas, but depends on the kind of incident
That’s wonderful then
If so, then yes and no
I don't want them silenced either.
you dont become a cycling superpower without.
Example: 60 is in Danish would be tres, which translates to "three's". It originates from tresindstyve, which means "three-times-twenty". Makes sense, 60 is 3×20
Saying it is unrealistic is the same as disputing the laws of physics, it's just how things work
In Denmark, tethering is capped at 50gb but there is no cap for mobile usage.
We call it “politikerlede” or “dislike of politicians” here
Norge - Norway
Mainly because they probably have the most amount of countries speaking them, and I plan on someday riding around the world on a motorcycle
Unfortunately I think it's a losing battle
It took about 4 of the 5 years to get good enough to have people tolorate my danish enough to have a convorsation with me
Does someone say pesh instead of pest
Almost seemed like a huge media stunt, even though it wasn't.
If you do not understand portuguese it is not nearly enough
They derive from *naperon*, *nǣddre, ekename* and *nonper -* it should have been "a napron", "a nadder", "an ickname" and "a numpire" today, but enough people misallocated the "n" for the mistake to catch on and change the word
we (my class) also made beer with him
But according to my friend from Lolland, there, they throw all the first year students in a lake
Hvor er du fra
Is the most pointless statement one could possibly make.
We have this thing called "neighbor help", which is a sign you put at the road so thieves know that even though the owners ER gone, there might still be a neighbor watching
Oh do Bulgaria I want to send it to my friend please
A bag of tomatoes
to be fair, the trip itself was awesome and something i would like to do again
At that age you have to make you own decisions.
in a new country and then blame everyone around you for not accepting you as one of them
Most of the time it lasts until summer of the next year
For anyone curious the deal to approve the trail was made between Venstre (Liberals), Socialdemokratiet (Socialdemocrats), Dansk Folkeparti (Nationalists), Liberal Alliance (Liberals), Alternativet (Greens?), Radikale Venstre (Social Liberals) og Socialistisk Folkeparti (Socialists).
Rarely, it's only five times a year-ish
Really brave
Spanish, French, Russian, English, Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, German
The current version is from 2011, but the author is currently working on a new edition.
I'm an "anti-NATO"* Finn, AMA
Again, don't know if other countries have that as well
But TACV is pretty cheap and works fine.
If you are asking in Swedish and they understand, they are likely going to reply in Danish
Do you pay for the your GP doctor in Sweden
I can only applaud but isn't the Netherlands really terrible on green energy
It's like British but
Sausages
Norwegians are usually easier to understand as we share more words with them than we do with the Swedes
I really enjoyed World War 2 in Colour but thinking back on it it also seemed to be skewed towards the American agenda
They'd need 50 bollards absolutely everywhere that people congregate.
I still think about it every couple of months, made me absolutely terrified
>(Don't mention nynorsk, let it die)
Get back in /r/Denmark
It is near sankt hans
Like it did in the Balkans after the break up of Yugoslavia?
> London is also barely representative of England and feels like a foreign country at times
Greece must be ripe for lots of cheap solar.
You're right, that's two sentences
Erdogan dont want any refugees either.
Respect the local values
They are just as controversial as Isreal, but would make a much better and loyal NATO ally.
Thats wrong
Do those movies feature trolls
I honestly see both you and the baltic countries as part of the nordic countries
9 from mainland Germany bordering Denmark
Just because you believe that if you wish it strongly enough the world won't have an impact on your country doesn't make it true.
That is just sad
This is where I cannot keep up
#Flatlanders_unite
In reality North Korea is just a monarchy, and it is extremely authoritarian making it difficult to even say wether it’s left or right leaning
>they are a great tool to warn the public if there is a catastrophic event
I once had an easter lunch next some very senior Hells Angels, we got there as they were finishing up lunch and then they har like 3 or 4 bottles of snaps brought out
Snake is slange in Danish, and orm is generally considered to apply to worm :) but orm actually means any long creature without legs (including worms, snakes, dragons, you name it)
624 vs 625
If you are a Christian and visit the Danish church, maybe you will notice that many of the psalms that are sung, are written by an author called N. F. S. Grundtvig
wow so the cool thing is to skate and wear baggy clothes
I've just googled OECD and 2060, I can't find the report you're referring to
Endearing, yet hilarious
>I don’t like it when people say bad things about Poland
But I don't see why they should be critiqued for being creative with the native resources
Similar to when Sweden needed help in the same conflict, where Denmark was later criticized for Operation Hooligan bashing.
But what is being called fake news isn't all fraud news.
French, German, and Swedish politicians making laws in Denmark?
I don't think there is any chance of it being legalised soon though.
I'd wager that a campaign from SRFÅ+VK, DA and FH could get us to 45-55%, as these EU elections always seem to turn out
It comes from a Maersk ship that lost a handfull of containers in the Christmas storm.
The parliament is in a deadlock.
We have *kejserrige* in Danish or *imperie*, but *rige* is a general and broad definition same as realm in English and reich in German
We'd be better off without that cunt
Dubai is even worse, except in Dubai you have overpasses instead of underpasses
It's minus -4 in Esbjerg, but according to my app, due to wind and humidity it feels like -14
Other than being occupied by the nazis for a few years, I think Denmark has had its sovereignty since the kingdom was founded well over a thousand years ago
> The argument was that it is part of being "danish" to shake hands, regardless of your background or believes
His solution also inculdes cutting almost all other government walfare programs.
Somehow I suspect it ends badly.
They also sell a large share of vegetable seed like beet seed and that sort of thing
I think you're right
Progress dies, when we start to, in this way, manufacture consent for capitalism within the socialist movement
At parties we play a game we call “Dåse” (translated “can”), where 2 or more people compete against each other in breaking a can in half with their hands, in a karate-chop kinda way
Government was dissolved in 1943, and the post-war government made an ex post facto law that banned working for the Germans
When his policies were compared to nazism (which is a fair comparison if you ask me), he just turned it around, and called the interviewer a nazi for asking such a question
However, most people assume you use Gmail
But that's super interesting
It was accepted into the Danish language in 1948 officially, though it had seen use for a few hundred years before that.
Some people are just blind
[Official website of the project]
We live in a socialist cupcake-loving communist hellish society where we pay all our money in taxes, and everyone can't even own an assault rifle
It blows my mind that if you google Copenhagen, you will just get 500 images of that street
With a name like that you can’t not be a Wizard
But we have a lot of other nice places to see
Dude I was just pointing out OP messed up translating the name
In Denmark we spend 3 weeks on the campaign and that's it.
It should eventually pay off, given how much faster eastern European economies are growing, compared to ours
That looks amazing
Don't bother
It’s about the same price in Germany and Poland
The announcement elimination of Roaming charges has already gotten rid of them in much of the EU with companies offering packages allowing for data to be carried over to nearby or even far off EU countries.
Edit: to follow up, here's an article about the Czech style side-pull faucets, with a quote about how quick they can pour three of the mythical 7 minute pours in just 11 seconds
Fuck PostNord
Forget about our version of liberal when im on reddit (American influende i suppose)
Drunk me says definitely
Sure they mock everyone, but I don't think they think of it as a money making machine, they have to live under 24/7 protection that's a huge price to pay.
I don't have a a catchy sentence for Danish but it's the opposite
Like, *in theory*, the House of Commons can only operate lawfully when the royal mace, dating from the reign of Charles II, is present at the table
At least the name will remain, that's the important part
Why do you have get to up so early?
In one scenario, they both pull a knife, while in the other, they both pull a gun
You could say, that Wales is the last remnant of pre-Saxon Britain
Well
Eventually he became so jaded he would just step on stuff on the ground that looked suspicious, to see if it would blow up or something
The fact that we disagree with Russia and Turkey doesn't we have a lot culture inn commen with them.
That's some scary elevation right there
As long as humans are born and as long as those humans use money, or just want things, it will continue
Christian was himself caught in this, as a child through the brutal upbringing by his noble tutor which only worsened his condition, and after he succeeded his father at the age of 17
There is charm to the Balkans
This do only applies for EU or EEA citizens - for Non-EU and Non-EEA citizens you can not get the money from the government or study for free
Each day they drink a new christmas beer, but since the entirety of the show is recorded within 6 hours they just become more and more drunk with each episode
I'm sure you are free to move to Venezuela if you want.
But you should make it legal to pay a doctor, hospital or whatever to do it then.
Don't want that sort of wankers here
We have a very wierd relationship to our flag.
That could also be your wife/husband
Never Sweden tho
my gears froze solid over night on my bike
What you want then is Norway, but it will be a big problem to get visa and you might not want it as much as you think.
But yeah it'll probably not be that different from the (pretty high) number of British migrants living on the continent now.
Until you called it a deli counter I had kind of forgotten they existed as the shops I usually frequent don't have them
It started out as a joke, and people would play along.
I guess the "Do you have a knife on you
Or "i know who to kill tonight"
even featured in danish television
It's better *if* you can afford it.
, but even then, there is a pretty long history of intermingling
Greenland is so hot right now </fifth element meme>
I don't think they had the budget for a color camera, let alone a wheelchair
That is horrible news
civilians action going on back in the 50s. Were they inspired by Hungarian uprising
It comes from Norse "aukanafn", i.e. "ickname"
the shapes are expansion or contraction of scope, which coincidentally happens to allow to fit the wording inside.
In those days we had guns on the other side as well - consider it a trade tariff
Then Swedish (I speak Danish they speak Swedish) again because of job, Norwegian (I speak Danish they speak Norwegian) friends, then German or Russian during travel or work
Aarhus just got a tram line which was also several years late
I'd say both her and Mo Farah are Brits, but it really it comes down to how they chose to identify
It's a thing that takes generations to develope
Where is this taken from
* Biogas: 3,1 %
I actually don't know
Here is [a video] of that particular street even
that's an oversimplification and a half, isn't it
Soon 2020
They want a minimal-state instead of a Welfare-state.
Being a NATO member has nothing to do with it.
I guess because it’s a lot cheaper, and probably just as good
I don’t really feel like it counts because it’s literally a children’s song
takker - plural
"The     one absolute indication for circumcision is scarring of the opening   of   the foreskin making it non- retractable (pathological phimosis)
She still has the power to do this, but pretty much only on the condition that she'll never use it.
Yeah, Sankt Hans aften in June
Bonus info: In the upper right corner, just south of the marina, where the coastline seems smudged, is the famous, yet always disappointing [Little Mermaid] statue.
3 Years and 6 more General elections
Yes, my god
It's compulsory, and so is Ancient Studies, where we learn about ancient statues, epics, poems, etc
Yeah compared to what I’ve seen from years of being on this sub, I feel like we actually don’t have that much regional and dialectal variety compared to most countries
- The amount of inhabitants aged 18-64, who is not employed or signed up for an education, is above 40%. Counted as an average over the last two years
In Denmark, we don´t really do anything
Bu-da-pest
Det lille hus (the little house)
I follow developments in Belarus pretty closely and each Sunday 1-200
Yes it does, my bad
And we also never heard anything about the vikings and the wars between denmark and sweden, and so on
but they also didn't really have an answer to the difference
Defending against speculation is just one purpose of having your own national bank.
But that's always rather heavily been outweighed by the EU not wanting to accept the UK idea that they can leave the EU while still retaining the benefits of membership (namely free-trade with the massive EU market)
Every liberal democrstic country should boycot it
Brunswick will join this magnificent campaign and create a new glorious Germany!!!
That's exactly the comment I was looking for
I have a massive danish flag hanging on my wall in my room
Not OP, but mine is an odd case
Garlic sauce is pretty common, and kebab sauce with kebab pizza
Anyway it’s a whole shitshow, but it’s definitely a popular and controversial subject at the moment
As a joke, but still
I think the Irish tax policy is by far the largest impact on the EU ️
I've heard a number of stories from my colleagues about how back in the day they knew some guys(not the same ones) who would be useless after midday because they'd be so drunk
yep
Maybe but why would the now independent UK without britain not try to squeeze London to the last pound.
**Eastern Jutland:** Kinda like Zealand, but with an accent
Of course the ultras will cause some problems but it will help football in the balkans as the leagues right now are very weak.
Fillon is more of a traditionalist.
Fine - but you won't get free trade.
This of course doesn't mean that that people don't share
" and while the "Zuidelijkste" can look a bit complicated to a Dane, if you try to "sound it out" it makes perfect sense
At the same time you get to jump around the whole process of surgically removing their breasts if that is what they are going for.
In Danish "selleri" can mean both and it is not readily apparent what is meant if that is the only word used, which is why we have specific words for each ("knoldselleri" for the root, and "bladselleri" for the leaves), so recipes always specify which part is meant.
Wages are determined by employer and employees and he will fight against any politician trying to disrupt the flexibility of the Danish job market.
America going with the swedish approach
That obviously also means I have no interest in dictating smoking laws in Spain or forcing through migrants quotas or whatever on Belgium.
Yea it's so weird
Fuck me, you're probably right
Exactly, Romans were great engineers and could set up a rudimentary camp quickly
Sure
We had a referendum in 2000 on it too, and it didn't pass.
well Oslo
Electromagnetism
Her response was not as I expected, she seemed a bit offended and just responded “nej, du MÅ ikke” = “no, you MAY not”.
Din satans djævle øboer
However, then I remember it’s because the rest of Scandinavia hasn’t produced any original humor for a couple of decades, so I forgive them
The seller is responsible for handling warranty claims.
In Denmark autumn is the only season
Der findes ikke dårligt vejr, kun dårlige klæ’r :D
Even among the older and maybe somewhat religious people it's not really an issue though.
People in Copenhagen like to ignore the fact that they also have rural areas, and that Jylland also has cities
Some ppl overstate the "Celticness" of Galicia (despite its name, it hasn't been Celtic for nearly 2k years, and even then, the Celts didn't originate there), but still, Galicia and Wales-Cornwall-Ireland are all essentially neighbouring regions from a nautical perspective
All Danish government debt is issued in Danish currency, and the trillions of pension kroners invested abroad ensures foreign currency is flowing to the central bank even if there was not a huge trade surplus
Which is understandable really
After high school (most people graduate between 18-20), young people generally start to prepare for it
There's also a lot of problems associated with it though.
Is this what it sounds like when a swede speaks danish?
NATO expanded because the countries that were finally free of the Soviet yoke wanted to join, so that they wouldn't once more be put under Russia's thumb as soon as Russia stabilized again
I don't think it will be long before we get rid of that as well
It's worth remembering this, when we look at war other places in the world
It's easier for everyone concerned
Voting no was something that united left and right wing voters becuase it would only benefit the center.
I agree that Estonia is probably pretty good yes
Yes, it is physically possible but the economic side of things make it an impossiblity, not to mention that the carbon emission resulting from flexible nuclear power would be comparable to that of fossil fuels, which kind of defeats the point
Which is even sadder and funnier because it couldn't be further from the truth
The whole "naw it's okay it's okay, let them do what they want, don't make them angry, it's okay" led to a gigantic clusterfuck
Sweden not even worth mentioning, because where are they anyway?
So you need a NSFW but visiting Reddit is ok at work
I realise that this was a joke, I really do.
In a war with Russia, there would be no victory no matter what, only MAD.
No one is suggesting to support gender equality here.
\- Denmark
that everyone just completely close up after finding their group of friends during education
Japan trades with all of the world and they have no nuclear weapons
So, they are doing well what they do
&#x200B;
Another silly thing is this UK dream that they can be free of EU regulations and mandate their own with new trade agreements now
I'm looking forward to seeing what the outcome of this little linguistic experiment will be, once I have translated these words
Not so much going to the area, that I always recommend, but eating there
Mange hilsener
Using written language as a determining factor for whether or not something is a dialect is bad linguistics, if anything, that might be the least important aspect
We will of course have to switch out "Russia" with "Europe" and so on.
Really it is the end of the Ironage and the beginning of the medieval age - but they did not call them selves Vikings
Again
I'm strongly considering putting the Christmas lights up around the house
Took a Swedish journalist for a ride in his submarine, only to [murder her and cut her to pieces] before dumping the body parts in the ocean and denying knowing anything about her disappearance
Here is a spreadsheet for the Danes on how the Danish MEP's voted:
I am kinda surprised how people keep not getting why other people are angry about us taking refugee belongings, when that really was what we where trying to signal.
No Santa
Not really, in Denmark a gram of hash is like 7 or 8 euros.
I don't think it would work in modern times since monarchs are more figureheads than rulers of the country
I would say a songs from Gasoline or Kim Larsen  ( Danish national musician ) would also be on this list
As a massive history freak with a passion for churches, this is honestly affecting me way more than I could have ever imagined
It is the single most useful thing they are ever going to need in math class, since Excel is something you are most likely to actually be going to use in future jobs and studies
As a dane i dont like "rugbrød" (rye bread)
A little zoomed in [here]
[In Danish news today] is that attempts to return just four Afghan asylum seekers has cost the Danish tax payers more that one million DKK (about 134.000 €).
Ah ok
Our comma was botched completely when the slight modernization that was attempted caused a backlash so now we have two official commas: one archaic and comma heavy, and one slightly less so
if i was in a situation like that, i hope i would be brave enough to do that.
Scandinavia may actually be freer than the united states by some standarts.
I think we Danes are the only ones to hate him as much as the poles, as he took a third of our country.
It is one of the few brands I have stayed loyal to since childhood
They're a pretty popular Danish band, but mostly popular with 14 year old girls, so I'm not really the stereotypical listener, being a 19 year old guy
I'd guess Norwegians do too, because of them being under Denmark during the rivalry, or maybe something to do with Swedes working in Norway
Only those who helped electing that moron.
And yeah I get where you are coming from in regards to travel time
The question is more about the increase of snus in Denmark
Yea
The most cited one is wait lists, but we have to remember that this also applies in the US, difference is there it's the rich who get short wait times and the poor who go completly without
Most Bacardi Breezer-type drinks since I didn't like beer back then.
Close, very close my Irish friend
In the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, asanas (postures) are mentioned only around 3 times
**Thybomål:** Æ tri'bør
GHASP
Norway is ridiculously rich
In regards to the your middle quote, yes, but that's not what you're arguing
I have read too many creepy comment threads to not lock the door at night
It's not like they're the only ones doing it
Them removing Danish as an official language, even though Greenland is part of Denmark and Danish is both the lingua franca and first language of 12% of Greenland's population, is laughably petty and frankly should not have been allowed
I'm at work and have no time to type it out, but you should look at Jared Diamonds book "Guns, Germs and Steel" as it attempts to answer this question
Its about allowing people to travel in the country not immigration.
But I’ve basically only heard it online
[Øresundsregionen/Greater Copenhagen] should be a yellow ball.
In Danish both are common gender: _solen_, _månen_.
I totally support your wish to be able to buy alcohol at all times from normals stores :-)
Answer: Ok flexer
Using written language as a determining factor for whether or not something is a dialect is bad linguistics, if anything, that might be the least important aspect
You drink booze, freeze your ass of and eat shitty food like the rest of us in Scandinavia - and you fought the Russians like men
Historically it absolutely is though
I probably considered the "hippy" reputation and in my mind that was conflated with being a bad reputation
Correct me if im wrong
Still is to this day comrade
Denmark surrendered after a couple of hours of fighting, and a cooperation government was formed that actively urged the Danes to cooperate with the German occupation soldiers
\*sigh* it's been more than 20 years since I was in St
Glas(s) DK Glass, SE ice cream
The cops jumped in and drove off again, and the tackling girl handed the purse back to the victim, adjusted her sunglasses, and strolled off in the other direction
Rasmus Paludan
It's hard to translate, because it relies very much on wordplay and doublemeaning, but it's basically:
6 times as many Brits applied for Danish citizenship in 2016
Sorry, you're gonna have to figure out something else
Right until your brakes give out
He did say that the money was to be spent, not to be saved or used to pay off debt.
Regardless of where you were though, No one would say anything
Why continue exploring oil in the arctic with its huge environmental risks
The guy is irrelevant now, so thankfully none of his nonsense was ever considered
West, south and central Zealand has its own distinctive dialect as well (in the northeastern part, its really just standard danish)
but Denmarks MP was *for* the new proposal and he just waived all our letters away, even going so far as to call us out on his facebook page calling us "Internet Pirates" and "Communist Hackers"...
Uh, cuz cars are big
The bad thing about if they don't if that natives will resent them and consider them foreigners.
Other than that, and the Scandinavian countries, I'd probably have to switch to English
In Denmark it is not so much the type of store that matters, but where it is located.
The Danish flag is a crusader-banner which our kings just chose to use as their personal banner (with or without the consent of the Church), so it's a bunch of crosses
[German and many other European countries]#Overview_of_national_identity_cards).
Many of them are coming from Africa.
So "Little Britain" is in fact a pretty appropriate name
Do demographic changes account for the other shifts?
But the only really distinct dialects I can think of are lollandsk, Sønderjysk and bornholmsk
Guess i am a bit weird
It's basically North Korea at this point
If warm, the light jacket can be removed.
For example, a few months ago me and some friends were playing CSGO, when a Danish guy was on our team
It's a woodraulic press
yes
So if Putins favorite does not win wouldn't his old favorite Le Pen win?
I've never been overly sympathetic with A.
I don't think you understand...
I gotta admit, I'm in [this] camp, more than anything
The church and the tower are obviously still extant, but the houses aren't.
It is pretty funny
No one, not even the commenters who humor you, have shared those delusions.
It will be more than a decade late
Sorry for oversharing, it's just hard not to
There are a lot of Danish dialects, I'm just lucky to be from one of the less notable ones
He’s narrated some big documentaries in recent years
But most people should not own a gun.
[Here in Danish.] It essentially says that foreigners in Denmark actually have a birthrate lower than ethnic danes.
It’s a kind of ID “code” you get
And then: Suddenly you remembered
Last time I talked with him, a little over a year ago, he told me he rather wants marijuana to be illegal because otherwise he would earn less money
I've also been to Russia and people seemed to appreciate being approached in russian but then switching to English.
I'm embarassed for my country
For international students there are some extra rules to be able to get the 800€ a month, like you have to work 10-12 hours a week
The dutch can be in charge, wth assistance from Northern Germany and Denmark
*Austrian
Danish, swedish and Norwegian = Tak (spelling may differ)
I actually do it myself hanging out the window - slightly dangerous
They also sell a large share of vegetable seed like beet seed and that sort of thing
I had to tell him in English that I didn't understand him at all, and he just switched his dialect and I was like "WTF, did you just start speaking Danish?".
So spanish teenage boys will have to use a VPN to post on 9gag?
They also dont want the regulation of the single market.
I guess I would go for Swedish for the third pick
Source: I live in denmark
It's nearly half your comments in this thread
The referendum ended up being between "EU" and "Who the hell knows", which is ridiculous.
I suppose there is not need in arguing semantics, or even ideologies
Ideally it would be around 15-18 in the summer, and if i want it hotter i will travel to it
Last summer I was on vacation with my Norwegian gf and her family
Røget ørred i Rødovre
Or historical
UK: I want unicorn
That's an intriguing connection with a country that is otherwise viewed as rather alien
I don't know haha :D only been to sweden once, and my main memory from that is getting a horrible, horrible food poisoning from my first and last time having sushi, ever
I know people who drove 200 km (one way) to buy a washing machine in Germany and apparently they saved money
Guns and Gun laws
That's the reference for the echo
Sadly your politicians are so confused on what they want that they haven't been all too constructive
Where you can get a company to give you a job basically.
Seems to me that the american fellow just got himself a regular good old-fashioned german
The interesting takeaways I could find.
Everybody in Scandinavia adores Finland
The thing is regional identity is not that strong in Denmark and the way we vote is more based on rural versus the cities in regard to left vs right leaning.
yeah i know someone that puts three sachets in at a time
"Torbjørn Olsen denies EVERYTHING"
~~Hardeknud is considered a lengendary king by most people~~
because we can buy it here everywhere
When Bjarne Riis won the Tour de France, the French ambassador to Denmark spoke at the celebration in flawless Danish.
But I know my granddad only wore his on his gradutation day, and he graduated around 1945-ish, maybe a year or two later, can't recall
Except we burn a witch on a big bonfire, and then we sing some songs about it
Ireland: 5
Kolding, because it's my home town
Great choice, my favourites have to be Tap7 and Weihenstephaner though, when it comes to hefeweizen
I felt so much sorrow being there, and I think it's so good of germans to show what happened back then
Danes tend to hug close friends goodbye - no matter the gender - so I'm cool with that.
It has it's own restaurant and cabins with beds
You swedes broke it up probably because it was spearheaded by a danish monarch, why couldnt you guys just chill
Both are pretty toxic and volatile.
I like Risengrød, but used to hate Risalamande with a burning passion
I want to compare numbers with Fyn
The last one I picked up (maybe a year ago, I think), was at around 23:00
"Half three" is 2
To say he was purely an angelic or devilish figure is a distortion of the facts by any standard.
I mean, gravlax is just sort of what salami is to pork or other kinds of cured meat
We call everyone by their first names
Trump is an idiot who will tank the American economy, Mexico and Europe will lose on that too, but can compensate some of that by opening for more trade.
I don't think that people here view the other Universities as worse than Copenhagen
Men gid de gjorde - mit engelske er en smule rustent
You can have the whalers if you return the north sea oil money ;)
I don't have a a catchy sentence for Danish but it's the opposite
'' feeling, they should be assured that there's people ready to defend and keep them safe if need be
There's a huge difference between a car crashing at 110 and 200
Now our government has just made it mandatory to wear masks in all public spaces and not just transport
I was supposed to go to Rotterdam this year (for Eurovision), but now I hope to go next year instead, I heard a lot of good things about Rotterdam
Secondly, many student live there, so obviously it has a different atmosphere than the rest of the city
besides that you can get buy with norwegian and swedish nothing and i dont give a shit how much people think german is useful here its really not 99% if the country dont give a shit about german
Wait, I wasn't the only one who was triggered by the blatant  Danish/Norwegian conflation
Well sure, but then their parents came from the outside.
we dont let churches inherit our money and shit
But before the Swedes conquered Skånelandene they were danish, but were assimilated
I see so many Swedes here and they are always a cheery bunch and great drinking companions so I certainly wouldn't mind more integration between Scandinavia
Here's a Danish translation of your example:
Some people replace HP sauce with bearnaise sauce, those people need their heads examined!
comparably large amount of control that the Swedish government had over Swedish industry _into_ the 1970'es, it's not a stretch to apply like I did
If you want to get someone's attention and you don't know their name, you just say, "Undskyld" (sorry/excuse me) or "Hallo
I think its because wine goes more with dinners here, than beer does.
Yeah oil helps a lot too, it was more about giving tools to avoid the pasta sticking together, which really isn't that hard, spoonful oil or a splash of cold water, basically fix the problem.
I can recommend this movie if anyone's interested:
The most recent thing I can think of would be when king Christian X caused the Easter Crises by dismissing the government in 1920 without approval of parliament, in an effort to get approval for his plan regarding the reunification with Schleswig
but the scary thing is that he means it and it works on the Turkish electorate.
only danish sites i visit are computer related or related to regular news
The UK has chosen not to seek anything like that, effectively severing ties *completely*, but I don't see why Scotland wouldn't be able to seek EFTA membership, effectively putting them in the same situation as Norway.
Bookmakers give Macron 13:8, Le Pen 2:1 and Fillion 9:4.
Mads mikkelsen nailed it like jesus on the cross
The area of old farms are often measured in *tønder* (barrels)
now, the officer then took the passport, went directly over to an officer with a bigger fancier hat than him and gave him the passport
First off: How do we understand the term 'socialism'? Do we understand it in a Leninist way, as a transitionary phase between capitalism and communism
The term varies, which is why I specified Denmark
In all fairness, I've never heard of telegram until just now
And don't get me started on the swiss/Danish flag comparisons and mistakes
[Kilroy] has adventure tours catered to young people with english speaking guides.
16$ billion on the homeland security department.
Religion would probably have been a better name, as we didn't just learn about Christianity but also other religions
They've given all the racists something to rally around.
So would that be before or after the snaps
Let's chill and watch a chilly movie in a chilly place
Nice and quiet with lots of nature
How is toxic a Persian loanword
Sadly not a lot of love for art deco around here
It's a huge news story in Denmark atleast
Yea
I always take off my shoes, also in the Netherlands - is it not normal here
Even though it is few people, I really wonder what made some people improve their opinion
When I was in **Sweden** last time, one thing I really liked was how their cafés operated and how huge of a culture they seemed to have around just hanging out there
Pb - Bly
If invited for dinner then the expectation is often that it will be ready soon after you arrive (but depends on the time of day).
Our tapwater is near perfect
Norway used to have similar numbers
How many terms can a Canadian PM have?
We do that too, only the amount we get is more than double
Most houses will have another source of heating at the same time though
mobile translate has the option to translate from a picture, which has saved me a countless amount of times
Ketchup is Germanic tomato sauce.
I am suddenly very, very interested in watching the Eurovision the next time it rolls around
I think that countries like Germany or France are big
"But my religion allows me to chop my sons penis in pieces without asking him"
It is *not* subtle
I don't know if it has become passe to belong to such organizations in Europe
I think we have a lot of interesting stuff going on at all times, so it’s a fun little side-hobby
As you can probably guess, I am mostly centre-right, but I believe the key to a successful democracy is one, where everybody's opinion matters, and thus comprosises is at the core of the process and an extremely important part of how the country is run
I'm staying inside for as long as I can today
First Germany then America
Also, the Eurostar is not included *at all* in the Interrail pass
The whole idea is a massive step back from what we already have with the panels on the roof.
So walk
Yikes
Luxembourgish: Very little, can guess the sentences from some keywords in the sentences
We also write compound words as one word ('bildør' for car door), but a lot of Danes have started splitting up the compound words in Danish, so they would say 'bil dør', which is wrong
Thanks
No Sweden is a democracy just like Denmark, what are you on about?
We have one of the strongest local archaeological traditions in the world, and it really shows
“OUR bike :))”
For the average EU country USA doesn't rank that high in trade, it's only when seen for EU as a whole.
After high school (most people graduate between 18-20), young people generally start to prepare for it
Could be the reason, otherwise the Russian news channel is just full of shit.
* James Damore (Fired from Google for providing scientifically supported feedback to an affirmative action course that asked for feedback)
Because democracy is non-negotiable.
Then it's up to me to fulfill their immigration regulations etc.
I just want to add that the standard vaccinations are free
Cu - Kobber
You forgot to mention that it was in student housing
QWERTY with Å added after P and Æ,Ø added after L
the issue isn't them not wearing a helmet.
A lot of you are commenting "one flight wont change anything" and while that is technically true, it's also false in the long run
Belgium probably has more horizontal land than Norway tho
Crap this is depressing
It perfectly illustrates your tendency to judge who's dangerous and who isn't based on sweeping generalizations.
Selling your own organs carries more risk than selling other people's organs
Kids coming home from camp
Bornholm is not a region though, it's part of the Capital Region
Beer, fries and EU-institutions
It about naming all the states in 10 minutes or less
I live in Denmark, which generally gets warmer summers and milder winters than the rest of Scandinavia, but this summer is exceptional for all of us
We don't really have a choice afaik
Do right-wing extremists attack random women
Furthermore Erdogan has many supporters in the Turkish diaspora in Europe, and he probably hopes that some of them will vote.
UK is also becoming increasingly irrelevant for the world economy - for the same reasons.
Although liking Swedish products is treason, every Dane does it
I think stress and lacking sleep is very common here, although it depends a lot on where you live, what you work as and your general lifestyle
Certainly not in Copenhagen
Most big cases there have been in the news, have been when police have discovered trucks or containers coming into the country
almost /r/AccidentalRenaissance
Denmark has changed so much since then
It was more, why letters like J and V were seen as English, when they are common in most other European languages, especially since O, I, C, A, E, H, etc
Surely some things we today consider Spanish and part of Spanish culture came from or was influenced by the Muslims.
This was really spot on and amazing to watch :D
I've been to Russia and yes you have the same alcoholics and drug addicts as the rest of us, but the women in general are smoking hot.
The world doesn't blink in large part because words have been destroyed
I'm so frustrated that "regular people" won't accept the fact that other regular people actually consider close European cooperation and even integration a good thing.
I wanna add some things:
Is that weird
He was later executed, but hey, that's what you get for flogging your employees
Or an old one
I mean, if you care about the Viking age, especially in relation to England, most of that history has to do primarily with us
Beacuse in Danish its stuff til "dogfaces and socialdemocrats"
>Boiling point	3134 K ​(2862 °C, ​5182 °F)
For one, your country's history overlaps with ours
We have very different ideas on what grown men look like
Rasmus Paludan
though i dont recall how often they gotta pass
Everyone relaxes when a serb enters the room.
Pan pan y el vino vino
If I had to choose the most catchy one it would be [Køb Bananer (Buy Bananas)]
Is it half-trice or half third
You do realize that gun shots cause the tissue to expand, right
Draft based armies are for survival type situations.
This is like calling every slavic person a Russian since they are of slavic ethnicity
I am quite happy with my disposable income
Will old ladies or other people who just see it happen?
He was in his 50’s? He really had no plans that day, but decided he wanted someone to speak with, so he went to the desk
Bragging is VERY frowned upon here
Royal authority shall be inherited by men and women in accordance with the provisions of the Act of Succession to the Throne of March 27, 1953
Exactly also a shout out to Vlad the Impaler
Yes Varde Artillery museum is the place
They are sovereign countries, and while they are partial some aspects of European integration, they are sceptical of other aspects of European integration.
Rugbrød (proper dark rye bread) Used to hate being forced to eat it as a kid, now I long for it when I travel outside of the Nordics
The fact that the American society is *overflowing* in guns does nothing good
None of that sounds bad, just non-mainstream
I would expect it to be different with the EU because the whole thing would have one united chain of command.
My teacher teacher tried to tell me once that Colombus discovered 'Murica, despite the fact that we're living in the country that actually did
I understand less Low German and Bavarian than Dutch
Oh yes absolutely, Texan and Oregon is not different at all.
That's not a nice way to describe Bosnia.
Danish teens also got banned from booking winter holiday trips in Prague for a while.
they had a great value price for salmon in føtex, but all the other great offers are at netto
I think my favorite German movie is Die Welle
Blow up pigs (puste grise op) is the funniest I think
Yeah, that interview isn't nearly as bad as the title.
How does “deærjøwt
Whatever the reason something has changed how some people perceive partial or full nudity in public or semi public situations
But I often go visit mom and dad
walk onto the bike paths
I mean sure, humanity would then have lots of time to colonize space or invent weather machines or something crazy, but our environment will then be literally on the clock, and there's nothing we can do to reverse that kind of damage
That was the idea, at least
Legalise marijuana
Literally the same thing (a crunchy meatball), but the name is the most significant cultural divide of Denmark
Danish Hygge
It's also way less addictive than smoking and drinking, so if you make sure to only do it on your days off, then it shouldn't be a problem
"Ø" is "island"
Lots of smaller cities you can fully explore in a day
Especially the Danes and the Swedes kept mocking each other in the opponents mother tongue and then ridiculing the others attempt at the same in English, while the Norwegians answered either of the other two in Norwegian regardless of what language they had used.
I figured a lot of it is just nostalgia jerking but it still sounds kind of interesting
Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued guidelines for 45 countries where Danes needs to take extra care
They just don't have funny names like Morgenstern, Goldmesser or Krankenzimmer
The salami IS vile, tastes of salt and fat mainly.
"To
Money has to come from somewhere, so unless Denmark regains Norway and its oil-money, I don't see Denmark doing it.
We also went to south France to talk with occitans
It would be interesting to overlay this map with a similar map of carbon emissions
000kr each month - that's higher than the national average and a decent wage to start with as someone with a master's. You would have 19500kr post-tax in most cases then
For everyone's information, /u/darmokVtS is correct
They are tricksy bitches
at least until 1943, when our grand coalition government stepped down because they refused to introduce the death penalty
But it’s not the highest point in Denmark proper
Faxe Kondi is legendary in Denmark
The way we say 50, 60, 70, 80 and 90
Gunnuts arguing that their amount of easily accessible guns has nothing to do with homicide rates or school shootings
I think on average, there's about a 20% chance of a white Christmas here
Ag - Sølv
I'm sure you can draw even more comparisons
Britta Nielsen
But I don't get the same enjoyment as when I walk
The sign didn't last many days before it was stolen
Aalborg is more harmless but many also describe it as a bit boring
It's pretty unbiased and teaches us about all the major religions of the world
The Norwegians are the ones, they should worry about.
My daughter and I only asked him to teach us this summer
Like Elvis Presley playing rock and roll and getting much more recognition than the black musicians he was ripping off.
A lot less than it used to
act could reasonably be attrib-uted to the fear or excitement produced by the attack
His songs are great at parties and during festivals, but that's about it
So he was a morally ambiguous figure that valued Marxist ideals more than personal freedoms.
Me: it's hard brexit then
Funniest shit I’ve ever seen
Ohh, yeah it's not like we memorize them either, but you just get very used to hearing and reading them in the news and stuff (probably also beacause of the EU) so we just asumme that abreviations like those are countries, and then you can guess your way to the specific country
I remember they used one in Skam
The amount of times I've gotten into discussions with Americans who just couldn't see that their reality isn't mine
What would you recommend
Legit everyone was staring out the windows enjoying the brief moments of sunshine before it retreated back behind the clouds
Why-ever would you put that in quotes
Man of culture I see
Just hover over someones name for it to appear
I'm at about 57 degrees north
It’s still being debated/discussed in public and media 30 years later
You need to shut it or we'll stop producing bacon for you
I always thought it was funny
I was purely talking about in terms of language
That's still pretty common here in Denmark, at least in the area of the country I'm in
Oh and en/et is also the word for then number one
[Excuse me
From having German in school, we learned about your school system a lot
really
So one random redditor = all of Europe, bit if an simpelfication mate
The point still stands; You have a completely arbitrary line of what *you* consider free and you can argue either way on each and every example
We did *not* ship all our best bacon and butter to you for the past 150 years just to come in seventh
What is it you don't understand
) on pizza
A typical Polish Catholic fundamentalist bigot i would consider far-right, yes
Another of my ancestors was known as the "peasant tormentor" because he flogged a servant to death after catching him stealing
I didn't really know how to react
Jyder
I've actually only been to the viking museum in Roskilde when I was in primary school, and I can't really remember much about it.
But to expect that a religion changes it's moral code is the opposite of freedom of religion
His name is Holger Danske ;)
It's easier to get the stuff prescribed here, that's why more people are on it.
> As a matter of fact I do
And they are already putting up scaffolding
Maybe that had been for the best.
A law was just made where police had the authority to take valuables like designer clothes from “young brown men who misbehave”, as our PM so lovingly called it
that's pathetic
You can save a location by marking it with a star.
Mostly it's made by mixing a little bit of 'soured milk' (tykmælk - it's kinda like yogurt but thinner), a lot of buttermilk, vanilla, lemon, and sugar
The more recent and very welcome addition is a bunch of new bridges crossing the harbour
They want to change gendered pronouns into neutrals
Lets try not to jump straight into another financial crisis just because the fatcats know their heads aren't on the line.
I can understand going to war with Isis and such because they want to kill us, but fighting our neighbours
Thats pretty impressive :)
There are a lot of changes I'd *like* to see, but in practice?
Do you know one which plays well with European news, and possible multiple source languages?
Another contender
We also joke that Denmark should go to the river Eider in Germany again
(Can’t say most of us enjoy having to be taught 2 additional languages)
Bluetooth is named after harald Bluetooth and the logo is his initials in the runic alphabet
oof, I'm not even Italian, but this annoys me on their behalf
So that is just a silly idea to try and "make ESA more popular than NASA".
It's certainly-- challenging
My friends was in Izmir just this week and said it was perfectly safe.
While the men were out, Ebbesens himself dressed as a farmer and snuck into the city and into the home of the count
They actually have very high security standards
Very true
Over at r/Denmark, a question like yours is very common
If civil war broke out in, say, France tomorrow, between right-wing nationalists and Muslim / left-wing militants, how quickly would it spread to neighbouring countries and turn into a European-wide civil war?
are there a lot of muslims by name that don't really practise the religion?
It lowers people's IQs and damage their memory
Yes, I'm currently in Gymnasium (Danish high school) where we have an obligatory class called Religion on the second year
What do you mean when you're talking about 'Europe' and 'European'?
It was, though
I have yet to see it follow me much inside though, except for themed days or graduations
Dinner for One is also a tradition in Denmark
Jacob Mark from SF
With Far meaning Dad
What do you love us for
We also have Jolly Cola which for many years was more popular than Coca Cola in Denmark
Depends on what you study
Unless that title still goes to England
Having control of their own currency could have mitigated a large part of this
Never heard, nice
Let somebody whos smarter then me, CGPGrey explain: []
US isn't any better, they've invaded, and commited war crimes.
I wish we had a national day that we actually celebrated, and a cool national dress
yeah no, literally never seen or heard of it before
I haven't seen den i mange years, and selvom den er nostalgisk, så have it not aged so well
It had the equivalent of 284 tonnes explosives
[They'll do it anyway, until they die if they have to.]
That's why i like the model in my country so much
yeah, they died by accident when the leadership mismanaged a sickness outbreak and some food rations where diverted or lost, as I remember it
But we also have weed, beer, and hookers :(
They have better growth rates than most EU countries and the external debt is not worrying.
Speaking of, Sweden as well should come back under their rightful rulers
One of the first things I cover with my expat student is that, yes, even being 5 or 15 minutes late is rude in Denmark
She must have had some savings or other stuff that made her ineligible
3 weeks (occasionally 6 weeks) is just the norm
Jordegern (Dirt Squirrel) - Chipmunk
Every smoker who want to be more discreet is probably going to use snus more often since it's easier to hide
You guys are 18 for light stuff like beer and 20 for hard liquor (buying), we’re 16 for light stuff and 18 for hard liquor
That's definitely one likely reason but prudishness or something like that may also explain some of it
Seems to have worked out fine since both of them seem to enjoy getting tipsy, but don't like being roaring drunk
It's a major thoroughfare for people trying to get to other places, so it's often very busy with tourists (well, normally) and locals alike
Both based on fairytales by Hans Christian Andersen
Men det gjorde du ikke, det kunne du ikke, og nu får du tilbage, med renter, skige idiot
Why would a person from Croatia decide to learn Danish?
Everybody here loves Norway
TIL Dutch people are Lamas
Using our flag everywhere, especially on birthdays
Thank you for sharing
it's less messy, and perhaps cheaper for the regime that way.
Nordics as an arbitrary group?
Du har kun lavet en enkelt fejl, som rigtig mange danskere også lavet hele tiden - nogen vs nogle
I've heard that the police can go to your house if you made an offensive post in social media such as facebook and twitter?
Maybe the answer lies in old norse
It IS possible
Our healthcare system is good
I like the general idea of EU and used to be very pro-EU but I think things have gotten silly in the past years.
Actually it is about as much bad news because the amount is so low.
I live almost as far from Copenhagen as I can get
and water fights afterwards
&#x200B;
Is that really "throwing a fit"?
Funny
To be fair, the size of Russia requires an entire map dedicated to it.
The women not voting seems rather extreme, though ultimately that is up to them
The fact that different peoples feud with each other, or more precisely, that different people wish *seperation* from each other, is attested in more or less every instance of history
They have plans to open another 25 restaurants
way too many danish people thinks its perfectly fine wtf
I have a friend whose grandmother is Polish (so he has basically no relations to Poland at all), and he still gets called a Polak
Danish is one of the languages with the highest amount of vowels (and sounds in general, but especially vowels) in the world
didn't do anything illegal, he however used some legal loopholes to save money on taxes.
ELI5
And then comes the distance from friends and family: and while I'm sure that _if_ I ended up in the US, I'd be able to find new friends, and perhaps start a family of my own, it'd just be weird having to travel more than 15 hours just to visit my sister
You could pour thousands of euro into that system without actually getting what you were going for
I pretty much never uses it because it's terrible
Is it free to call the police and report a crime
I disagree - it'd be considered cheap to keep it for yourself, but it'd  be considered more cheap to not bring your own to the party
honestly, i dont really know
Thanks, I will do some research before my next trip next month
>I doubt the Jutes considered themselves "Danes" by 950
Politicians constantly criticize the "current system" that they're in, because that's basically their jobs, and they don't get "thrown in with Stalin and Pol Pot" for it, unless you're advocating from a uniquely extreme platform
I was really happy with her appointment, back when, except for the fact that she had to resign get party position.
>The whole world celebrates our national holiday
I just googled it -it looks kinda creepy lol
Half of infinite is still infinite
Edit: okay sorry for asking
"Hey come on, it will be great and everybody will love os for it
This here sounds very hard to do, but I try it anyways
Got curious due to this thread:
Most people need more to get by.
Det er enormt sødt
It would probably cause the British to come by and bomb copenhagen again
It’s put together from bits and pieces (depending on the version) and written in a very old prose hundreds of years ago
Chicken is by far the most popular but the traditional christmas dinner does include stuffed duck
I started again 3 months before the summer holiday and I couldn't worry less
You can book a day trip from one of the tour operators on Maafushi.
Eh, you could also grow way more food and vegetables than many places in Northern Europe
We have nothing to prove, anyway, so why try hard
So it's a concern :(
Swiss cheese in a ham and cheese toast, italian on pizza etc, know your cheese and use it in the best possible way
Im sure people will stop voting for him when they see how reasonable our views are
Look at that distance to Sweden :,)
None of what you describe above (analytical skills, wider political implications, ect
Anywhere outside of Copenhagen, mostly
For centuries it was either in union, occupied, or a part of Denmark; and for about a century in a union with Sweden.
Something as serious as child sex abuse deserves more than to be a side note, used for a bit of drama before the story moves on
All Danes speak English so communicating will be easier than France or Germany where english is less common.
Voting blank is voting for fascism
We get the kind who have read *The little book of Hygge* and enjoyed watching *Borgen*. Thanks
Never caught anybody at it though
In Denmark
The Coldplay song "Yellow" has the line "your skin and bones" which sound like "jeg sked en bums" (I shat a pimple) in Danish
I know most of them would have taken it very seriously 6-8 months ago, but now the situation has normalised enough to the point where they feel like boredom outweighs fear over something that is actually cause for that fear
It’s the 2nd time they’re doing it, but I see it becoming a tradition to watch for adults
It only requieres you fully embrace danish culture.
You're part of the community
Someone else might have gotten it wrong
The only band that sings metal in Arabic and they include traditional sounds as well
So there is a huge commuter effect
So, when we graduate academic secondary education when we're around 19, we drive around in an open truck all day with our classmates, while stopping at each kid's parents' house to get snacks and drinks
I get up at 6, take a shower, and then have breakfast around 6:15ish
It only became illegal in 1980
Pro-EU, but still has the balls to tell them to take a hike when they get a bit too excited in Brussels.
Nobody really dislikes Fyn (region)
Do you have a point other than stating the obvious
This
Well do you know what happened in 1349
You have ruined it
It's harder, but it's not impossible
Luckily enough, there only really seems to be 2-3 numbers calling me from time to time, so they just get added to my list of blocked numbers
The sun barely goes down and it's summertime, and the weather is fine
If the rule is closest Capital to yours I would say Denmark would be the one
More importantly though, "Anglo" is shorthand for Anglo-Saxon, which comes from the Angle and Saxon tribes of northern Germany and Denmark, both of which are Germanic.
I joked about moving to Norway earlier today, it has been 25 degrees all week here
If it didn't, it would never succeed
> No flying cars
Same here, unfortunately we barely even have winters anymore it seems
> political independence
You're getting upset because you know it's true.
All that shit about Denmark during the presidential campaign is over
Everyone is getting dumber by the second and no one gains anything, not even the newspaper
The Alt Right, however, is not a person, nor is it an organization.
I feel fragile and very mortal
Hmm, one of my best vacations was in that area but that was quite a few years ago
In Denmark, and from what I gather also most of the civilized world, circumcision of female children is already illegal
By that logic any country with less than 100% are uncompassionate hell wholes.
I'm guessing it's very similar to German though
It was crossing from from the Flemish region to the Walloon region
While I haven't experienced Eastern Europe that much, I've been to a few countries like Poland, Serbia and Croatia.
Don't forget the thorsfejde
That is not illegitimate
This is a subject we aren't being taught about in school since we trying to let it slide past as something that happened but doesn't happen anymore (which is true though)
Oh yeah, that's it
My dad (who is 82) can't really speak the dialect anymore, only a few odd words
The Australian home crowd then celebrated wildly with flags - and with a tired voice he added ‘a popular winner’.
In general, but if you look at certain areas it's different
It should be noted that those numbers are for Norway
EU: For the pony or for the nothing
You can still breathe and it's not nearly as "sticky".
They're not even old-fashioned in the typical sense, since they weren't common with the older generations either
Yeah, I've been actively avoiding the newest series
A shame really, since the food will just be wasted
Just shows Norwegians are the most likable
Well there is an idea anyway, a nun would be the perfect disguise.
It's really sad because I've seen nothing to indicate that non-Roma Romanians are any worse than any other group.
Government was dissolved in 1943, and the post-war government made an ex post facto law that banned working for the Germans
And why you are using a strawman.
They head for Europe in boats of so poor quality, that even though European navies often pick them up as close as 5 km off the Libyan coast, we simply can't save them.
But other than that, we have overall been spared.
This is the way the noble Danes measure the great wrong, the black injustice that was done to them by the sinister Swede.
Nice - we still have the 50øre here in Denmark, but it's pretty useless
Your oxygen mask is fogging up
Birdshit on my windshield is pretty much fascism
It almost feels like the air is some semi-liquid thing when it's humid and hot
Denmark is pretty anti-EU outside a trade union.
Im currently in transit in Panama, and keep getting thrown off the internet (and Im also typing on a kindle which doesnnt workk s great).
Idk but your countrymen are moving here at an astonishing rate.
Sorry about that
But I'm hopeful
) are the traditions surrounding the hat:
The women are smart, they just import
For me I find it easy to understand Norwegian Bokmål and to a lesser extent Swedish and Dutch
I fully agree that the words must be used only when applicable, and if someone calls you out for using them too lightly, indeed you should think about whether they might be right
If the point is getting the most travel distance from where you buy the car to where you sell it I'd probably look into buying it in Greece.
We only went there to protect a Swedish outpost which was being shot at...
The only weird numbers are 50, 60, 70, 80 and 90 and they’re just part of the vocabulary
None of that sounds bad, just non-mainstream
no its not, this is what happens when the brake system fails
It seems like a sort of self-segregation to me tbh.
To get a userflair, depending on whether or not you use old or new reddit, there are two options:
So it's only if you have Russian IP or have it been fixed
(said more like Huw) If you have an accident, this word is more than enough to say: Sorry, my bad, everything wrong, apologies
Then they scooped out whatever lard was caught between her cheeks and determined that to be a pound
You posted it in response to something saying that doctors in America have a financial incentive to continue the practice, and that other doctors in other countries don't. Also that comic is depicting a brit milah which is a legitimately fucking disgusting practice
I thought we were bros Iceland :<
Hell yeah
Yeah, I don't necessarily think it's incompetent PR, they're maybe just too afraid of really asserting themselves because eurosceptics would say that it's "EU propaganda".
chemical pesticides are more lax), to worker rights (lower minimal wages, fewer union rights), or personal rights such as LGTB rights to marriage and sex change.
Work (lots and lots of questions regarding the working conditions, employment and unions).
I'd be happy with a Rønne/Allinge-Sandhammaren bridge or tunnel.
* "At kaste perler for svin" ( To throw pearls at swine) - Means when your or others, smart/good advice(s) aren't appreciated
If countries like France, Spain, Italy, Netherlands, Poland were to follow UK and leave, it would ruin much of the unity that has characterized Europe post ww2
Palermo is a bit "dirty" for a major european city but it's not some shithole either.
Although I remember back in the 00s when Team Saxo Bank was one of the mastodonts of cycling and Danes were worshipping Bjarne Riis and the Schleck brothers
I'm surprised we (Denmark) do so well.
Now how are we going to reweal the Swedish spies
Yup :)
Every year some news media will always make a short article about ridiculous new names that made it to the list that year
When I used to engage in youth politics (Thank _fuck_ I don't do that anymore) it was extremely prevalent
Denmark, I realy should get one of those flags
I can barely even recall a handful of people throughout my life that didn't have a middle name
I agree with you that social democratic parties has drifted to the right, with an notable example being Tony Blair and the whole third way socialism.
It stays on the side of the road for a week though
5 years
Haha, jamen det kan godt ske
Exactly the same in Denmark
Det kunne jeg ikke lige nå at gøre :P
We do use them regularly
Uhm
Hmmm, I can think of a couple that really aren't great, and sadly, many of them more or less continue to this day.
] No matter what, it's ridiculous propaganda to even try and spread
Nah, I’ve never encountered that
Danish and can confirm
I'm surprised Iceland isn't lower
Their voters are probably mostly the elderly and people living outside the larger cities.
They also asked the public to help by turning in any pictures/video from the scene, or if someone has potentially relevant information/observations.
to my knowledge thats the only diallect, everyone just speak “rigsdansk” or they atleast try to(sjællandere og jyllændere)
Why would you take solar panels and put them in a place that causes extreme wear and tear, is filthy as hell and where the panels can't be angled towards the sun.
Or not
Hviderusland
Just like celebrating Christmas despite being the most ardent atheist oneself still reproduces religious aspects
*Spoken* Danish is an entirely different beast however
the us election was strange because they got it just about right overall but completely missed in the couple of states that ended up deciding the election
Why has noone posted [this clear and very relevant explanation](
Not exactly “no other languages”, but rare enough:
> there are whiskies produced on the Scottish islands which still use peat within the malting process,
> It was common then for schools to offer extracurricular activities like marksmanship
The North Atlantic is important and will only become more so in the coming decades
This is heartwarming, tak svensker
I shower in the evening so the routine is "come home - no need to go somewhere - shower - home clothes - pyjamas". I also have specific clothes I wear for DIY projects or garden and I always take my shoes off in the hallway near the front door
Kalmar union only happened because of a Hansa happy king.
On the same note, thousands drown trying to get here because the eu says theyll take everyone in, how does that fit in your view?
>he does it only to provoke
That's interesting, but yeah it probably boils down to language
But if it actually doesn't achieve that much, wouldn't it be better to find a crowdfunding project, that actually would, so people not only would feel like they help changing something, but actually *would* change something
i hope so too
Men jeg har aldrig hørt nogen bruge lort
Rasmus Paludan's entire "campaign" (no other words are in my mind for it, other Danes might correct me, please do
Use a condom if you do
I agree, but to say that she doesn't have an opinion at all is likely wrong.
Correct me if im wrong
The only one I can think of right now, is a bar in Århus called "Bar her og der" which both means "Bar here and there" as well as "Just here and there", which is a common answer to say when people ask you where you are/have been
Uncovers bad public spending
Advise parents that the current  medical    consensus is that routine infant male circumcision is not a   recommended   procedure; it is non‐therapeutic and has no medical   prophylactic  basis;  current evidence indicates that previously‐thought   prophylactic  public  health benefits do not out‐weigh the potential   risks
Because Denmark is not included...
I thought every country used their flag for birthdays
I've driven past this area once
*Realizes that Denmark, in the grand scheme of things, is a Hufflepuff
It's say, they've never been in a tropical hurricane
Sweden also has the largest population and I kinda doubt the other countries would like the Swedes to determine their politics when the Swedes are the ones who stand out in the first place.
Funding for startups is a big Achilles heel on the European startup scene.
We don't have lockers in Denmark
Erik af Pommern was born in Darlowo  and was king of Denmark from 1396-1439
I was not aware of the law, and the idea of asking the family for valid travel documents never entered my mind.
They need butter
As long as they help refugees whose lives are in immediate danger, why is it a problem if they *also* help others?
Those are called "floder" in Danish
i cant go and find "the thing" i get buy in almost all other supermarkets (there's some exceptions of course) because they mostly got private label stuff and a lot of obscure german brands
Italy
However, I now live in Copenhagen and here you can go your whole life without getting a car, or even a driver's license
I think it is just a much a rural/uban divide as a regional divide tho
Yea if flourished in the West, because they paid for it.
Rome
Safe to say you love Italy
The lazy people just use a stencil saying "BASARABIA E ROMANIA"
> Don’t pity May
That allows me to do business with ~80% of the world’s population
We have this thing called "neighbor help", which is a sign you put at the road so thieves know that even though the owners ER gone, there might still be a neighbor watching
That looks beautiful though
Not quite twenty, but still living with my parents and have my girlfriend over all the time
It's harder to understand than, say, someone from Stockholm
Literally run by children at this point
^^I ^^love ^^it
I hope for this, as the only paths toward international influence
Suddenly changed my mind on Danish defense expenses.
Criminals drive around in big trucks, cut up locks and dump them in the truck to sell
Except in USA half the population and politicians don't.
Our "rivalry" has been memed so much that I feel people would be dissapointed if we did not keep it up
I don't think they can, and if they can it's only becuse of he accent.
Beans, tofu and the like is a ton cheaper in the UK then in Denmark
"Atheneskolen" is not a part of gathering gifted kids
Growing up, my father (Who i lived with for most of the time) cooked
You bake the pizza without the veggies and dressing, and add them after
Sry i have humour and the people in my culture can take a joke
Where even in Britain, or in Denmark
Denmark
Said sure, it's Christmas
riding his horse] through Copenhagen during the nazi occupation
Ok, I was thinking it would involve an obscene amount of tunneling
We could always do what the U.S.
Who says it's Erdogan himself doing the speaking?
Most of the time "hygge" means a somewhat cozy atmosphere
I never learned about the danish gold age, where everything sounded very idyllic and romantic, but where the danish state was essentially a brutal police state controlled by an autocratic monarch
Let's see, there are currently almost 750 million people in Europe, according to a quick Google search.
Everything you dont like is socialism
Foreigners talking about only Copenhagen
Ironic looking at the ideological developments in Poland
In an ideal world you are correct.
he said, that planting trees is a decent idea
Among the questions are: what is the status of the case and what is being done to achieve closure
A lot of people in a lot of countries are uninformed then
The highest level of education of the previous tax minister in Denmark was 9th grade lol
Amsterdam is already the capital of the Netherlands
I went to a shop selling surplus military gear in Osaka, Japan.
He apparently called himself Leaf at one point
Another time two menacing dudes came into our restaurant just as we closed and started talking shit about everyone trying to start something
Not sure since I don't have a lot of friends in that age group
That's why the refugee convention is entirely obsolete, this cannot continue the way it is.
In Denmark, we are more interested in 2008-2020 cars, and the newer ones didn’t really reach Denmark
7 continents:
Its true
1 i sagsforløbet]
But your time as one of the truly great powers in the world are over.
Always found it so weird how most people dump them in the koldskål
Same in Denmark
No, but it sure as hell ain't liberal.
A united scandinavia, but those damn swedes fucked it up.
Lowering prices doesn't bring prosperity if it also means lowering wages and decreasing working conditions
As long as she didn't have cultural ideals I couldn't stand (say...
That German/Russian border makes me kinda nervous
Technocracy is always welcome in my book, since democracy is poison from what I can gather from 2016.
I voted for a candidate of the party I support because I respect him deeply
As a dane, I hate that mute h.
Even the Portuguese, then it's settled Europe prefers Feyenoord.
The biggest tax scandal in Danish history is being investigated (or not, as nothing seems to happen).
nope, it's part of the google translate app on ios/android
Denmark is officially claiming the North Pole (the EEZ)
Russia, Denmark and Poland-Lithuania
I've always thought the "if you break your leg, live in a lifetime of debt" thing was so stupid
Again it doesn't make sense - the intended purpose is to say "Hello  everyone," but it is more like "Good today, people
And hearing the dialect continuum is kinda cool.
Yeah but how rich do you need to be
Those feelings when you realise the minimum size apartment in Australia is 37 square metres....
Except perhaps Ukraine, where I know for a fact, there has been a least two fist-fights involving more than 3 MP's in the last 10 years
Waaaay to many primary colors in a far to messy arrangement
As a Dane I disagree as one the most popular radio stations recently got shut down because one party was unhappy with some politically criticism stemming from the station
For most other things, it would be Copenhagen University (KU) or Århus University (AU)
Yes
As part of a feminism campaign a journalist decided to make yoghurt based on bacteria from her lady parts
How does it show that they don’t like the EU
Looks to me like [france] will be in the lead soon
Same for danish, i have never seen the â in Denmark before
You are probably right, but one could argue that this might be a critical point in recent history (the EU could go either way in the shadow of Brexit, Russia is agitating, the Middle East is in perhaps even more turmoil than usual, the internet is under attack, and with just a little more effort we could be on the brink of clean energy or we could be looking at re-emphasizing of fossils), and someone like Le Pen could cause if not irreparable damage, then at least put up a lot of difficult obstacles.
", and the crowd will scream "du hast
The play has it's more serious sides, showing how Jeppes wife beats and abuses him, which gives the second famous quote:
I pretty much never uses it because it's terrible
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
We have freedom of - and from - religion (I'm not Christian), but Denmark is a Christian nation per design, so we'll just have to accept that a lot of things happen, that are based in Christianity, and that's why it's important to teach the kids about it
And does it offend you in any way?
Claiming Greece is not the cause is BS.
The permit can be obtained for free from the police as long as you're 25 or older.
I’VE SEEN THESE GEESE
I like the other version better
I think the latter is more constructive in terms of understanding politics
Healthcare is seen as a right in most of Europe
That is when my English improved significantly
It's a snow/no snow difference
The reason is the age old power play between states and federation.
It is still state TV and a fucking disgrace for a western democracy
I didn't personally downvote this but I just didn't vote at all.
Uh, on that picture there is absolutely nothing (other than the cyclist) indicating which is which, or that they're used for different things at all.
Thats why they made their own sub.
Watched an episode with my dad as I'm home from the holidays, and damn, it's a great show!
I'm dehydrating after half an hour because of the heat
If mermaids aren't real, then why is there a statue of one right in the capital, huh
Mørke (Darkness)
Making a campfire is fun, burning a pile of rubber tires is just stupid
This is due to the fact, that we simply don't have enough letters to properly represent all the vowel sounds in Danish
No worries :) just wanted to be sure I understood correctly
of foodborne outbreaks in the EU/EEA
I remember watching this as a kid because I was too young for the English version
This is exactly what'll happen if the EU doesn't unite.
The Swedes have worse welfare than us, so we stay home, lol
You too
Some of the EU countries want to turn the EU in to a proper state with direct elections, taxes and an army.
Saw [another one] on my way home, the title is a pun I’m a bit too tired to explain properly, but it’s basically combining “a bull in a China shop”,  “throwing rocks in glass houses”, and our nation’s highest honorary title of “knight of the elephant order” that’s often given to state leaders
Well, we're quite good with submarines in Denmark, lots of
I just wondered why they chose this spelling when writing in english
So it's more of an option the anything
It's called the emigration package
"Trump believes rakeing leaves will put out all forest fires" "Fires are inevitable and no amount of forest ordinance and maintenance could minimize them". It always has to be the most uninformed and extreme person
Nor their tragically high single-mother rate.
I'm working with an Egyptian, who told me that this is almost like fall in Egypt
Women in very short skirts could also get unwanted attention/comments from MENA immigrants
Tbf i've only experienced it with Americans and one English lady
I was not old enough to be in the military when Denmark started sending military deployments to foreign countries.
Hmm
I'd imagine if more people stayed longer, then it would happen more often
Pandemic aside, it has literally never been easier
You should crosspost this to CringeTopia
Somewhat popular in Denmark too.
It's pretty common to be on speaking terms with your neighbors in the suburbs and smaller towns/villages
It was only when modernising, centralising states began forcing the Jews to register their religion as an isolated thing on censuses that the idea of a dichotomy between Jewish ethnicity and religion arose
Can we start doing Demons of State for different countries, like we did lofi girls some time ago
French presidents are elected for five-year terms.
I actually flew BA in October 2016 to LAX and back again and thought it was quite nice, but then again at this point I'm used to no legroom, no service, no nothing
Question is whether terrorism has increased, or *media coverage* of terrorism has increased.
He formed his own party called stram kurs
I cling to the hope that a retard populist is preferable to an evil genius.
it's all the arguments summed up in four words.
I lived in the Southern part of Jylland my whole childhood, but we were never taught in school how to speak the dialect there, so I never learned it
It's just a phone
Me: “Well in a year or so you will be reunited with northern sleswig”
This has have good results
Funniest shit I’ve ever seen
40 - fyrre or fyrretyve
18-22ish
So for me it's dance with the a like in ants...
I had no idea either until I typed it in.
For this one some policemen apparently "Accidentally" got a baton up inside someones ass.
Ja i er alkoholiske mongoler, men det er jeg er fandme også.
But the average dane only knows around 25
It has burned before and once it's rebuild, which it will be, it'll likely burn at some point again
A site run by a conspiracy theorist, which uses as its source noted alt-right outlet Breitbart?
(But honestly, the latter scenario happens  once every 100 years here)
Honestly, I love how smoothly he transitions from a handshake to a fist bump while walking in
Because the danish king at the time wanted to build a castle and make it his town
The Netherlands are Bike-and-silly-language Bros
The Dutch are a more sober non-alcoholic and direct version of Danes
Not this shit again
Both share weird distinct speech, both are flat, both are famous for windmills (wind turbines for Denmark), both have bikes everywhere, and both are kingdoms as well
Australia was invited and we weren't!?
That's the current theory
All things considered it is only the plug and that it can charge normally via that safely, so they can still do more above that
He comes across very self righteous and with a "i know better than you attitude" not very helpful for constructive debate.
Y'know, at first I found that song strange, but god damn, it's pretty dope.
I respect that
Cologne = Køln
I drove through a lot of villages on the outskirts of St
When the Syrian refugees were walking through Europe, a lot of focus was on the Danish "jewelry law" regarding when refugees apply for asylum
Oh yeah, some people use papand instead of høstblomst, and that translates to "cardboard duck".
Norwegian: rar (means weird, strange) and Danish: rar (means cozy, nice)
**Read the article, or at the very least the headline, before asking such basic questions
what poor people eat for lunch, is what we feed tourists
Not cool man
I'm not at all uncomfortable with pride parades.
I live way out in the country side so the neighboring farm just happens to sell potatoes and eggs, so we buy those things from there and they're so cheap because they only sell them because they're excess from what the family can realistically eat
&nbsp;
So I'm going to take the contrary position on this
We've had like 3 days with below freezing this winter
It makes a big difference if you look at wages before and after social benefits.
the political differences between the rest of the UK and Scotland have become insane
Crap this is depressing
Romanians are not seen particularly positively as far as I can tell
In Denmark for example regions means nothing, we all identify as Danes.
We can still have an opinion about monarchies in other countries
Jesus, this is why feminists have such a bad reputation
Rapes and groping has already been a thing the rate of it happening has just increased.
I might be partial since I have to look at this eye-sore every day, but my first thought was [Carlsberg Metropol] I take very specific joy in the fact that it's falling apart
I've got a friend studying in the US at the moment; she says that the short, semester-long classes and focus on memorisation makes it hard to remember things in the long run
No we don’t, that’s a myth
Næsten alle jeg kender gør det, men jeg tror egentlig mest det er fordi vi er lidt sure over at de har så mange penge derovre
Wow
well most of us decided to up our defense spending rather than lower our GDP.
Where I am on Fyn, like 4 or 5 times a year
As you say, Österreich means "eastern realm", because it was a border province, but "Austria" is just a latinisation of that word
Fun fact: Himmelbjerget isn't even the tallest "mountain" in Denmark
I don't like seafood at all
Yeah that must be true
Danish popular music was also very much inspired by British and American music at the time
I don't know anyone that uses either sadly :(
(Nom nom, pepperoni pizza with dressing)
christmas, new year's eve, anniversaries, whatever
i got used to thinking in english and i don’t talk much with people in my native language so i’ve gotten pretty bad at it
I was about to say Warsaw because of the kind of bland architecture there, But then I then it occurred to me that i distinctively remember Warsaw because of the Soviet vibe that I got when I was there, which was really interesting
If you're some random person with a chicken and you take an egg from that chicken, just store it on the counter or whatever
manifestly exceed what is reasonable with regard to the danger inherent in the
My statement is clear enough for those who have historical knowledge
That's not politically correct!
But it was always everyone’s favorite subject, because sometimes you had a cool teacher and made cake
I'm pretty sure anything above 40° would literally kill me
Very different type of music, but fun fact: once in a blue moon a dutch artist will have a hit or two in Denmark with songs in Dutch
We solved the border dispute with Germany in a civil referendum
But I think it’s borderline dangerous to rely on these things
Way too expensive
Since she came from a very well-known family, so for her the title was no big deal, whereas her last name was
The fact that it has become a meme at all is testament to Sweden's strong presence online
I agree
Oh yes, all the time
Morten Helveg Petersen (Radikale Venstre) (NO/YES)
We still have a lot of politicians who have their own private foundations, where companies and people can donate money to get to meet and speak with the politician
Although obviously not as emotionally invested as it really doesn't have any impact on my life.
Both France and the UK declared war on Germany when it attacked Poland.
When we are not calling it Swede-hair, it is referred to as Bundesliga-hair
I love the balance
If the guy had the statues built himself, they hold no actual value to society anyway as they're not really about honoring some specific invention, exploration or whatever
I have been to Innsbruck and go skiing in Austria every year and it's great expect that the food is to schnitzel oriented.
All of reddit is basically NSFW
Dude
China: ROMANIA
I can work 7 or 0 days in a week, my choice
Why is Finland relevant
When I write pro-labour, I'm not talking about welfare-policies or rights or anything like that, I am talking in sociological and ideoligical terms, as I have been from the beginning, and have been very clear about from the get-go
The Denmark National Council for Children is also opposed
But climate change is a myth
That's a fairly common practice, and an (imperfect) attempt at ensuring that smaller or less populated regions' interests are not completely drowned out.
It took me years of practice and help to be able to follow family conversations when we were visiting her parents
You poor bastard
Guess which countries have the best democracies
Considering 40m PS4 has been sold worldwide, and unknown amount of XboxONE, I can say for sure Consoles will live for a bit while still.
Or maybe Bornholm, because it feels completely separates from the rest of us
We used to have Swedish/Norwegian/English system as well, but apparently switched as it was easier for herring merchants
On the bright side we now learn new colorful insults against native europeans
Yes
Also koldskål (a type of yoghurt) is for some reason a meme
And it’s way more fun to watch and play than football
Oddly enough that character is called the Danish Chef in the German version of The Muppet Show
But with Apple products, it can only be Apple computer, tablet and phone, if they are to work properly together
His danish accent was average at best
You can come back tho
Everything would fall into anarchy within 24 hours and suicide rates would skyrocket
Lord Siva is only there because it's live
I think i speak for a lot of Europe, please vote in November
I'd say there's not much Danish literature that's openly quoted or used by people in everyday life
I have seen a few of them, both as child and a few weeks ago with my own children.
I really hope there will be no rivalry between us in the future
We also got Ølsted
I don't like seafood at all
Some Swedish criminals also exploded two bombs in Copenhagen
I do wonder why Ryanair didn't just hand a bag of money to the union boss.
Well that's a bit murky, since they are landlocked and weren't really countries for most of that shared history
England is not a kingdom
Our current one is a little too complicated when a more ideal one should be 5:7 or 8:11
I can return to her the good news that we have not been banned
I just couldn't un-hear it and it drove me nuts
And Swedish is my least favorite
Life imprisonment is virtually a death penalty
It's mind blowing for me how rich Germany is when you consider the states it cover especially California and Washington state which is full of millionaires like Bill Gates and Gabe Newell
Give us some land and we'll gladly border you!
As part of the reclamation of East Denmark - anyone not deemed a suitable Danish citizen could simply be politely and gently pushed across the new border to be looked after by Sweden.
Ahh, gode gamle tv2
Thank you for the clarification.
Flag
But that says less about how awesome Denmark is and more about how awful the world is in general
These kids might come from well-off families, but that doesn't mean their parents think buying a phone for them is worth the same as paying into their education
Does this mean that the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea are kinda undemocratic
I don't know any Danes who hate Norway
It used to be a[ dried fish]#/media/File:Iceland_stockfish_coa.svg) when we had them.
Then I added "Chocolate" and got a product I've seen before
Yeah, it's freezing literally only in northern Scandinavia and central Iceland
Unlike Finland under Swedish rule
What about Link tax
When the Germans invaded Denmark during WWII, blasted through my grandfathers village at his 6th birthday
We lost a lot of land though
I’ve lived there
Lots of cultures are based on the religion of that area
København has some A grade kebab joints, u crazy
I don't want to be "European", I want to be, and am, Danish, and I will fight to protect my country and culture from any pseudo-imperialistic notions of a hegemonic "European-ness"
>You don't have the right to not feed your kids until they starve just because you made them
The natural variety in produce
I was recently(like 2 weeks ago) at a wedding in Western Romania, and ran into a huge group of Danish travellers outside the metropolitan cathedral in Timișoara
For being by farthe best European NATO ally, that actually wants to spend money on their defense
It gave England leverage on both sides of the strait, and made it a contender in the continental powerplay
I've never taken that specific trip, but personally, I'd say yes.
Please read my edit as I am tired of being strawmanned
Do you receive a lot of single dollar bills
[Nope, afterski in Denmark]
It was decent
Carlos, Charles or Carl = Karl
fra [Loven om Grønlands Selvstyre af 2009]
Only ever heard it used by Germans.
Spain is excellent at handball.
Third -the scariest one- we were just fucking hippies
I remember at some point Finland used to be the butt of all jokes along with Sweden in Denmark, but now it's just Sweden
Most people start drinking somewhere in between 7th-9th grade, and by the time you hit high school, there are gonna be parties pretty much every 7-14 days
Youtuber Thundetfoot has for example done videos on this.
They also said that if a teenager is playing 8 hours or more of World of Warcraft, he should be allowed to miss school and get paid
People in this thread seem to be of the impression that descendants of immigrants rarely consider themselves Danish, but it's apparently not really true; at least not according to the results of [this] survey.
Socially/culturally, there are similarities and differences with the rest of the continent.
I thought the polls all gave a huge advantage to the no side.
right
Germany, I really like your food
The danish one really is quite for almost all bigger things, and even for a lot of small things
they're directly endangering other people in Sweden.
77% of all visits) with a case fatality rate of 0
Ohh
OK never mind, imagine buying salami or cheese, you do this thing up there
Australian    Federation of Aids  organizations They state that circumcision has  "no   role" in the HIV  epidemic
Flat is not always bad~ Plenty of pettanko fetishes out there ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Older kids would be embarressed) . Picking up relatives at the airport
The biggest stories in our news media are rarely if ever about the US though
But most people support the Royal Family (and probably especially among the readers of the colorful press).
We're just happy to be known by the outside world
Far less connected with them than Sweden and Norway we still like them though, good people to drink with.
The best we can do as humans is understand our own psychological limitations and how dangerous small datasets are
It's pretty hard to have a free trade agreement, if a country still has the ability to put tariffs on the other side.
You don't have to pronounce it right, but we'll love you for trying.
It's literally where we got shitload of our most popular crops from
Kunstig (Danish) = artificial
Corruption is one of the hardest things to prove, and if you followed the letter of the law, you dont get a 90% conviction rate.
lol If possible I make them my vassal, give them territory and just keep them around forever as my friends.
Nobody is going to appease Trump just to court his favor in the vain hope that he wont turn out to be as insanely pro-Russia as he's always appeared and promised himself to be.
Living in a quite homogeneous country with not so much diversity, it’s practically impossible to tell where somebody is from based on their names
I don't remember which episode number
In Denmark some also watch the Disney animation at christmas
000 in pocket
No, but Trump is often pronounced as Trumb in Denmark for some reason
Ooh, interesting, I didn't know that.
You can use flags for non national things though, like the gay flag
"Du hørte *vel* om statsministeren
Maybe
They've pointed to e.g. Norway who have free trade with the EU despite not being a member, while overlooking that Norway is effectively paying membership dues to get that access, and they submit to tons of EU regulations without getting to vote on it to make that happen
If I needed more than that I would've bought more pieces
But I wasn't able to put my finger on why one was easier than the other
See guys, global warming is not real
Why isn't he asking the real question
I just had my lifes best orgasm
Copenhagen is sitting on the edge of our country, so people in Jutland often feels distant to the government
Much better than contemporary western equivalents.
Also, it was the act of dissecting the animals that caused foreign outrage
I did say Copenhagen
There, the parities need to register in each state.
Yes
Well, I in fact, do like socialism, but Denmark is not a socialist state by any measures
Denmark but also in Sweden and other Scandinavian countries
There is said to be a lake in Sweden shaped like the Danish island of Sjælland (where Copenhagen is located)
I also have a hard time spelling the word "definitely" so in general, I try to avoid using it - often rephrasing sentences to do so
I was genuinely shocked when I learnt that the US has a higher GDP per capita than us
It is 3-5 % lower than she gets in most other polls.
The utter dominance of Denmark in the 14th century is the reason why Norway as a whole and the Swedish commoners dethroned their nobility to elevate the Danish royalty to ac as their own
We celebrate those things too
However, the theme-parks aren’t really the place to go to when raining
As is tradition
Churches are social spaces for the entire community in many areas.
Holy country, never defeated, always in victory.
I know next to nothing about law and wondered what was meant by 'Scandinavian' law.
No matter where you put most of your time, you're just as much a part of the community as everyone else
You mean the sane kind
Thought you reposted your comment an hour ago, it appears again in this same thread.
Probably 65/35 blue/black
So people still call it email, but most people just say mail
And they're dying because of the acidification of the oceans due to the increased amount of CO2 absorption and plastic pollution
Dude, not fair
In general, but if you look at certain areas it's different
Danish has two systems for comma placement, one of which make no sense, but both are used leading to some confusion from time to time
They’re completely freaking out ️
Megalomaniacal is a fun, seven-syllable rollercoaster
It is pronounced as if you are going to say hose (like in a garden hose), but you come to gutteral stop before the end: "Ho-".
he didn't mention anything specific unfortunately
At this point I was pretty sure it was something serious, so I asked the receptionist if they had anything else, no matter what time of day I didn't care, which they sadly didn't. However, two days later they got a cancellation, and she called me and told me they could fit me in the day after
For young people most parties seem to be BYOB
Thank you, that was all
i clean my floors every other day even though i don't wear shoes inside
Germany
King is a name too, also a name like Roy comes from roi, French for king
though bornholm also has a dialect that is slowly dying
Second, a lot of people were afraid to mess with foreign countries like that
call all you want, but for a person with limited income it matters a lot.
I think I was around 7
Hey man, if you're smiling, I'm smiling :D
It’s an entirely different way of thinking while speaking
A kitchen strainer for fx
As long as it's a western, European or American country, it'll get plenty of attention.
**Yugoslavia  (circa 1984)**
Because UK probably leaves the EU on that date
My grandmother was also tjenestemand, but just said her full name when answering the phone
A lunchbox does the job just fine
If we could achieve anything near 66g/kWh emission for the entire energy sector we would've come a *very long* way to solving the crisis
I'm not a fan of sending free money to the South, but on the other hand I don't really care
Yes
IIRC the Nazis surrendered in NL and DK on the same day
Every country has gained a lot of right wing followers during the last couple of years and they are basicially all calling for less EU, which would mean (if they got it their way) that every country is more on their own
MAX Avocado Burger is the best fastfood I've ever had
I think that tradition, and particularly big holidays and rituals of passing, are great for understanding how deeply religiosity is rooted in culture
At the point the majority actively ensures that nothing is done about the the suffering of the minority.
But anyway pretty high - today death rate for similar sickness without treatment is around 60%
I presume a (wise) factor in Southern Europe is also protecting your skin from the sun
All dogs are registered and chipped here
My parents had to sign some paperwork in order to let me go to ‘praktik’. Even the danish military offers praktik, but you need to be a minimum of 15 to attend
Half the country is deeply unhappy
Don't bother
And there are of course differences between native speakers from different countries
Nothing other than my own moral and ethics prevents me
It's true that interconnections with Norway and Sweden will be important in the years to come when we face out some of the thermal plants
"But my religion allows me to chop my sons penis in pieces without asking him"
Ok, but surely what characterizes a dictatorship compared to democracy is that popular opinion is less important.
We understand why, it's human psychology
EDIT: I would have liked to have learned more about the Thirty Years War
If I need to carry speciel things then a two wheeled cargo bike
Yeah, but it was downgraded to the boar fence
It runs every 20 minutes in the day
We do the same in Denmark but it’s 1600 instead
Best regards from Jylland
I lived near the equator for a while and found the constant 6am to 6pm daylight slightly disturbing
Not until DR
I'm 20 for context
In the link our experts basically says that all things kept cold will stay fresh longer therefore it is better to keep the eggs in the fridge
Well maybe the mods are just lazy, that's a possibility.
After WW2 the Danes attempted to propose a democratic elected Nordic region but the Swedes and Fins insisted on pursuing the neutrality policy.
I should add that none of this is to bash her in any way.
We love conflicting pain upon feet
Megalomaniacal is a fun, seven-syllable rollercoaster
Well i drive a motorbike [GS 500] and it's much cheaper, the electric "bikes" aren't good for nothing
I was always thought it was the only African country to resist colonization.
wow you're old
Now, that I think about it you *could* write 'szczekuszkowate' as 'ṡċekuṡkowate'...
Or pickled-ish beets
is Elizaveta the same name as Elisabeth or is it pronounced differently
That's the one
Another day i was working another job in this hotel
Kosovo on the other hand is just horrible.
But as an overall institution, I think CBS is better
I'm sorry, but [this] is the real map of railways in europe
First of all we say the numbers "reversed". In English 32 would be thirtytwo
I hate that you can't turn it off
\[Chorus\]
Everybody else has expressed confusion at your posts
I mean that German policies (and in this case also Danish economic policies) works for Germany.
We fed ourselves and all the teachers with the amount of food we made
That’s sad, small towns are not doing well here either
And Denmark :)
Slide: DK work hard, EN glide (DK rutchebane)
I feel like scandinavian history is often just seen as the Viking era, when a lot more had happened throughout time
Here in Denmark, it's just not really a thing you do
maybe we see that happening in romania and ukraine now
The same goes for the Stalin and Lenin statues for that matter, and I'm sure they'll get around to those any time now
Cargo and Transport manager probably
If I wanted my country to be part of this country, it should have the Nordic System...
It doesn't look as "manicured". :)
If EU were to become a country, it would beat USA any day...
And there's no way he can get even 1%
We joke about winter depression here but it’s obviously very real
Scandinavia is great for English speakers.
but it will turn quickly into a sticky glue.
Also notice how it's the opinion of one person and the US disagree
Probably that it's too close to Sweden
Can we make the Brits pay for it
I don't understand why the UK is so low
The problem with this is, that talking about people who aren't socialists, as socialists, only further entrenches the capitalist system that socialists supposedly oppose
The case for Denmark at least is easy to make
I really wish people would stop submitting these kinds of pictures - and heavily edited ones too.
Does the town get noticeably warmer when this happens
No but we do have a meme page where English is forbidden  @dankmark
At least it's funny when you're a Dane
Ligge/lægge (laying) and sidde/sætte (sitting) are common grammatical mistakes
Much of the time, it wasn't even the Danes doing the transferring
Really curious about the title of the photo
Or a lot of people were
There really is no excuse
It really is
(Except for that it’s an amazing country
Rarely, though my point was that it was a valid as everything else
We have similar nature (except mountains) as a lot of Scandinavia, and we have a lot of the same architectural styles as the Netherlands
There just wasn't anything left, because flights were being cancelled or delayed left and right
IIRC halvtresindstyvene is supposed to mean 2
Thats Estonia - you're not getting in before them, and she aint never getting in
Suggest anything left of center and you are suddenly considered radical left winged ANTIFA commie
Hey, when you are hardly ever in government you got to earn as many minister pensions as you can as fast as you can.
[Storebæltsbroen]
You are legally obliged to join Schengen
We have a place called 'Himmelbjerget' translatet 'Skymountain', it might be the higest point in Denmark but its only 150 meters over sea level
To take Denmark as an example, we are first divided into 6 (I think) regions, and they are divided into another
Money has to come from somewhere.
I've done it a few times but usually not when the places were at their busiest
I believe he was then Minister of foreign relations
Edit:
Barbie Girl by Aqua probably
Every smoker who want to be more discreet is probably going to use snus more often since it's easier to hide
At least now we know the USSR were also bad guys
Too big
I got my tonsils removed at a private clinic, where the government paid for everything, since I would have had to wait for ages if I didn't go private
The Kattegat is a stretch of sea with many narrow passages, and at some times the navigable path through the Kattegat was less than 4 kilometers wide
In that it will do anything to make it seem like Jews outside of Israel live unsafe lives, in order to establish a narrative that Israel is needed.
But no, it was French
Some of the people I know have started partying again, despite the fact the pandemic is still very much ongoing
Here you you get a bachelors degree on completing nursing school (level 5B).
" due to media influence
Leaving our number out is the dumbest thing.
By last year I meant 2018, not 2019 haha)
Of course we do
And oh boy does [This] look out of place
It's all to do with the fact, that it's warmer, which allows for more kinds of vegetables and fruits to be grown
To me It's inconceivable that you can't go to IKEA on a sunday.
It's one of the cities with the best level of integration, lowest level of crimes per capita, and most diversity when it comes to income
“Hygge” ofc just noce cozy warm family stuff like that
The Faroe Islands do not have google street view
If I had to assign them genders, I would say that the sun was female, and the moon male
Not by how they look, but i swear i can identify a danish accent (when speaking english) atleast 10km away
400 years ago, being a bit chubby was all the rage, because it signalled wealth.
Rungsted: now a place where Rich people live, but the name originated from old words for pigsty
Luckily its becoming a more common discourse in the public sphere atm, but two years ago when I was a temp at a local school, they were still using the book that taught us the "false story"
We had a kind of folk rock but that scene is still very popular today
Middelfart would "Average speed"
Never understood this
I actually think it was coined by a Donald duck translator
I am all in favour of immigration and multiculturalism
I love it
In Danish, kage means cake, and I had an inside joke about kage with my friends
Everyone gets corona
I love to visit and go to a lot of places there, but I wouldn't want to live there, at least not permanently
So the king fired him, like he should've done waay sooner
Currently it could be seen better, but I believe it is changing, as more and more Romanians work and study in Denmark, and Romanians together with Poles are well set to become the biggest immigrant groups in Denmark
Yeah, that surprised me as well
When I was a child I feel like everybody did it though - my mum, grandmother, aunts, strangers - nobody wore tops
Most of these stories seem to be about americans
we will just do like in malaysia with a rotating monarchy
&#x200B;
The Little Mermaid which is a HC Andersen fairytale
Yeeeah this is one list I'm cool ^^^^heh with being near the bottom of
Isn't the inauguration of the head of state in the Netherlands a religions ceremony with it being your head of monarchy?
It specifies it applies to the entire Danish state
Or click here:
It's verges on at least once a week for all 8 years, if corona hadn't ruined the average
Hello fellow danes
Another example could be for insurance
Alledgedly the Icelandic Y-chromosome DNA confirms the idea that male Icelandic settlers came from Norway whereas the mithochondrial DNA suggests that a many female settlers originated from the British Isles.
I really love Turkey, Turkish music and Turkish history, but I haven't talked to a non immigrant about the current views in Turkey
Norweigan is like danish but alot more charming
They’re as big alcoholics as us (maybe barren Iceland), but their states has put up some weird hurdles
I intentionally searched for a subway sandwich.
We will never succumb to imperialist currency
And then there's the hold legitimizing of an otherwised sanctioned Putin and Russia
It's pretty much a given for most cities here that whatever size the street is, if it's in a city, it has to be suitable for pedestrians (and in a growing number of cities, for bicyclists as well)
I know the feeling
Any updates
Internationalist
That's about as recognized as something is going to get without passing historical verdicts.
On our last day we went to the parking place where our car was, and driving out of there a van had parked blocking the exit
It will probably surprise no one that Denmark is not on a stillstand due to Ski World Championship.
Then he's your pick
It's more like playful teasing between the countries, while in reality we are very close (not just geographically)
Denmark and Sweden both love Norway more or less, it's actually one of the things in the world we can actually agree on
Very comprehensive overview of the biggest events which helped shape the country
So in the beginning they would use both
Interestingly I read a few hours ago that during the switch over period, they used to mix steel kegged nitrogen Guinness with a about a 1/3 from the old wooden cask, just to prove to people that there was no taste difference between the two
Also a thing, here
Art Deco was popular both in the east and the west, and 'socialist realism' took a lot of inspiration from Art Deco - both were optimistic art styles at heart
We burn a witch doll on a bonfire on Midsummer
Can we have a picture of that
I actually checked up on Tatarstan on Wikipedia the other day.
[Here's more about it, in case you are interested] This thing is completely unprecedented in modern Danish history
Im packing my bags, see yall in 16 hours
Netherlands in Danish is "Holland" and not just the province
Not to forget
I think most people in my generation picked up on the stereotype with the mokai and scooter memes that were viral 6-7 years ago on facebook
Øv!
It is pretty cool tho, but I doubt it even has an effect when it only contains 0,4-0,5 units
man
We basically understand each other's languages, same with Norway.
Even in the eastern part where I live now, there’s quite the difference between Randers, Mols and Aarhus
Verbs *always* end with an "r" in present tense if they end with an "e" in infinitive - the so-called "nutids-r". Even if you cannot hear the r when you say the word out loud (which is the case with verbs such as "høre - hører" and "lære - lærer"), you still need to add it
"I" and "i" is "in"
Threatens that his gang of antidemocratic extremists will take over an entire continent, but wants us to think that it's the Muslims who are the real danger to society.
Rush here in case of zombie apocalypse
Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Icelandic, German, English, Russian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian
I'll keep my hands to myself though, at least until I'm certain the other person is cool with a pat on the shoulder.
Without research I think I can comfortably say Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Copenhagen
Otherwise they will probably just speak English or ignore your mistakes.
My dad lives in the north, and his elderly neighbours speak Vendelbomål (similar to Thybomål), and it makes no sense to me
Copenhagen in Danish is København, which litterally means "Buy-a-habour"
They are writings, not languages.
It's a stupid waste of everyone's time.
Is it the percentage of women who has at some point during a pregnancy had a single taste of alcohol?
"Don't think you are smarter than us
i dont think ive ever seen a minute of rt in my life.
I'm not talking about the political use of the American flag
It's so DRAMATIC with the music haha
these days, i only use salt
Edit: found another
Perhaps, but I don't think you believe this should mean we should all compromise on our views at all times, do you
I never see Denmark mentioned :'(
And if we're into the "Hugging stage" of knowing each other, the more often we see each other the less likely it is I'll give them a hug I think
It might have been true once, but not today
He has a point
I mean I know we danes talk shit about you but I mean, we're ruddy neighbors eh
If she were anyone but a teenager, she wouldn't be getting any attention
England is at once the most polite and the most aggressive country I've been in
Yes parties like Golden Dawn say fucking despicable things, so charge party members for racism (whitch i believe is illegal in every European country) not ban them for having a messed up look at the world.
Around here, we like to call Sweden ''That shithole to the north''.
are considered alright
The Danish language has no word for "Please".
Unfortunately mostly negative associations
Time for sanctions
Does angstschreeuw mean anxiety scream
For example, if a German or a Frenchman hinted that, ethnic Germans/French will be ethnic minorities in the future with the current birth rates and immigration, would he be seen as a mass murdering evil Nazi too?
Clearly, you don't know the rules of a polandball comic.
I agree
Lowkey banger painting
You have more Danish words in that sentence than she did.
death machine definetely has a darker Sound than the bands i've mentioned
That's what they get for stealing all our bicycles.
the estonians would kick their asses the moment they try any funny stuff.
Yeah, they wrote about how we apparently call him "Christian den gode", which we never did  it's a lie fabricated by Swedish historians in the mid 1900s, it's assumed to have been as part of some anti-Denmark sentiment, and for some reason a lot of Swedes (that I have met both IRL and online) actually have been taught it as true in school
Hey we do that too
Shit is flat and filled with tiny, badly maintained villages
I have seen Polish dubbed Gang Olsena dvds in Polish supermarkets several times
Toscany in general is just magnificent
to my knowledge these cant really be translated without losing their meaning completely
Also Kaine and Lynch apparently.
The southern part is Skåne, which is Danish
Sure, their #1 goal is to make life hell for anyone who hasn't lived in Denmark for at least 200 years,but they've also done *a lot* to take money from the poor, from the health care system, from the education system, from the elderly.
I have a weakness for latin chicks, I wouldn't mind someone from Spain or Italy, or even Latin America.
We had it through 4-6th grade I think
If you have a horse carrying your broken down Lada, The chances are good you are eastern europe
I'm liking this language exchange between Denmark and Holland.
goed
Pretty sure we have the highest taxes
The difference is east vs  west
Hey hey, he just want to feel better about his country's cock-up
Fine as long as they are not spreading Trump propaganda ;)
Why worry about something that is impossible
Teutonic and Livonia rings a bell.
is Elizaveta the same name as Elisabeth or is it pronounced differently
This is where it's at
brilliant
Will it ever be the same
I can't find any proof of Denmark relying heavily on German electricity, besides during the summer of 2018 where all the nordics had a shortage of electricity and had to import from elsewhere in europe
Hygge
Even though, we have been at war with each other, we are still close neighbours
Pro-Pegida demonstration in Copenhagen today
Fond memories going there as a kid
The smoke and fire by the school meant that the second wave of bombers thought the school was the target, so they bombed the school repeatedly after
The way you phrase the second one makes it sound like Brussels airport is the biggest airport that sells chocolate, as in there are larger airports in the world but none of them sell chocolate
That seed bank in Svalbard
You're right my periodisation may be off by a margin, though with the
Flat land
Where are the meatballs
Nope
Opposition to the death penalty should, in my opinion, be absolute, but you have the right to disagree of course
How does that work
it's not super common these days i think
They are not used that much in Scandinavia either
But really in mentality Australians are more European largely in a political sense ...
You're all welcome to come join, [here's a link]
He talked about the tag, that the tag was necessary to know that this was a quality piece when the papers name itself used to be enough to show it would be a quality piece.
It should be noted, that the Danish government stayed in power for some years after the occupation, and actively encouraged the population to "work with the Germans", even to the extend of actively encouraging unemployed workers to take jobs in Germany or otherwise work for them
Sorry for the long sentences, Danes don't really write in anything shorter than two line sentences
Haha, I love how not even the rich can escape [the curse of ugly Belgian houses
Pass that place is beyond ungovernable.
Cringe
*Laughs in kalmar union* just about all of the nordic countries except finland as they have all been part of denmark at some point
AT MOST you say hello or smile to the driver when you enter the bus, but again, since you can now enter the bus through the middle or back doors, you never communicate with them, and it would be so, so, weird for a passenger who entered through the door furthest to the back to go all the way up to the front just to say "thank you".
“It was just one joke what’s the big deal” yeah, but if you hear them over and over again
Here they say "mester".
Very nice to have when you just get unneeded or unwanted info
We call it saftevand
I'm not a citizen of the world, I'm a citizen of Denmark, that doesn't mean I don't have empathy with others.
Suburbs in general are a younger phenomenon
There a several democratic monarchies in Europe.
Futtog = Toot-train
There is not really anything they do beter then where i live now
never gonna happen, too many closet racists voting populist right wing parties
Sadly your politicians are so confused on what they want that they haven't been all too constructive
A classic danish animated film would be [Valhalla] from [1986] which is based on a popular [comic series] about the nordic gods
Yeah, I really like that one as well.
So sorry :/ if Russians are Europeans then so are you
Wait, is that the amount of the Bulgarian population comprised of Gypsies who steal TVs, or just Gypsies in general
Surely none of us cares about ourselves dying in infancy.
We are generally humble and don't like people who are even remotely trying to brag or try to seem better than others
I thought I was just bad at understanding Swedish, but I’m glad I’m not the only one lol
Switzerland ain’t cheap, or am I wrong
There’s no direct meaningful translation of “thank you” from Danish
Denmark's is a peugeot 208 because we buy small cars because of the insane taxes we have on cars.
Not that we don't have racism, but I think it's rarely tied to stereotypes about specific races.
I have no clue if I've met any Catholic or Baptist Danes either for the same reason
United we stand together
After this Denmark for the first time in several hundred years was definitively no longer a player in European politics
Man, I wish someone would record a game (or part of it) and post it on youtube, I'm really currious about how it works with this many players !
And by quite a bit, I mean it has grown a lot
Also all of this were actually controlled by the danish resistance movement and not state officials, and there are quite a few stories of members getting their revenge on old foes by claiming they were collaborators
You might be able to pay with euros a few places but they will rip you off on the exchange rate.
Basically they just take you there for the day.
:)" when I entered the office (or wherever we work in this fictional example) in the morning
Here, there would be guards circling around to see if you’re cheating
Edit some pictures: [Wadden sea] B[irds at the Wadden Sea]
But on the other side most of those can barely live a day without human help.
Also, like u/Pistollium wrote, we do not use ä but æ, and they do sound similar
King of Norway-Denmark
We still miss to see Sweden granting Skåne, Halland and Blekinge similar referendums
Only thing I recall is when a character has an odd accent compared to the rest of the characters
A worried 11-12 years old kid I don't know very well asked me and my friend yesterday why Turkey and Norway was fighting.
Dead yet
The Danish flag isn't widely used Imo, usually only on birthdays & when someone dies
If anything recent events should make EU stronger not weaker.
As a museum, though, it's pretty boring
Det er rart at møde dig
There are some areas of the city i really want to see what looks like
That is ... who is MOST LIKELY to win that I ABSOLUTELY DON’T want to win
I guess it's because of the tall mountains, like the Alps.
Once online I fully thought the guy I was speaking to was Danish because of his accent, turned out he was Dutch
Don't assume EU is a country and don't assume you can visit it.
Therefore, all who live in his land owes him fealty and are bound to serve him, and in return he is bound to give them peace
Not very low temperatures but high humidity and windy af
In Denmark every party except three out of nine have accepted a hard line on immigration.
Sverige er bare et shitshow
For me it´s Danish, even before I moved here
That doesn't make a murder self-defense.
Actually, the real mistake was retreating from Russia in the winter
Amount of birth per year levelled at the 120-140 million mark some decades ago - so we are slowly moving towards 10-12 billion people.
Snobbish cunts haha (am joking)
> Who cares about 5
I am a Dane and I have lived and worked in a fair few countries
Like when Elizabeth holds speeches in the colonies
Could be
It just sounds like a Danish place name
But if you're just getting by while studying they'll likely not ask you to pay
I think we are the ones with the most in the world, we have like 32 different or so
More detailed for hikes and nature trips
I have attended prayer in churches, Synagogues, and mosques and im not religious, however I do find religion and theology insteredting as an student of history.
Exactly
I must have an AOL CD ROM somewhere
I never knew the full culture of blessing things before this holy post
When I let google auto-finish, I get:
I like calm wallpapers
Why are the French guy not black?
And really, the EU budgets are tiny compared to those of the national governments.
2500 = five and twenty hundreds = fem og tyve hundrede
Not so much going to the area, that I always recommend, but eating there
Note 1 and 2 aren't entirely correct for Denmark.
Bruh we moved to a new classrom in my school and its 30 degrees celsius, no air conitioners, but we do have windows but we have some of the most annyoing girls in our class that keeps closing them because they think its cold or something
Pretzlen
I will support rail ways going anywhere if it can limit flight usage
I went to listen to a playlist I made ages ago and now only 5/20 songs are available
Hence, the only argument for doing this was to get more votes from the less populated areas
Both places had people in white shirts and ties coming in for their lunch
wtf
Inuits in Canada, Alaska and Greenland
We had to get help from a local to show us how to prepay in the store..
ABBA
Same here - honestly for a moment I was like: are they just talking gibberish and saying its Swedish
Its basically a dairy based milk combination, with or without eggs and lemon, and other types of Danish dairy products
I assume they live in northern Bayern?
"Golf player accused"
Never got the appeal my self, the crust have to be thin otherwise you can't properly taste the ingredients.
uanset hvad, så er det selvfølgelig kun smag og behag
like 8 out of 10 times they are doing a terrible impression of it and come across as trying to sound stuck up or better than the rest with their generic/american accent and think they are doing a great job of it
([source in Danish]
" is spreading
Especially the sun
And then, smaller than even the ['Others'] come the conservatives and the christian democrats, who, together, make up 8,7% of the community
99% korrekt
I think the UK as well, iirc
But you can buy snus in most kiosks though
Don't worry
There's nothing wrong with "attacking" someone rhetorically if you believe their premise or conclusion is wrong due to it being based on racism, or if you believe that they are arguing in bad faith to promote xenophobia
Now I often catch myself pronouncing words with one vowel with two vowels
I've not heard of any similar adverts in Denmark, referincing dead people
I'm not an expert, but [it seems a bit worn down]
"Stueetage" meaning living room floor
We have a box in the back corner of the classroom (because we have 1 classroom, we spend all our time in, with exceptions)
Same people that pay for other contiguous referendums.
Yea, but not internationalist
So we don't need lockers, but we can "buy" one
Turkey isn't a member of the EU, so you can't (that) easily import a car from there.
Leicester is often mispronounced by foreigners as well.
Maze Runner
Part of me just really wants to believe that Lithuania will crawl back into a nicer spot once the post-occupation PTSD workforce retreats into pension
I guess a lot of people believe that monarchies works like in Disney or Game of Thrones
1990
Well he is the second most important Turkish politician, so if it's him or Erdogan I personally prefer the former.
Born and raised in Copenhagen
De har jo også haft STX eller tilsvarende, plus flere år med fagene intensivt på seminarium
I took part in some student exchanges, and have lived in Odense for 12 years
Much like aircondition in cars, a fast internet connection and so on
Is this supposed to justify the false equivalence bullshit where "a woman who once sent an email" is as bad as an incompetent corrupt fascist orange who has so far spent a week badly reenacting Hitlers early policies.
We have something similar in Denmark
They're still around
I can recommend this movie if anyone's interested:
Close cooperation, but nothing else.
Everyones life is way better today than 50 years ago in every way you look at it.
Gets too much attention compared to other cities
As long as humans are greedy, demand will cause supply
Many people found that completely ridiculous that he’d step down for “just that”, whilst other people found it appropriate since their party has probably been the most prominent party in the MeToo-debate
Fuck you, Polan
I don’t think you understand how NATO work then
I think that massively depends on the country.
You even took our shared language and cleaned it up so theres actually some logic to its written form
You have to run in front of a car with a flag, to Warn people of it coming
on the radio yesterday morning, they had a professor in biodiversity on
Og "i"
There shouldn't be flour on top of the bread
The nature of Norway is stunning but I was commenting on "our" cities
Dialects of Danish too:
When i was a kid we got a lot of snow in the winter, which to me at least compensated a lot for the shortened days.
It makes so little sense to brexit by now
looks like a camp for worker drones
We're quite different though, even culture wise
I can't say
What does your country use, AM/PM or 24 hour clock?
Vovhund = Woof-dog
Years later when Hansa wasn't a problem - the Swedes wanted their own king again.
Here's another "super advanced" window from the Danish company Velux: [This Window Transforms Into A Balcony with The Touch of A Button]
Being against universal healthcare and education because you want to skim that extra amount of money
Vikings apply to Scandinavia too
Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Icelandic, German, English, Russian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian
I love the word bankerot (bankrupt) which comes from the Italian banca rotta (broken bench)
we got a set budget of exactly 535 euro per month
Sorry, but my comment was a snide comment on the fact that US keeps paying for stuff it does not tax its citizens for.
You just making a more or less arbitary limit where you think the recursive system should be broken.
The water would recede gradually so in theory you could make blanket geophys screenings of the entire area as it drains
There are lots of sunk costs that will have to be paid to achieve something relatively marginal
Seems like we bought it from the same guy...
To expand on this: Every Friday u/CalmYourDrosophila posts a drawing of a human-like [Kaj] The image is filled with clues that references what has been hot(ish) topics on r/Denmark during the week
1) the UK always pushed for expanding the EU faster, this decision was made at EU level, but with the UK being the most influential strong supporter
I'm pretty sure that I could get beer cans in a supermarket here for 2.80kr for a can.
Yes it is
Væske (Danish) = liquid
Halland has been part of Greater Copenhagen the past two years and Blekinge is expected to join soon
Serbia was ethnically cleansing its population, someone needed to do something
I know i’m about to be downvoted into oblivion by Le Atheists but i think this is sad
EU members has to have a democracy
Yes, if they are built before the war, then definitely
Seriously the christmas traditions most danes keep around can basically be cut down to Eat, get drunk, Buy expensive gifts.
It’s just that a lot of Scandinavia is incredibly rural and have a small-town mentality that you would find anywhere
One could even call it arrogant
It's like the opposite of a normal summer
Most of Danish kids learn German in school (some learn French or Spanish instead), and last time we were in Berlin on vacation my daughter stated that "Germany is a lot nicer when you realize that you don't *actually* have to speak German
Always has been
I'd wager that a campaign from SRFÅ+VK, DA and FH could get us to 45-55%, as these EU elections always seem to turn out
It would be pretty weird for a tiny country to sell off its most capital region, and its most densely populated area.
Very true
That's the dictionary definition dude, and the legal one in most countries too.
But what I don't get is why your sexuality would matter in a carnival in the first place.
That is how it always is haha
He has to have that attitude, else life would get depressing.
(I wish
Also, Christianity was a subject
He, interesting (hi there northern neighbour)
It's really great
You eat it with small biscuits called kammerjunker in
If he/she refuses to sign it, there's a separate procedure to follow, but that's out of the scope of this thread)
Furthermore
1923
Counted as an average over the last two years
What is not important is preaching religion in school - that should be avoided
Yeah - I was applauding the german common sense ;-) Now at least
Gifler IS better - there I said it, I feel dirty and will face any consequences of my actions
Hmm
Yeah, but it was downgraded to the boar fence
It's going to affect us anyway.
Seems like a suicide, sad but not a major story.
So mandatory 17" computer monitor sizes next
000kr, meaning 2900 EUROs before tax
Is there a question you'd like answered?
First off: How do we understand the term 'socialism'? Do we understand it in a Leninist way, as a transitionary phase between capitalism and communism
A few years ago I was there via Euroscola and held the opening speech for Denmark
Well he's defending his current job
The failures of the so-called 'great socialist experiments' of the 20th century, most of which befell either into totalitarianism, or collapsed into the capital relation again, were the reason for Fukuyama's vulgar thesis
It's them trying to fight what they see as a dumb ass idea.
We just have to make the system even more complex
I think gentrification has been a larger problem for Amsterdam
True, but it makes a bit more sense
[That’s exactly the same pattern as here
Cars are still allowed into the city of course (there are several important roads for the throughput of busses and cars), but the city is focused around being most accessible to pedestrians/cyclists
We're both flat, we speak weird, we bike and people already confuse us for each other.
To see it's still Up :)
Yeah, isn't this the third or fourth time this has come up again?
You could tell from his comments alone, screaming about racism against asians to a European crowd doesn't make much sense since we haven't got a whole lot if you don't consider Iranians asians.
The UK made an entirely sovereign decision not to do this (unlike many other countries such as my own)
Merke did much to destabilize Europe with her let's let in the entire third world.
Do you honestly believe that DR in Denmark, SVT in Sweden and NRK in Norway are no worse than this garbage
Well, he was danish, don't lump us in with the british weirdoes.
25° - Muspelheim = don't leave the house
Looks like they nailed us to a T... uh, 丁!
Historically Sweden but i would argue that our countries are just completely different now a days.
Technically it's illegal (in town and cities), but it's socially accepted (on nights  out partying) as long it's done privately
Most people bike at a pace that's comfortable for them, and which they can keep up without getting too sweaty.
You don't pay if you go to the GP or to the hospital, but dental is only free for kids(under 18) and is super expensive for everyone else
Glad we agree, I might be a conservative and you a socialist but it's by debating with people who has opposing views you might moderate or change some of you're opinions.
> But as soon as they open their mouths you just hear a single initial consonant, followed by a long string of slurred diphthongs
It's not like Columbus crossing the Atlantic
We really need to start upping our game
We are also way overexposed to news about UK compared to France, Germany, Russia etc
The only thing that really bothers me about your comment is the typical issue of treating religions as something special.
Also Ireland and Spain are known to be catholic
A pedantic economist would argue that it isn't free, because it comes with an expectation of reciprocity
I can’t count how many times I’ve heard “it sounds like you have a throat disorder” and “It sounds like you have a potato stuck in your throat”
The venn diagram kind of suggests such areas exists
I can highly recommend it, it is fast, easy, convenient and you don't have to plan ahead.
just don't apply to anyone but Americans and yet they're upvoted like made making it seem like it's some universal truth
We dont have submarines
No, normal supermarkets will sell the cheapest beers at around 3 kr
#EuPlsKillFB
Når man først får det lært
They date back from WWII when people had to seek shelter during bombings
At the same time Breivik has nothing to lose from appealing.
If you read the source, they mention several cook books from the late 15th century
There is also the most important stones of all the Jellinge stones from the 10th century which in viking runes tells the story of how Denmark became a nation and how we went from Pagans to Christians
You guys already renovated Paris some 100 years ago.
In that case I'll top it off
Imagine if the rook ate the queen like in Battlechess.
I love that Norwegians and Swedes buy beer in Denmaek, because it’s “cheap” but Danes buy beer in Germany because it’s “cheap”
Just try, Germany would never allow it!
Truly a tragedy
Well, that first one is wrong
That's not the case with guns
But Greenland is very much trying to get independent like Scotland recently.
Those things belong in pools
It's sunny today, but not as much as yesterday
How is she "as corrupt as they come"
Yeah
But on the way back, with BA, it was one of their A380's. It was quite nice, but really not as good as those new 777's.
* Poland: For supporting Austria-Hungary in the fight against the Ottomans
Denmark has opted not to build more efficient bigger power plants, because it expects renewable energy sources to increase.
I would say the English Wars and the Bombardment of Copenhagen in 1807
We don’t. We have a health insurance card which is sometimes acceptable, but it has no photo
fairly strong unions negotiate agreements for sectors and unionised businesses, and relatively high welfare payments make very low payed work unattractive.
Seeing that you mention Ireland, and the fact that you mention the football games against Denmark, I'm assuming you are Irish
A Brexit post gets thousands of upvotes, how many for our stars on blue?
I think we have different views on what constitutes "necessity". Peat is used and is necessary for making an islay whisky, the same way chocolate is needed for a chocolate cake
Other than that, and the Scandinavian countries, I'd probably have to switch to English
No(r)way
Feel free to review my non-native examples linked above :)
Denmark
And ofc the universities are nota t the exact same rank, but I think the point is that, in spite of the difference in ranks, that doesn't translate into real prestige in Danish society
So yeah, I think so
Edit\* I'm dumb and didn't think about the fact that the word had been translated to english, so the u is right
Recently went there and had no problem buying while I was only 20
I think it also have changed over time
maybe we see that happening in romania and ukraine now
Red and white are the true scandinavian colors
HEY
There’s no direct meaningful translation of “thank you” from Danish
"I" is "you" in pluralis (must be a capital i)
Welcome to grocery-tetris
She is from München, I think
Most tourists skip the island and either go to Copenhagen or Aarhus
In Denmark its “Lad være med at gøre en myg til en elefant”.
Side note: whenever I’ve travelled to Southern Europe I’ve always found it so irritating that I had to wait till 8-9pm to get some dinner
but you're absolutely right, that it can be discussed
There is charm to the Balkans
She was shut down immediately
There are slight differences here and there in things like building styles and stuff and then there's obviously a language difference, but otherwise it basically felt like being back in Denmark which really surprised me
> However, effectively closing off the entire North and East Sea can't be good for the ecosystem
> Dont see why special advisors (Whatever that entails) are unelected is something bad
>and the Antwerp centrail railway station will serve to be essentially a cathedral for this man
My friend comes with a stupid joke about her drinking to much to quick (“cold before 12” as we say in Denmark)
Wilders won't have enough support for a coalition.
I also really like that they include all the racially tone-deaf speeches of the times
Okay, makes sense then
I don't mind the possibility of it being there, as long as the user gets the option to turn it off at will
But yeah I can sort of understand written Dutch, but spoken is very difficult.
" or just a friendly "punch" on the shoulder or whatever if it's a close friend you see all the time
We had PostDanmark before which while it wasn't great was better than what service is now being provided
The definition is extremely vague
Most likely but the nonaligned movement started by Yugoslavia would have given them at least a little notoriety in the US.
BIER
Again, don't know if other countries have that as well
I thought 70% humidity was normal
Swedish: most of it
&#x200B;
Look at arguably the strongest man who's ever lived, [Zydrunas Savickas] a lithuanian powerlifter and strongman
>danish occupied
However, I can face some trouble understanding elderly people from other parts of the country
(if you don't plan on exporting it the process is entirely different)
Other than that I found Hvidovre lovely
Not sure since I don't have a lot of friends in that age group
i'd say last summer 2018
) nurtured through these bases
and if you're in the northern part and wanna go to copenhagen, you'd fly
Because we deal with them regularly, and our encounters are rarely positive.
Whatever is not recycled gets burned and converted to central heating/electricity.
Not talking to a dane is probably the best way to get on our good side
"Kommune" er "municipal" på Engelsk.
I'm sure you can read about this somewhere, but I can't really be arsed to find it for you right now :P
) and got accepted as a team member when they found out I would drink and sing with the rest of them
Unfortunately the nearest cliff is on the other side of the country, and no way in hell am I driving all the way over there in this heat
The only danish Music i listen to is Rasmus Seebach
I don't know
I remember it as a very pretty city.
That means 40 percent of your exports down the drain.
It's a shitty company and I hope they soon lose their credibility.
Not at all
Hope it does
This map lacks bars
Aah yes Occitania is the new Italiá !
Those are the only ones I’ve heard in use
"I'm doing fine so why should i do anything
I was originally about to write a list of work made by great danish authors, that are well known by all danes, but I realised that most of these works don't strike at the core of what it is to be a dane, but to the core of what it is to be a human.
In Denmark: "If Danish Peoples Party (nationalists and xenophobes) get any stronger I will move to Sweden".
Ah, back to the status quo
I think most European 5th grader already knows that.
I was born in Singapore where we lived for a good chunk of years, as my parents were working there
A dane that doesnt live in a house of lego
**Funen:** Self obsessed people who won't stop talking about themselfs
Luckily there aren't that many anymore
After we learned what they were talking about they switched over to German, which neither my sister nor myself understood
Somewhere cold and rainy, I’d say the Scandinavian countries but i sadly can’t be seen supporting them in any way
The government should ban every new age shitty medicine now, if you care about the principle of this ban.
One drawback with a democracy where gaining 2% of the vote will get your party a number of seats in parliament is that we usually have a lot of MPs with "alternative" opinions
except maybe bornholm, our little island just south of sweden
With all the buildings and everything
Yeah it's because of us
See [this song] for Nordmenn who seem to be very proud of that fact
I have yet to find another nation who uses the actual name of a "hated enemy" as the derogative slur for that hated enemy.
In Denmark, we joke about reconquering the Swedish counties of Skåne, Halland and Blekinge (mostly Skåne, as it is the closest to our mainland)
I mean, as a Nordic the cheek kiss is absolutely horrifying
People tend to talk economics when it comes to Brexit but most of all it was a international political castration of the UK.
Edit: The house is 177 M^2 (1905 sq ft)
Those of you who partake regularly, and those who silently just browse
We fed ourselves and all the teachers with the amount of food we made
I agree with that if it is in France or Europe in general, but when she seeks out the Mufti in Lebanon, abiding by the local custom seems appropriate.
I don’t think it’s strange and fits well with American competitive mindset
No, what you’ve seen is tourist areas in a warm country with wealthy foreigners buying property
About the HRE part i never heard about that in my school, i first learnt about it on yt
The problem is that migrants know this and are throwing away papers to make it difficult if not impossible to determine their true country of origin.
You're right, I meant in the Nordics
Regulations can be a good thing.
And yet people spew it like gospel
Clothes are clothes man
We make some good series and movies, and some bad ones.
Let’s celebrate by honoring the people who wanted anything but independence for my country”
High taxes
Now nearly all of it is fields
Yeah
It is not meant to be a neutral comment
Ray Charles vision
If the pipe line is safe then they would allow it.
In denmark (small country) we have our flags freaking everywhere, we don't sing our national anthem every morning (we arent nationalists
Edit2:
Though, you often see some national rules bending this a bit, where one need to do something to qualify for the benefit that the national citizens doesn't need to do
Copenhagen
I also really began watching YouTube videos and streaming movies in English
I think they mean that people sweat way more in warmer climates, and yeah I can see why you might wanna shower more often then
Wereas the Swedish fönster is probably from German Fenster, right
Or central Asian dictatorships
I imagine the same would be true for many naighbors of France for the same reason: Influence by the large kingdom next door.
And if we don't count bridges as common borders, also Sweden and Norway
You can stay in a guest house for a reasonable price, and you can do a day trip to one of the resort islands if you want to experience that.
It´s just really hard to learn :(
It had the Ottoman Empire and different religious doctrines that might not have helped economic growth
I have never been comfortable in short sleeves or shorts for that matter if it is under 15 C. Although in Denmark you see a ton of people wearing summer clothing by the beginning of March
There is no nice weather in denmark
I've never seen one in Denmark
I did check the wiki page, but I missed that part somehow.
Sicilia would like to know your location
It gives you a much better sense of being in a landscape, even as you are inside a city
Yeah, its believed the propaganda is one of the reasons why many Swedes now thing we call him "Christian den gode" (the Good)
Og omkring det med banneret, det var noget jeg tilføjede da jeg lavede min konto for næsten to år siden, og bare ikke har fået ændret
Very weird experience
youre mixing up seperate issues here to pet your own specific hobbyhorse.
Long complexes of massive soviet looking apartment blocks, surrounded by apartment complexes that are basically ghettos
Unlike Finland under Swedish rule
I've never seen that happen
Lots of apologists everytime
Germany, I really like your food
Then some of us took in the tree and started decorating it, some started to cooking and some started making marcipan.
Queen Margrethe II or Margrethe Alexandrine Þórhildur Ingrid
Your government invading some sort of privacy is utterly irrelevant to the terrorists.
This seemed to be the general thing both when I went to secondary with kids from different primary schools, as well as now that I study history at uni - we all basically were taught the same things in primary and secondary
I have read too many creepy comment threads to not lock the door at night
Yep
* Belgium: Their chocolate
Screw that
They are, very
I have practically endless family stories, as incredible as they are uncredible, but most of them have actual sources
(But actually, the word "Fjeldabe" refers to our northern cousins, they have mountains
Det er allerede blevet aftalt at folketingets godkendelse er en formalitet
people here believe the dumbest things in the world.
My stepbothers (a couple of years younger than me) were sent to summer camps a couple of times in the 90s
Fact is, we can't let them in as they are, if they fulfilled the E.U requirements they wouldn't look remotely like they do now.
If we lose trade with USA, we will increase internal trade and trade with other regions than USA.
The first ministry dedicated to the Environment was Danish
That thread is pretty much sarcasm plus people confirming that we do in fact like the US, although we like taking the piss.
Alright, anyone wanna help me carry 348 eggs
Amazing question
I (2nd person plural)
And if not what did curry mean then
Ah yes, those wonderful totally not capitalist companies
Independence for people B, 2
Wait, the faroese limit is 300DKK
And the Gestapo was just doing their jobs
Denmark held Gotland, Helsingborg and Landskrona as well as most of Swedish Pomerania together with the Brandenburgers after the Scanian War
We're getting an experimental signalling system, which is also billions over budget and over time
But it's immoral
It ain't no Great Belt Bridge
I'd stick to the roads and cities mostly, im only a tiny bit crazy but not enough to go out into unknown wilderness.
...and the amount of cinnamon on cinnamon buns.
That's a ridiculous idea and it's based on nothing except wishful thinking about how *oh I hope I get to shoot my gun at someone today*.
There's so many small coins
So there is a part of the Island of Ireland, that isn't Republic of Ireland and isn't Northern Ireland either
Isn’t Finland the happiest country in the world
It's the same on r/etymologymaps \- what's the word for cheese
Whether "a" or "an" should be used is determined by the first letter of the following noun, where "en" and "ett" are random based on gendered nouns
As for the rest
Increasing you consulate presence eightfold in Greenland after realizing a straight up "sale" is a non-option is a fifth
" 90's slang
The whole talk of a "final form" is prety silly to me
That's about spot on
I think Scottish is really fun to listen to, especially when they're screaming slurs
Thank you for adding this
> more rural areas, like Kreuzberg or Friedrichshain
So I hereby give you leave to buy all the beers you want
If you're going to see it make sure that there are no dstractions so that you can fully emerge yourself in it
You guys actually had me going there for a moment
We where sleeping in a tent we rented
6 deaths per 100,000 people)
Don't forget Xi
Fiddling with numbers to reinforce your political point ought to be a moral sin in journalism, however correct your point might otherwise be
Bullitproof vests aren't hard to get here so it might be either a kevlar vest or a stab proof one.
In all of these lists whether they're important or not, i always look at whether or not we've beaten Sweden
And so the 5th became the actual liberation day, where everyone woke up to a war that had finally ended
I found it weird at first, but after a little while I got into it too, and now my wife calls me odd when we're taking a winter walk, and I get a craving for a cone
Especially in a non-Jewish country
And that was it
>55 would be "half of the way to three (starting from two) times twenty and five". (2
I expect Le Pen would be jubilant.
Well, banning any political parties is stupid in my opinion.
edit: And after reading the [German wikipedia article] I learned that there are other similar 'background stories' for *fisimatenten* and they're probably all wrong
I am in bed on my phone so please excuse my brevity...
I don’t know if my friend group is weird or people stop doing it when they’re older (we’re around 18 ish) or what the deal is
Some of us find that accent endearing and even quite sexy
For my own accord
I wish the world was simple enough to just have a list of “countries that don’t like us” on the news lol
Well I’m blond, bearded, tall and blue-eyed, and boy can I eat some Danish while drinking a six pack of beer
Could you expand on that argument, please
The amount of times I've heard the first one at after-ski this February
Yea
Næbdyr (Beak Animal) - Platypus
That means he's not just terribly ignorant about another country (which is excusable) but he's also terribly ignorant about his own
All of Copenhagen is walkable and safe day/night.
RUC is by no means rock bottom and University of Southern Denmark has some real capacities
Everyone is afraid of the supposed WMD's under Putins desk, legitimate reason to fear going against him outside politics imo
Amazing place
We had snow every winter except this one, at least going back to 2016
Yes :D
In Scandinavia 0,1%
Valhalla awaits
Europe has overall smaller cars with better fuel economy and different suspension because the governments of Europe tax fuel and cars more and the roads are generally better
1995
Do you know where it sails next
If they got mad then she would blame people for not supporting feminism
Well, not according to this map.
What is the name of this device?
The one that starts at around 5 minutes is the one that got to me, I honestly still think about it 10 years after having watched it at sixth form:
No, I don't believe that our world would be dominated by democracies if Russia was a superpower, where did you pull that out from?
Sweden, you have to be 20 to buy it in special stores and they’re really strict about it
Oh and btw it kinda cracked me up anyways, regardless of if it was a joke or not
Chili-dressing
We have a lot of weird ones that really don't translate well.
I don't really care about the Christmas creep, though it puzzles me that the people who complain about it don't seem to realize that they're the ones keeping it alive
Your statement is absurd
They didn't haha, Danish people in general just do not care anymore
[I think it's pretty clear that he isn't here for any kind of meaningful discussion] so thank you for that.
Winter depression is s real thing that many people struggle with
But nah
Uh, cuz cars are big
Yes
If you advocate for higher minimum wages, then the wider public reaction won't be that you're Pol Pot incarnated
What kind of life science are you specifically looking for
Icelandic & Faroese names
Jeppe Kofod participated at the seminar and at the party they threw afterwards
People took down the blackout curtains that had been there for 5 years and went into the streets to celebrate
That's actually true
- Norway
In Copenhagen Jutlanders are called substitute Germans and Zealand is the Devils island in Jutland
Actual neighbor friendships are more common in the countryside and small villages
Good to see progress still happen from time to time even in this timeline
It seems obvious that they're bound to have had an impact on the countries they conquered regardless of them being re-conquered later.
Banning islam in Denmark
It is available in Denmark - I have seen it in apartments, and my parents old house had it as well
In a country as small as Denmark, we have somewhat distinctive dialects from each part of the country, though definitely not from village to village as you describe it
The thought that Scandinavians are shy is a misconception, we’re very private people who like to mind our own business
Thats a danish group too
One guy even said it was taught in school in Israel.
Østrig-Ungarn
My parents allowed me to have a tiny little taste when I was around that age but no more
Honestly
You should probably get used to the word if you plan on interacting with us humans in the long term.
They were amazing
I always liked Swedens national anthem "Du gamla, Du fria"... And I'm Danish
And there's 1 point that both green and blue scouts agree on, and that is that FDF aren't real scouts
Joaquin Phoenix's siblings are called River (deceased), Rain, Liberty, and Summer
A sloth is a dovendyr (lazy animal)
Some also work on the other side of the border, though that is less common, I guess, but not unheard of
Ok, hands down, I thought Denmark had a lot of trees
I guess I'm just fucked since I will never know that shit
Fun fact, you can actually see this thing from [Stevns Klint] through some binoculars they have there
I can really good like your idea
ENF is presided by Marine Le Pen and was created by her.
English is quite easy tbh, I've been decent at it for a while
Yes, mainly Germany since my family is from Southern Jutland
How are we to know that you haven't been radicalised, and maybe you don't even put cucumber on your leverpostej smørrebrød anymore?
She was the leader of my political party, before she became a commissioner
Did you call the activation number at the ballot you were given when first issued your new genitals
* Anders Fogh Rasmussen (Respected former Danish prime minister and former  Secretary General of NATO)
Did you get to see what you wanted
Food from India and Greece
could be
Then you go to our version of Sixth Form if you want to - in the Danish, we might cover more events, but our history subject from around year 7, has an analytical approach (can't say with Germany and Italy, though)
Imo it's not that bad
Yeah, it's a tiny bit dated now :)
As a Copenhagener, I’m trying to understand what people don’t like about it
Kinda like in Southern Europe
Road trip movies were they drive for HOURS
Tell that to the Trumpsters though.
The Danes stood out as starting at a higher pay level and reach the top level faster.
Kryddsill (Swedish) = spiced herring
He was a titan amongst men, a figure that could carry a country on his back, better than lutefisk on bread
Almost no other land animal has four legs, right
I'm sorry but do you honestly think ECJ or EU or the member countries will care one bit about booting someone who keeps breaking the rules?
That’s the discussion that will actually lead you to results, instead of talking about culture wars and what not
So maybe they would not have to comply with EU law, in the case where they are not targeted towards EU citizens
True - I have only visited München once to go to the Oktoberfest, and I had a blast
That's not a state, but the "swedish" southernmost region, bordering Denmark (The bloody swedes stole it from us).
Our current PM Lars Lykke Rasmussen has said that when he visited a political convention in USA.
We would reach at least 2% inflation if that happened, or maybe 2 million % inflation
So I don't see what lessons we learned other than don't then stuff we already knew.
Talking loud and taking shoes off in someone's home are the same here in Denmark tho
They’ll never find me alive
Look, it was pretty stupid of us to get into a war with Prussia in the first place
I agree Copenhagen is beautiful but this is a photo of the classic tourist trap Nyhavn
WW2 is convered almost entirely around Europe + a bit of north Africa
Iceland scores high because they don't have an army.
The best we can do as humans is understand our own psychological limitations and how dangerous small datasets are
Nevermind, it was it
But of course there will be hypocrites, there always are.
I personally know many people that are really accepting of same sex marriage but not same sex couples adopting.
Belgien - Belgium
I dont think its 10m, but officilly its for boars (which can carry disease, specificlly  hoot-and-Mouth Disease which we dont have in Denmark, and we have a significant pork industrty, so getting it would be very bad), it will have holes in it anyway for smaller wildlife, so its not like it will stop anything
And you are right in the understanding that it's mostly digital here, we have E-Boks to receive pretty much any information from the government or other government related institutions
As long as you don’t follow every word written in a book 1000+ years old
If you suddenly have people from (GOD FORBID!!) Sweden making laws in Denmark, the whole country would start rioting.
The entire film series [The Prince and Me]
At least, that's what I am going to do all year round to traitors.
For a long time, I wasn't really able to tell the difference between Norwegian and Swedish
Denmark: When at home on my own as a student - frozen meals and coffee from the bakery down the street
The Frozen sisters are Norwegian but could also be Danish, at least by looks, with a squirrel or a horse instead of a snowman and reindeer
Yeats (or someone else well known) have written the same story about a bridge in France, and later someone drew a comic based on his interpretation
If the Arab world would’ve been stable, and if the most extreme groups would not be funded by Saudi oil money (+ Iran and others)
Denmark too
I'm just against any form of superpower countries in general.
We tend to take things way too lightly compared to other countries
Though, you often see some national rules bending this a bit, where one need to do something to qualify for the benefit that the national citizens doesn't need to do
Germany has 14 times the population of Denmark.
I worded it like that because there is a tendency to stereotype every European cuisine other than France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal as horrendous and bland
“It’s very different than the urban myth back here, you know, the ‘seven-minute pour
Or the dane show up with cross on fire...
Mostly I would say Danes are not taught an opinion about him at all
"When the Norwegians ask if they can have large parts of the North Sea, say no
I'm just here to say the Norwegian cheese slicer is way inferior to the wire cheese slicer
committed to an institution
Not as many Migrants will come if they think they'll be stuck in Greece as if they think once they get to Greece they'll be moved to Germany or Poland and be able to walk to Germany.
Looks like a cool place to visit.
You are twisting my words, I didn't say that all of the US was the same or that there wasn't any differences in food or traditions.
Also, your restaurant industries have been build so severs are relying on costumers' good-will in order to be able to make enough money to pay rent / eat the next day
> The idea that we have "no go zones" is pretty laughable
I learned enough to convince people that don't speak russian that I did speak it, but I didn't learn very much
almost /r/AccidentalRenaissance
For an example, to talk backwards in danish is "snakke bagvendt", but it becomes "bakke snagvendt" when you swap the first consonant clusters
committed to an institution
Not since the German Stem duchies, which ceased being genuine tribal states by the end of the Dark Ages
Also usually infused with herbs and other stuff
Should I spend a few days in every country to experience all cultures, or should I pick a handful of countries to spend a week at?
Henry = Henrik
45 for a plain croissant
How can you feel safe living there
While the notes themselves get longer and longer, why does it not start with the shortest bridge for the 50kr note and then use longer and longer bridges as you go up in value
Guess we'll find out in 9 days
Seems to have gone a bit out of fashion though
My favourite one in Danish is "dram", which means a shot of snaps, comes from the Arabic "drachme" meaning a small quantity
We need to put a phoenix on our flag.
>We don't really hate the swedes
People from London will often have trouble understanding colloquial Welsh or Cornish, and as you know Cockney is a chapter of its own.
PUB G by Branco
The Royal Power shall be inherited by men and women in accordance with the provisions of the Succession to the Throne Act, 27th March, 1953
Some years ago a Christmas calendar tv show called The Julekalender, popularised a lot of phrases one of which was said by the main character Oluf Sand
Yea like Russia and Pluto
30+ = too hot
My kids are 17 and 20 years old amd they have been to 10-12 different countries in their life
I have never heard the word "buttneck" before, but that would make sense
It's just that your comment was incredibly stupid.
Is it just me or just that look horrible
> Kööpenhamina
The north/south europe is a difference between mentality, between religions, between the warm mediterranean and the icy north sea, between beer and vine, between beets and olives
Most of us here though, did go to school in the early 90s and early 00s though, I'm aware that we've gotten better at telling the story within the last 10ish years :)
Just like how sarma(kåldolmere) came to Scandinavia
Et Kastel er en Fæstning der beskytter en by.
I lived in the Southern part of Jylland my whole childhood, but we were never taught in school how to speak the dialect there, so I never learned it
Hated it
On May 9th 2020, the documentary led to a majority of the Danish parliament voting to initiate a government hearing
If the phone companies want me to buy their product they best make sure to make something I like, and which is better than the other options available
So not really a necessary evil but something that benefits us as long as it does not go to far.
Many countries clearly don't want a political union Denmark included.
All those religious groups that were hunted around Europe for their extremism went to America to avoid it
Would be [nice] if you credited [OpenStreetMaps] for providing you with free data to base your business on
So basically: Germans love physics
Maybe some fields, that are hard to get in to or are viewed a harder study, are regarded higher than others
As a Dane - I'm sorry for a messy breakup
In fact, it forms a gradient, with the easternmost parts of the country around Kent and East Anglia having the most Anglo-Saxon DNA, and the west having the least
Let's face, every language sounds better spoken by a girl.
In my circle, it's often seen as a small "roadtrip" done with friends and family for fun and such
In farms it's also common to have straw-burners (to feed the central heating system)
Wall scrolls, Katanas, Waifu pillows
Then *those* people turned to *their* friends and commented how silly that was, after which those last friends were also asked to show ID
I just want to add that the standard vaccinations are free
Not according to Copenhageners
I believe they've decided not to comment on Scotland and Catalonia.
A long, thin bread in Danish is af flûte, which means flute in French
Big parties absorb issues rather than raise them.
I think we all know the kinda comments to this post
We have no islands next to Antarctica, Norway has
Thanks
Answer: Ok flexer
If your project is large enough delivery is free, for small projects you have to pay
I Got some more ill post Them if you like these
Also:
Sometimes we use the [Norwegian type] as well, but it makes a mess out of the softer danish cheeses
Poirot is just so fucking cool
The UK was one of the warmest countries in Europe today, it was even colder in parts of Spain and Italy
The conditions on Greenland were so bad, that child mortality was very high because of tuberculosis among other thing
And there's also a site, where the first villages, where there was a clear house size difference was found - which is believed to be the first "king" or at least tribe leader, who had the domination over more land, which is believed to be directly affected by a roman friendship, when the Romans still had their kinda friendly foreign policy
Brexit - The anti-EU plan that has, time and time again, undermined anti-EU politicians' arguments
Odd, I'm taking my masters in history now and it's something thats discussed a lot in the topic, that we until recently didn't tell the truth to the broader public
Norway is a beautiful country, though
What an utterly ridiculous strawman
That is a hilarious comment
That must be a swedish thing
It doesn't make anyone closer, it doesn't mean we help each other more, doesn't make trade between us easier...It's just somewhere to talk for a year and go home and wait until next year....It proved it had no power when it could do nothing with Zimbabwe or Fiji walked away from democratic values
raisins in buns are a disgrace and should be thrown into the øresund
There is no functional EU defense framework
The Danish number system is weird.
Try the speaker symbol on the normal language, and you can see soft K is not used
Because why not
Eller "Jeg vil gerne bede om rødgrød" eller "Vil du være venlig at give mig rødgrød", men der er ikke én vending eller ét ord, der dækker please
Nearly every nation once had some sort of imperial power, or at least a local power-projection over other nations, and the ones that didn't certainly weren't being push-overs out of the goodness of their hearts
I don't know anyone who doesn't store them in the fridge at home
i dont really care if there would be placed a base in Denmark
And as always, if you have any ideas for the survey, criticisms, questions you want added, or just wanna say hi, leave a comment down below, and we'll take it from there
Yep, in Danish the word for both kite and dragon are drage
I like sandwiches made from baguettes, danish ryebread (rugbrød) gets stale to eat after a while.
I sometimes use topographic maps in Denmark
One of them even has a joke t-shirt with Hitler on it.
The German Association of  Pediatricians   called for a ban  recently
I'd say H C Andersen is probably most common
Why go to Lebanon and request a meeting with a mufti and then be offended by him?
To follow your logic we could say that instead of Denmark sending so much money to EU, EU could instead choose Danish export articles to be sent to countries in need of them
The only phrase I remember was something like "that's my bike", which I'm sure will come in handy
The best rule of thumb is, I think, when in doubt, don't compound
Make sure to properly dose
Yeah, I've never heard that one either.
I mean it is, but in [packets] Do you guys have a dude the supermarket to cut cheese and salami for you
The roof is much better in every single way.
The Royal Guard still serves 12 though.
Not Americans about an earthquake days ago that was completely unrelated
(Edit: spelling)
The English examples you mentioned sound fine, too
Addtional, "väder" seriously, hva' fuck Sverige
There has been an explosion in construction along the harbour front and in an old military site which is now full of archictecture seen in the link
i.e. maintainable
Liberation Day maybe
Nobody is "dus" with the queen, except for close friends and family
Perhaps more a southern suburb than an actual city, but goddamn, you have to look far to find anything nearly as terrible
"Tis just a small one"
Swedens are weird, sorry
Seems a lot to accomplish and decide for a group of two or three people.
All the wars we have had have been [during the reign of Kings] so maybe that explains some part of it.
Also Denmark is missing whilst Sweden is there which really makes this the worst thing posted on here recently.
In 2015 international news blew up a story about my local zoo dissecting an already dead lion, in front of an audience
Ahaha what
You are arguing for unprofitable and unethical businesses to be saved
I also suppose that this has a say in why the American police can be quite trigger happy; everybody could have a gun so they're taking no chances
I'm obviously joking mate, we don't have a whole lot of "pro Russians" in Denmark.
The name means “The Half-Dane” and first appears in the sagas describing the Viking raids in England
That's true, but it serves as an important lingua franca between the ethnic groups nonetheless, and the number of speakers is only prospected to increase over the years
(And before that 'Tjekkoslovakiet') I have never heard anyone using "Den Tjekkiske Republik" (The Czech Republic) at all.
I truly hope that the EU steps up to fill in the vacuum left by Trump's regime, as the forerunner of the western world and the safeguard of democracy
Glas(s) DK Glass, SE ice cream
That is if Russia will guarentee the territorial integrity of its neighbours
i got a bike as a birthday present when i was 4
It is worth noting there's a clear difference between Green and Blue scouts
I'm royalty, bby
Practically every car in this part of Denmark has a tow hook, and every second household has a trailer, so
It's where I always stay in Prague, and never really encountered anything in that regard
Because I almost exclusively eat “Rugbrød” for lunch and I don’t think it’s common many other places
Isn't this military (as opposed to police)
Also onions boths raw and fried and pickle slices.
Turkey: The mosques in Istanbul
It's hilarious to read about, but it's really tragic at the same time
Of Cooperation, Peace and Unity?
Plus, this is all happening on a geological timescale
It's about dressing up and having a party.
It's also situated so you could easily make a day trip to Sweden, or a weekend trip to Germany if you want to see a bit more of Europe.
Everybody knows that your educational system rocks
The 5000 year old breathing and meditation techniques are inceedibly powerful
Until someone start to build
DANMARK
But can we please have Holstein back
Mainstream politicians get a lot of bad rep, but I think it beats fringe politicians
I remember once my dad "ordered" froglegs from a semi expensive restaurant that didn't take orders because it was his birthday, that was hilarious
I mean there is a lot of people working in the state that are not elected by people
But most adhere very strictly to the foraging movement, and only makes it with things you realistically can find in Scandinavia
The Elves call Geralt "Gwynbleidd", and *gwyn* is Welsh for "white", while *bleidd* is Welsh for "wolf". The Elven forest of Brokilon is clearly named after Brocéliande, which is a forest in the Arthurian mythos, Arthur being originally Welsh
I have a lot of fond memories from Philly.
>Hey, if you give me €20 I'll give you €50" and you'd say "BUT I WANT TO SPEND THE €20 ON MYSELF".
So it basically becomes a lottery to determine who has to defer whatever else they planned to do by a couple of months while their friends get on with their lives.
Christian the 7th was litterally insane
You are free to leave though
But with other foreign state flags you would need to fly Dannebrog next to the foreign flag to obtain a permission
I always carry these 4 things with me everywhere I go: Phone, keys, pocket knife and my wallet with credit cards, emergency cash, drivers license, organ donor registration, misc membership cards and stuff like that
You don't even wanna know the things we have done to your tacos hombre
Denmark has a opt out so we aren't obligated to join the Euro at any point in the future, not to mention how almost the entire population is against joining.
I personally hope that Article 13 will mean that sites like YouTube have to be more active regarding copy right strikes so that the system doesn't get abused like it does today
Often instead of "which" or at other times as a completely redundant word
I will agree that southern dishes *look* fancier though with a lot more colors etc
Yeah, I don't know anyone else who can match that level of superstition
Denmark and below freezing don't go hand in hand
But not close to US or China power.
I think a lot of people would actually answer yes to that, as we could then just build a fence and keep the migrants out.
Well, I'm sceptical about this map
Gypsy is more a lifestyle than an ethnic classification
DON'T FORGET THE NARUTO RUN
Like: What constitutes a healthy meal, seems to be very different
Eggs have to be in the fridge in the supermarket
We have trains going to Sweden a couple of times per hour, and a dozen or so daily departures for Germany.
"We support global rules on data treatment". I wonder how many times he had to stop himself from laughing out loud
Meaning there's really just shared history between the countries of Wales and England for less than 240 years, which is basically a blink of an eye in terms of history that far back
Totally normal here, but the tap water from Copenhagen are a lot harder so some people would buy bottled water and store it, but only if it's on sale at your local Rema1000
It's barely been below freezing in Denmark this winter
You're just overreacting
They're shamelessly using Jo Coxx murder to push further surveillance.
median household incomes are not some made up numbers
Remember we are not part of the eurozone
Because when I was there, I remember them telling me that it took a fair bit longer before the sun reached above the surrounding mountains
Also English has become the language of the Internet.
Not uniquituous in Denmark at all
I'm looking forward to seeing our teams compete
In your culture, what feels illegal even though it technically isn’t?
and that obviously leads to way more problems "feeling at home" in a new country
Same here, but that situation where you have to do 10 handshakes at once at a job interview can feel comedic really fast.
I seriously did this yesterday
For the most part, I'm not too fussed about it.
I mean, you exit in the back or the middle in Copenhagen, so you would have to either walk up and thank them before you exit, or yell it across the bus  even when I didn't live in Copenhagen I would have found that excessive
There might have been some norwegian sailors who were hurt
[source]
It depends on which country you're in.
"Spurgt", originally meaning "asked", became a way of saying "did I ask
Not if you're not a German citizen
They don't actively say that you must not do it, but it is certainly a lot more negative than the AAP
My brother puts the butter on the side with holes
Germans created hell for non Germans, they expirienced some of it for a brief time
In Danish 32 would be two-and-thirty
Watch Spooks
I would just change it so that fatass Swedish king and his whole sutpid army went straight through the ice
In Asia the stray dogs are pretty chill, never seen an aggressive one
Like when Elizabeth holds speeches in the colonies
Well after what Fox news did for Trump, I'll believe anything.
It’s just
Everything in there is amazing.
> Living in a quite homogeneous country with not so much diversity, it’s practically impossible to tell where somebody is from based on their names
The software running on them is not audited in any meaningful way.
-5c to 5c : "Motherfucking shit winter fucking winter weather
**It is capitalist**. Sweden is, as all other states on Earth, a capitalist state
Lidl is slightly better than a couple of the other discount supermarkets
the blue ones are only in the very center of Copenhagen (guess they got too tired of tourists not getting the point), whereas my example is in the entirety of Copenhagen as well as other larger danish cities
WW2 we maybe spent half a year on in seventh grade, and then it was also mentioned here and there - but in general, we covered everything from Vikings to the fall of The Wall, and everything in between
The same kind of prejudice that leads Copenhageners to discount all of Jutland and its people because of it being "the countryside".
The lowest educated voted for the PVV.
People who don't like the EU are on both sides of the political spectrum.
For people who are fascinated by Europe in the middle ages up to the enlightenment, i can strongly reccomend the game eu4
Are there any ongoing conflicts in the Balkans
Today Bulgaria wasnt overrun by the lizard people
It won't.
u/Sir_Maukalot did you finish it
[Junior Senior - Move Your Feet]
In Europe liberalism is more of less the ideology of Milton Friedman.
Your skinny Swedish geese are no match for our Danish fullfats
Judges have a lot of leeway and it is normal that they stipulate a mandatory sentence you have to serve and a window of opportunity where you can apply for early release depended on your "behavior".
American cultural influence on Europe is immense, and perhaps that's why we're so frustrated with your politics, because we can't really do anything about it, but it does affect us a great deal
You got me there
It was such a relief coming home, and I had no idea it would be like that, having had no particular fondness for my native tongue before that experience
Army and police are deployed to ensure the killing is done as swiftly and efficiently as possible
I'd like to see the source of that, because I see the Scandinavian countries like a bunch of brothers
Yeah compared to what I’ve seen from years of being on this sub, I feel like we actually don’t have that much regional and dialectal variety compared to most countries
No it does not
So while people may not be "actively" religious, or believers or whatever, religiosity still is so deeply ingrained in the cultural fabric of societies, and really show that secularism hasn't penetrated into culture (yet)
Afaik they’re gassing the minks
2) Japanese man who worked abroad this one week was very fond of me working at such an age
My brother, however, would basically drink 1 liter per day
Years of humiliation, torture and death could not be dismissed off handedly
While getting my haircut yesterday, my barber told me that his brother, just bought a bunch of canned food
You're pretty heavily invested in pushing that Armenia is European when they're clearly not
We are always awkward about that
for example, here in the north openly talking to strangers and/or otherwise being loud will be seen quite negatively, and will *not* make you popular
worth of snus, and sell it back in Denmark
Frankfurt is one of the most depressing cities in Europe together with Brussels.
Hehe, "*minge*"...
Taking hashish
The monopoly trade on Iceland was not particular lucrative as the point of it was to keep prices low and under market value, so the very poor population on Iceland still could afford it, even though things like grain became very expensive on the free market
Given the time period, I guess you could call them Nazis, whom people are all too eager to suspend the rule of law to punish.
When they speak, almost all the time, it takes are VERY long time to get rid of an accent, and they are rarely similar to the native English accents
Other
Writes in English and most also talks in English online
They do indeed
I remembering visiting Russia in high school and meeting with a danish professor there who had studied danish more than 40 years
Trusting the Big Blue Blob is a fast way to lose half your provinces and all your vassals.
Were the lands of the Geats and Sveas not united in a single country before Vasa
I think the main part is that so many europeans have *felt* the road difference in Belgium
Polen - Poland
You mean the EU
There are only 11, McDonald’s is probably more preferred here
Polish to me is the snake whisperer language
I don't believe he thinks Russians are ethnically superior or gods choosen people.
It's an odd situation where, in principle, they have no autonomy whatsoever, whereas in reality, they are more independent than, say, Scotland in the UK
Odense (Denmark)
Everybody knows what Ribena is
They also did it with a bit of cheek - whereas The Prince and Me takes itself about as seriously as a romcom can
Feel free to use it
A city as soft as a body"
Our 600 years of slow but steady decline in relevance has left us tougher than the toughest - we can take it
We might be able to fail next year, would that count?
Nytorv
Very few Danes come to Nyhavn for Nyhavn
> To make new factories, Greece will need to import German machinery which will be relatively more expensive
After 1953 Denmark no longer had any external territories as Greenland with the implementation of the constitution was incorporated into Denmark (some one hundred years later than the Faroe Islands)
Prismæssigt er en kradser billigere end fx en hotdog
I wonder why Sweden is checking passports of people traveling from Copenhagen to Malmø, when clearly it should be the other way around.
I think I've been ruined by living in Copenhagen for the last seven years - I'm practically half Swede by now
Laws that other European countries have - -
Functionalism took over
Ow my corona
Now that's cheap
I doubt that people will take you in like that
China, Saudi Arabia, Russia etc.
Get the kame F\*\*\*\*\*\* låså out
I have lived roughly 1/3 of my life in the town I was born, 1/3 in Copenhagen and 1/3 where I live now
But don't you have to have some needed skill or marry a European?
Probably shouldn't go into details about by whom, when and why.
Just checking in from Denmark so all of you can praise us
Edit:
For everyone else who doesn't know about the Canadian-Danish war, here is some completely neutral information:
No one but the absolute minority of people are out to destroy the lives of 'brown people' when they voted for Brexit or Trump or anything like that.
You don't put the Bundeswehr in the same group as the British Army and Armée d'Terre.
The US isn't in a liquidity trap.
In Copenhagen
Is that the BS line your government fed you when they 'forgot' to charge Apple taxes?
And yes, usually simple first names serving as middle names, though they also tend to be somewhat obscure or even outright foreign
It's merely his own bias showing through that he believes such a simplistic smear against his political opponents is accurate
They are not 20 times less nutritious though and thats how much you spend of feeding cows.
Jutland is a mosaic of farmland, heaths, forests and small towns
quality small-talk right there
really embarising
To be honest I call it Holland when speaking Danish and The Netherlands when speaking English on purpose.
His mentality was Danish, his eating habits were Danish, his humor was Danish, he didn't care about religion in more than a cultural sense, he'd drink alcohol with us etc
The EU has done many things that have fueled anti-EU feelings.
And the drunkest
Oh do Bulgaria I want to send it to my friend please
Is Taffel Finnish
but still no US or China (or anything remotely close)
Untill we get more letters in the alphabet, we are stuck with this
Hope you have a good one :)
You just transferred German money to the Greek economy
Meh, they need to be Conservative-Liberal or Socialdemocratic, otherwise I don't think they stand a chance.
* "
Let me preface by saying clearly that I have a nuanced opinion on this, but integration would’ve have been relatively more easy if
Appealing to the supreme court could take years more.
It's just so bad
Po valley tho
> It's just a lame excuse for your government to get around current treaties
Those few hours I realized I was feeling truly happy, and I'll cherish that memory until I die
They were generally just so rude, loud and obnoxious
Amazing how badly managed the UK is
The authorities have access to so much information about citizens that those who claim to be living separately is automatically checked by the authorities.
If you knew that, then you really wouldn't feel that way.
That feel when your country's higest point is lower than The Neatherlands higest point :(
France: going up in the eiffel tower overlooking paris
There's no way in hell an independent Sapmi would be able to claim all that land.
Though generally I'm not scared at all
My boss also recently got married and brought in a cake
I thought the parliament was in Brussels
Thats calculated on the total spending on health care actually both from the state and private people, so much for paying for healthcare through taxes being more expensive
Oh yeah, I know plenty of sensible and smart and well-informed Americans.
At least it's nice and quiet here :)
Well, it's not bad
FREUDE
Never seen it in Denmark nor anywhere else I've been in Europe
However, as I explained in another comment, rather than the result of socialist struggle, we should see it as the result of class struggle
Oh no, I think you hit rock bottom in 2016
It always surprises me how often Danes end up taking roles playing all other Northern nationalities
Don't really care about it, but the drama is fun.
There are 0 reasons to not invest
What the hell is this shit
What does Cyprus have to do with it.
Traveling further and giving tales of land as far as Egypt they were also more studied than the vast majority of mudfarmers in Britain.
> When I team up with Romanians in Counter Strike, I somehow always ask them what they think about Ceausecu
The original Danish article says something else
Seems like such a nice place
Do not worry, it happens from time to time
If there was a new guy in the office he'd get a handshake though, just to introduce myself etc
I - You(plural)
'' feeling, they should be assured that there's people ready to defend and keep them safe if need be
Are you trying to start a Finnish invasion?
Have a good day now :)
The EU is in a self-perpetuated democratic crisis.
Never forget that day the vikings saved the great treasuries of Lindesfarne from a great fire ️️️
They basically helped abolish the early retirement scheme for the sake of the state finances.
- The soft d. Insert dick joke here
but not taking your shoes off when you get home
Another thing: It only occurred to me a few days ago, but politicians actually cannot get fired since they are technically employed by the people
I mean that makes sense
There is pretty much a broad consensus on sane immigration policies across the political spectrum.
if you go outside, you will see people under the age of 18
I’ve been having this problem in a kinda twisted way
Maybe some of the less populist parties should actually try listening to the people then.
I think we are 3 in my class of 10 boys with long hair (including me)
In mid February
I know, I decided on the hyphens so that the translation would make a bit more sense
Instead I vote “defensively”.
Our best one is "at nosse sig sammen" = "to balls yourself together" (doesn't make literal sense in Danish either), when you gotta pull yourself together and do that thing you're supposed to
After a while they acclimate and adapt
Just like he did when he was alive
I like ananas but it completely overwhelms the taste of everything else on the pizza
Our former government spent a decade trying to "improve effectiveness" in Post Danmark, by reducing budgets and laying off anyone with a long employment history
Stram kurs gaining massive popularity
There may have been more, but it feels like a very uncommon thing to me
Japan's Shinkansen is certainly used by commuters
Afaik it hasn't made the virus more or less lethal
Kamilla/Camilla
Without capitalism you'd probably not be able to post that shit
What Germans can do with pork - yummy yummy yummy.
Is this the twelfth thread you've copy-pasted this to?
Europe is not the socialist "paradise" you think it is.
You have my sympathies
When Aarhus university came out and said that it had not come from them, members of the government threatened to cut their funding.
Had the Ekofish field been known at the time, I'm sure the Danish-Norwegian discussions had been somewhat more difficult
it is now
What the fuck are they saying
No, parents aren't religious, or even married, they've had shared economy/bank account for the last..
Edit: as it is pointed out in a comment in this thread, they do in fact have the rights to her work
And again, in that comparison, we're not the Americans, we're the Indians
That's the university I was planning on going to to get work experience!
We ended up in an outdoor pool at 8 degrees celcius in the rain, but the pool was 38 degrees (which is nice and warm)
which is a much more powerful message to send for unions and parties, IMO
>I can imagine Copenhagen being better
That picture is a bit disturbing, is that Turkish skeletons?
>Sorry, but your personal opinion doesn't really matter here in regards to this so
* Sweden: IKEA, Volvo and great lactose free products
I think it's good to be mindful of stuff like this
enthusiasts
Just imagine how good friends we could be if that happened
I've had this exact same thing happen
It’s that weird going up one octav norwegians do at the end of a sentence, makes it hard to focus on wtf they’re saying
My problem with it, is that it is arbitrarily applied to healthcare, and that it basically means that the word 'free' no longer has meaning
The EU does the exact opposite and you're not allowed to make special tax deals
Also we do that weird thing with the letter D. Actually pretty much any of B, D, G do strange sounds after vowels
I write "α". My handwriting looks like the one of a 5-year-old, so it would look completely ridiculous if I tried to go refined by writing "a".
I agree
I said “... without much concern for economic AND cultural factors” these two things are not mutually exclusive
I guess it's just because you recognise english loan words immediately as loanwords when you hear them in Danish
The grammar is simple, except for when it comes to determine wether to choose “en” or “et” as the indefinite article and “den” or “det” as the definite article
Especially Gaelic given its a Celtic language and there aren’t many Celtic languages alive to begin with
And it just isn't. And if you point out that many of their issues simply doesn't exist in places like Denmark, they freak and tell you, you're in denial or anti-feminism
And holy shit, look at the size of the area where temperatures are between 10° and 20° Celsius
The most fascinating and Dutch thing to me is that they remembered to include the bicycle path next to the motorway
Denmark birthdays in school: Usually the person who has their birthday a weekend before school or exact day brings some candy or something for everyone who wants it (some people don't like this or that)
Another one was when I'd tell people that I was from Denmark, way too many would respond "oh, so you speak dutch
Their arguments are somewhat stranded on either "identifying as Europeans", "Armenia had somr ties to The Roman Empire",  or that they are Christian
For some godforsaken reason, Danes *insist* on trying to pronounce English place-names and brands in the English way, instead of just pronouncing it like a Dane would
I regret it now as it's obviously very unhealthy and cost me a ton of money.
Me too
It is perfectly legal to drink a beer while driving a car or riding the bike
Sadly, the thing that makes me know where Sarajevo is located is that it was where the Temple of Nod was located in the Tiberium Wars series
Dansk Folkeparti after reading your post has closed the borders to Canadian passport holders...
Or do I think a sick Italian guy should be able to move here just to take advantage of our healthcare system?
I was so close to forgetting the sarcasm and actually being annoyed there, well played
I've been there lots of times and only met other people maybe twice
Mountain Danes don't count
There is of course floating turbines in development but they are still an expensive option
Does the rule still not apply to Faroe islands and Greenland
Yes it's quite common and old fashioned, we usually put mayonnaise and black pepper on top.
Pizza, maybe even Swawarma or kebab.
and then I'm just wtf is wrong with my native language it's just horrible
The article linked literally says that it was described as a genocide in the title.
60 = tres
Well we are shit at football at the moment, Croatia, Iceland, and Belgium i'm very jealous
Lohikeitto is amazing - and we tasted it right after a round of ice-fishing, so a bowl of soup was perfect
Then shouldn't the slogan be "murders in jail"?
It is pathetic
Seriøst
She was trying to convince me that because I speak English and had completed a Bachelor's degree, I must be in the top tier for in-demand jobs
My numbers are from last year, and only pertaining to Denmark.
That's all fine,  but then why just "U" the first time
Same for danish, i have never seen the â in Denmark before
So if wanting Slesvig-Holstein means we danes got small penises, then you guys must be a bunch of pussies, going by your own logic
I would say this[ photo from the migrant crisis of 2015]
They start by getting basically everything wrong about our royal house (we don't have a king, we have a queen
It's also common for people to flavour their own snaps using herbs, nuts, berries
> it's just that pan Scandinavism never got the same traction in 19th century like pan germanism and pan italianism did
Outstanding exhibitions and also some pretty unique findings
This shifted the attention from the state of Rome to the Catholic church.
Now you learned a fellow Danish person something new
Has been in many fights with Denmark
Are those 15000 refugees going to be from Syria, part of the Kurdish population or just normal Turks?
Let's have the English pay Danegeld again
Semi-related side note: I bought a six-pack of toilet paper when I was out shopping today, because we ran out in the guest bathroom
In my experiences french people are huuuuuuuge stoners.
We have hjemkundsskab too
He barely spoke English, and his terrible speeches are still joked about today
It seems to me that those values usually mean wild unrestricted immigration from the world to Europe and upholding the status quo
Translated into stupider English
It is still used to describe the size of farms, but I think it has changed to something more exact
With Denmarks small population so much legislation would be imposed on us if we where to be part of a European federation.
I haven't heard anyone even commenting on "Damn tourists!" or anything like that.
That's way too cool
The little Mermaid statue
The "Diarrhea" is to picture a person who doesn't exist I think (the name being ridiculous and all), and being in a nonexistent person's field, you are quite far away from any form if civilisation
Seriøst
"Lam" means both lamb and paralyzed.
That forum is a goldmine hahaha
Burger king medium soda is 0,89 L.
The Danish state was an absolute monarchy at the time, which meant he couldn't be declared insane and thus was forced to stay in power to keep up the power balance of the state and the court
It’s beautiful in there
How do you pass it around
They are just boring and forgettable
Hell, the Catalans have a much more solid foundation, and even then, their prospects are sketchy at best
Post brexit I'd wager
Denmark so angelic perfect, monks at Lindisfarne simply died from awe when they saw us
Sorry for oversharing, it's just hard not to
Apple is creating a gigantic server farm in Jutland that is going to circulate excess heat to houses in the area.
I'm also a student - I get by with a student job and my SU
In denmark and basically all of scandinavia is vikings and we hear it from every one
No, that has not always been the case.
They bring in experts who say, hey, I know you are coming from eritrea or kenya or somewhere else and the deny these facts.
If you're a tourist no one expects you to speak Danish.
That means less growth but also it's more prepared for a future crisis.
Thanks you Germany for your cheap everything and awesome autobahn
I would actually love feedback from Russian speakers on the three Danes that are always playing Russian:
Kroatien - Croatia
80 = firs
That makes sense, here we have big problems with begging even though it's technically illegal.
>Ah, no can do, they need to pay us back first
Romeo and Juliet also seems to be popular
And an Elvis museum which is build to look like his home in Memphis, which is expensive and not worth the money
When you just thought that winter was over :(
Right over
For example a Greek worker makes a car, a German buys it in Germany, so you made money by exporting it
People just eat it throughout December
Just specifying the colours of the flag would leave a bunch of options these days, including a much larger more famous country (sorry U.K)
I love these pictures
Edit: okay sorry for asking
Did not stop and get out though
Macron is more of a putinophile than Melenchon
The form of government shall be that of a constitutional monarchy
Note that this is a very loose definition of domestic, in regards to the Danish flights.
Also, some exams are cancelled, so we only have 3
It takes allot of work to make a peaceful semi-functioning society
Arguably not even to Europe, but they were instrumental to Europe's safety during the cold war
> do the spindles
It's a great song and even greater band, check out a live version on Youtube
The ones where the grass was always green and soft, and no plants dried up and died because of the heat
My mom's family has been sailors for ages
If Denmark doesn't get rid of the exemption on defense, then such a HQ would be without us.
Morgenmad (morning food)
Are you sure you are not Austrian
We have just as little here in Denmark
Same for me too xD
And smooth snakes
Actually last year or was it 2 years ago, Facebook opened a new data center in Odense Denmark so would that be for  nothing if they stop operating
I also respect their decisions to protect their border, even though, I don´t agree with Orban on many issues
It's not just a group of states ganging together, it is quite literally an attempt at uniting Europe.
Men det er i hvert fald ikke en stereotyp i Østjylland
I feel fragile and very mortal
But every country, every region, every city state etc.
The commision consisting of people appointed by the governments, the governments that don't want this.
Fine, as long as the others adopt our propotions and color
Every day we pray for them, that a god, should he exist, will end their miserable lives, and unburden ours.
what is the origin and the causes?
It's pretty obvious that Scotland can't offer free education to the rest of the UK with the ways the prices in the rest of their country are going
To compare I got 92% with Europe getting a mistake in Balkan
While that’s true, they were born to said Muslim migrants
Not that commen, but still something you see now and then
There, it really feels like streets were designed for cycling, and cars only allowed if there was enough space, and always on the cyclists’ premises
You think I give the remotest of fucks about anyone who thinks anecdotes constitute arguments?
This is crazy
Seems pretty stupid to blame the EU for corporations looking for every way to get around laws, be it taxes or services.
Watching the video, the 'set on fire' seems deliberately misleading or sensationalist.
My budgies used to do the same.
I enjoy not being "bothered" when I'm just out and about in public, just because I'm going shopping doesn't mean I'm interested in talking to every random person I see on the way there
Cold really doesn't bother me at all.
if you're a refugees who's going back to your own country as soon as possible, but if you plan on staying in the new country you're going to have to integrate and "become Norwegian" (or wherever you are) if you want yourself and your kids to have the best chance in life, to feel at home, to have local friends etc
Not really we are part of NATO and have no border disputes with anyone, so militarily we are pretty safe.
[yes, really
But I say it like this  [kʰøb̥m̩ˈhɑʊ̯ˀn]
It's simply that it's such a "neutral" dialect I think
Even Danes have it tough with genders
Synagogues, mosques, and some churches still segregate the place where women and men sit.
It's hilarious to read about, but it's really tragic at the same time
"And active opposition to any form of nationalism"
Practise also needs to be compliant with EU law
I'd imagine it's exactly because it's cheap that beer and cider is personal - everybody should be able to afford it, plus its stable in any Danes diet  spirits, however, are an indulgence which not everyone can afford and are therefore more likely to be shared
Petersborg
I was even invited to some weddings
Yes
Never heard that here, most of the people I know use Hotmail
I dunno if you had time to visit Aros and Den Gamle By while you were here, but they are both quite world class as well, although I'm not tha tmuch into art
1) Full transparency of EU finances.
It's only really Harghita and Covasna, where Hungarians are the majority
Yeah, funny how we are making fun of Americans and their anti-maskers
Honestly, that woman I would have assumed was Danish - in fact, she looks a lot like [I do] especially when it comes to [facial features]
That's cute Murica, but I think we'll pass
Judicial authority shall be vested in the courts of justice
But in a knife fight, that's generally not the objective
That's so cool
In Danish we have "fyraften" which is 'feierabend'.
That being said, I think this paragraph seems positive:
Absolutely - when I went on an exchange to the UK, I taught the game to the friends I made at my Sixth Form
It’s called ‘flair’
Niflheim - 5° = winter jacket
actually NOBODY dresses like that
It's not like Columbus crossing the Atlantic
Just use the norwegian words
Imagine, You (as EU) have a fitness centre, and the UK is a member of that
I've never experienced that before at a museum
We drink it on holidays mostly
I love towns that are old enough to be a part of the landscape rather than looking like something that has quite clearly been added to the landscape
Virgin Swede VS Chad Icelandic
A society where the choice is either status-quo or reaction
No we don’t, that’s a myth
This is false
I think I was 5
You are like our mental challenged cousin
The Indian yogis who developed modern yoga or the kind of yoga most people think of with all the focus on stretching and bending took inspiration from Danish/Swedish gymnastics
Such good memories
Those names aren't German, though
More here: [Google translate]
We have it in danish as well it's called "nakkeost" don't ask me why
After the whole "Worst Phone call yet" between Donald Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, I am hoping that the Australians actually get on board with this one!
Officially Denmark has male only conscription.
Why should we
Foreigners also struggle a lot with Danish numbers....
Where Denmark could have claimed the entire lost territory back, but made a referendum instead.
So when you actually speak out against unequality or corruption you can be told that it can't exist even though you have prove
In both our families it's pretty much an unspoken agreement, that obviously we have sex, we just don't want to be actually seen during the act
[Very little]
Laudrup
They sit on what would now be prime real estate in Copenhagen but no houses there are “for sale” like regular housing
I know that during the Russian empire, the defenders of Ukrainian cultural rights and such were in large part some of kind of left-wing/communist opposition, is it part of a legacy of that for Latvians as well
Religion just isn't seen as a topic of interest here so it just doesn't come up very often
Turkish guys who own pizzerias and sell Kebabs
Gifflar is likely the most beloved Swedish product in Denmark
You okay there
You "lægger" a pencil on a table, and you "sætter" the chair down unto the ground
Thanks for information
Because the danish king at the time wanted to build a castle and make it his town
The King is the same word, but in Danish, Konge
So many people don't understand the difference between dialects and accents
Den er så gammel, så gammel, er der sagt, den var til, længe før mormors mormor blev født, og dog er den i alder et barn kun imod åmanden, der er en gammel, en stille, en underlig én med åleskindsbukser og skælfiskstrøje med gule åkander i, siv om håret og andemad på skægget og det er just ikke kønt
This is my graduation from uni.
* A majority of parlament must vote in favor of the proposed change
Oats with milk is definitely the staple breakfast here.
Danes as a people originate from there
In the Netherlands, I'm sure there are district heating systems associated with coal plants
That's completely untrue and you know it.
Feel free to correct me if I am wrong
QWERTYUIOPÅ••
all the time, but that basically means nothing.
Everyone will remember USA as the winner of the space race, but it was probably the Soviets who had the biggest win of all
They count for the first 12 members, the rest are second class peasants for you
København has some A grade kebab joints, u crazy
I am not the biggest fan of the EU
He was pretty close to the melting point in F, or the boiling point in C.
I generally don't think this sub is too bad at it, but for people who perhaps aren't the most mature or well-adjusted, it's easy to get carried away and forget that there's a human at the other end of the text you're writing and behave like a real asshole.
Also when their last names ends with “son” as opposed to “sen” is also a bit of a giveaway
There's a sense that the union has been expanding too quickly and that it would be best to give it a bit of time before considering new expansions.
Of course you can keep the dishes in there (as in it could fit dishes) otherwise It'd be pointless
and they're still a member of nato
Yup, pretty similar I'd say
We can always depend on the Dutch to come up with these dam solutions
Copenhagen most certainly has an dialect and it was even voted as being the ugliest one in the country in a poll.
Denmark was to small, so the places for higher learning was in central Europe for the Danes.
The battle with the WTO is going to be as fierce if not more so than the negotiations with the EU.
It is still first class idiocy, even if it is just suggested idiocy.
nah, not really
There's a great part in Die Hard 3 where the german(?) bad guys are trying to imitate native English speakers by using that phrase
True that, if it's any comfort we do recognize and discuss your politics as being ahead of ours
Funny thing is, Danes have absolutely no idea who he is
All I know is that I live right across from Skåne yet I cannot understand them at all (We have a lot of swedish costumers at work during the summer)
Big contrast to Denmark
*Yo-yo-yo you ain't seen my balls*
Ahh, that makes much more sense
Surprisingly cheap actually
Alcohol like wine or beer is typical.
Helsingør & Helsingborg really do feel like one city to me
The Kingdom of Iceland was independent in the union with the Kingdom of Denmark
That looks amazing
Never caught anybody at it though
rank citizens, and everything was dictated from Denmark and they had little to no say in it
They speak Danish in Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Iceland, but I don't think it's really the native language any of these places
>My dentist sends me an SMS when a year has passed, and generally I can call and get an appointment for the next week (this year it was a longer wait as Corona caused dentist offices to close for months)
- Have a head-start on German grammar what with their own grammatical complexity, while indirectly absorbing much of the vocabulary through English and the Scandinavian languages
The other side also went for the emotional issues.
The barrol - tønden
No and no
Well we can easily agree racism=bad, but to get mad and complaining over a way of saying "taking a shit" seems like a bit of a Karen move
I mean in a world without nations but only regions united globally, you could hardly claim to be international anymore
Is it normal that japanese people sometimes does this
I'd finally be able to speak properly
In a way the Kalmar union ended because of this, as the Swedish were more interested in trading with the league than fighting it
At least in Denmark you can do the declaration and payment yourself, provided you're up for filling out a form correctly(looks somewhat challenging), calculate the correct tax and VAT, and then taking it to the SKAT office and paying it there
All though sending a child on a dangerous journey might sound heartless, It is the calculated safest and cheapest way to get to Europe for a family
But in the heartlands it's all planned and accounted for
Also they seem to think of it as a very bad thing and even go so far as to call Christian II for "Kristian Tyrann", when in fact it was the church that ordered the execution of the heretics
but
But but unelected beaurucrats!!1!
The latter particularly disturbs me, since it often seems to be deeply held prejudices and indeed hatred passed as being "woke".
Guess we're just different there.
Nature is healing
That’s the discussion that will actually lead you to results, instead of talking about culture wars and what not
(Personal opinion) no Euro and we have to do mathematics whether we travel outside our country, same with foreigners who have euros who visit here
elected by Poles
It's like a Brit chosing Wales
Funnily, Wikipedia concurs with the Danes on this subject, which is unsurprising, since the notion that Norway was a colony is absurd
He's not American
The picture is somewhat wrong about Germany aswell, if you try speaking german in eastern germany to someone who was born before 1980, they most likely won't be able to speak english very well and will stick to german.
That looks so cool
A crazy, evil and almost eccentric villain.
We start learning it in school from about 4th grade (10/11 yo)
Here in Denmark we say "volapyk"
You may also have fewer deaths from traffic related accidents, work related accidents etc
As you get a bit older, you would most likely read some plays by Ludvig Holberg (1684-1754), who is known as the founder of modern Danish literature
Yes, the scenery in the cartoon is from Norway and Austria
;-;
the whole "bad teenager having sex and/or drinking" thing in either horror movies or teen dramas doesn't really work here
Inflation can be caused by many things, not just printing money (as inflation is just the price-index of goods and services)
How is it like in Switzerland
We usually use the english words (dude, bro, y'all) but "gutter" or "folkens" are common too
I wouldn’t correlate having a word for it with being more normalized
Danes invented the first ever light machine gun (the madsen 03)
That used to be my view as well but then I actually decided to research things a bit.
If you advocate for higher minimum wages, then the wider public reaction won't be that you're Pol Pot incarnated
Well, I think I act a bit more constrained as I cannot as easily identify personality from the way of speech of foreigners as I can when talking to other Danes
Mexico
Somewhere along the line, you have misunderstood something
People should stop losing their shit everytime Turks are involved with anything European.
the country
Prepositions are tough
I love the German love affair with carbonation
Which words
Norway gets all the attention internationally though
Most definitely
We had a referendum instead, left a much happier population on both sides of the border.
So there is a part of the Island of Ireland, that isn't Republic of Ireland and isn't Northern Ireland either
Brown Eyed Girl by Van Morrison
Fucking Sweden
Well, it's a Pepsi light
Billboards are not allowed most places and religious signs of any kind would be very weird any other place than at church
We used to have a Minister called Willie Søvndal
I also really like your russ music
It's expected to atleast know English here, and quite a few manage passable German
You can't be sure that that is how it is to be understood
This means that in Northern and Southern Jylland you can get a cheap house, one example in Northern Jylland is a 129 m² house with garden sold for less than 7000 €.
I mean it can't really come as a surprise, if Scotland secedes it will have to apply to be a member.
Also, they're adults
It’s not as extreme as memes make it out to be, a study actually found we are less socially isolated than Southern and Eastern Europe, but it is a tendency
But I took yours
Notre Dame is not gone, nor will ever be as long as we keep it stand as a remembrance place for our culture
I am not sure if it is because of this small linguistic difference, that I find it really strange that people confuses the two animals
Voting freely in two different countries elections and identifying more closely with the one they, their parents or indeed their grandparents left.
**Denmark:** you must have a valid license and many permits, storage ze firearms in a special gun locker and keep the ammo seperate from the firearm.
159 dead
Pretty, but not exactly real...
Or space reasons
In Danish we mostly say “bøhlandet” which roughly translates to “boogieland”. Or you could say “Lars tynd skids mark” which weirdly means “Lars(common first name) diarrheas field”
Huvudvärk (Swedish) = headache
I don't buy that the Danish use of the flag should carry different meanings, rather, I believe it reproduces similar ideological lines as the American use
But why
Absolutely spot on in the sense that it’s often purely political and cultural when it comes to clarifying which languages that classify as independent languages and which ones that could be merely considered as a variation/dialect
The US is listed as #103 on the Global Peace Index.
No no no, swedish is danish but written and pronounced like if it was english
What’s weird is that our foreign minister Jeppe Kofod had sex with a 15-year old intern (15 is legal here) and left her crying in the bedroom 12 years ago, and he hasn’t stepped down
60 - tres or tresindstyve
It is but there's often a long waiting list and is not prioitized
I realized I may be part of the problem
Roliganism mate
The issue Only The lack thereof
If a current state admits it carries a responsibility then there could be made a legitimate demand for reparations
Is it deductible from your tax and do you still need to pay from your own pocket even with an insurance
We have official flag days, where most people hang their flags
Well he's defending his current job
The same would obliviously be the case for any other German-adjacent country
Nah this is bullshit fuck the police
Absolutely
However, in my experience of riding those with other commuters in the early morning, they are silent as the grave throughout the entire bus anyway
I did a semester's exchange at a university in Philadelphia and from my experience, it is quite likely that it is cultural differences and perhaps fairly benign reactions from people who have been transplanted to another country.
>and can be argued as destroying the family's original culture and religion to make them into "proper Danes"
What I see at my uni is that the foreign students here stick together a lot, and don't mingle much with the Danish speaking students (the term "Danish speaking" covers people who speak Scandinavian languages) as far as I see, except for the sports or hobby clubs.
I know Madrid can get pretty cold
In Denmark we still have conscription, and no matter what your sexuality, gender identity, formal status is, you go up for draft
love the bus ride since it's where i listen to podcast or nap
> "they banned guns and freedom of speech, thus they were left"
I remember we watched these videos of people reading the same story but in different dialects - like Copenhagens, Thybomål, Alsisk, and Sønderjydsk
And as always, I am going to say that it has been a great year
What's that got to do with anything?
Yes
You made the claim and you're wrong.
Yes, we lost Iceland, damn traitors, and American imperialists
> that tunnel/bridge between denmark and sweden
Source:
Well the popular Californian zinfandel is really Italian primitivo, but yeah mostly true
Svækling in Danish
One of them, though, is obnoxious.
All cities are special in their own way
Midnight sun in the summer is great, but I have few non-scandinavians that could handle the dark winters and even fewer who realised how hard it is to not see the sun in the winter time.
Well
...I should go to Romania for dinner
That's way to close to reasonable
Stop election PIS and Kaczyński they aren't helping you're democracy and undermine you in the EU, and no Korwin-Mitte isn't better.
The one you usually find here is the [Raadvad model] They are indestructible and are found in every holiday home, our holiday home came with one already in the drawer
Denmark is as hot as Egypt
Hvis du klikker på billedet vil en ny tab åbne med en fuld version af billedet, som du så kan gemme
Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with a Swede
Now obviously it depends on the family, on their wealth and things like that, but in general it's really just about what the kid is doing at the time and the kid's own desire to move out
It's kind of the same thing
There are lot of towns i cannot find that I know for a fact has +1000 inhabitants
Isn't there also a group of countries including scandinavia and a few countries to the right of sweden
Your oxygen mask is fogging up
Idk, at least in my social circles it's generally only viewed as wasteful, not sure if many people consider it flexing to have custom plates
For example, the longest word recorded in public records in danish is "speciallægepraksisplanlægningsstabiliseringsperiode" meaning (roughly) specialist doctor practice planning stabilisation periode
It's not like this is hard to understand.
Result: Danish chickens are considered salmonella free and therefore there is no warning against using raw eggs in food for people who are in normal health
Apparently, the map is based on GDP per capita relative to EU28 averages (75-90% of avg
I’m not gonna tell how I feel because I nearly got permabanned for it on Reddit for saying it on this sub, but I guess you all know how I feel without explaining myself
Pretty sure it was changed to accommodate the current monarch
al that as long as you keep winning elections you keep your job
Depends on what you wanna study, but if you wanna study business
Yes, it's so weird to me when I hear Brits talking about Europe as it's something different, other place.
Source: A hat German
Thanks :)
Gotta calm down the angry mink gods somehow
You jumped to 1st in 2018 from 5th in 2017
We're basically taught that our soldiers fought their absolute hardest, but recognised that they were fighting a losing battle
The most famous ones are probably "Jeppe paa Bjerget" and "Erasmus Montanus".
Would be [nice] if you credited [OpenStreetMaps] for providing you with free data to base your business on
I guess the numbers from IMF have yet to take it into account...
Well, that is sorta pan-germanisms fault
*Usually
Either prevent the loss in against the Prussians in 1864 or the loss against the Swedes in 1658
Oh that's him
After brexit, the fact that Scotland wants to stay in the EU has been covered quite a bit in mainstream media.
Middag can mean both lunch and dinner in Danish
Taiwan shows what China could have been, and that's why China hates them so much
So you want to ban all laws that depend on some kind of subjective judgment?
They are fairly anal about the beer being fresh, so the glasses are also only 20 cl or so
Maybe you can find places that fits that in almost all countries in Europe - some countries has more or such areas than others
But I agree, half as bad as very bad is still bad.
We just mix it up and pronounce it with a soft d instead
Where does the whole debacle of socialism then enter
Too many echo chambers on reddit already, I don't think there needs to be more of them.
We're the least perceptibly corrupt country in the world
Hørmested: "Smelly Place"
We do, but it is not that common
I was more thinking in a general sense.
And there are also those who just walk on their own, in Copenhagen
You can't have a culture where the use of potential murder weapons is both common and cool, without it also having an impact on...
I don’t know about others but I get danish ads about sendings food to poor Africans
I do, I think you misread my sentence
To me the big problem with fascism is it's disdain for democracy, I'm a nationalist and I really dislike the amount of migrants from the third world we have taken in.
Not just exporting goods but also tourism.
Secondly, if the myth is true then we now know that it will take more than 6 hours to wake him up, considering that that was the approximate amount of time it took the germans to subjugate us on the 9th of april 1940
Especially in a low wage lacking service based country.
"Jeg går ud og puster grise op
What has Trump done that threatens Europe in any way?
It's not often you see Greater Copenhagen depicted artistically - I consider my house out in the sticks, but it's in there
But the staff will gladly go and take the things you need, in the off-limit areas.
Jelling has the famous Rune-stones placed by Harald Bluetooth
Ha, if you speak English with that Irish accent; everyone will love you here
The first source says they did look at women, also about 20%
In reality this means the supermarket keeps them int the fridge at 5 degrees C or less, as this is the temperature most other refrigerated goods has to be stored at
Several other brands do cheap, chemically, sugarfree, super-concentrated squash that you mix 1:11 or something in flavours like cola, orange/raspberry, "sport", and elderflower
I've named a lot and there are more, but I'm too lazy to type more
Why has our world come to this
Denmark was probably the clear frontrunner when it came to lobotomies
But since then prices has gone up, and I am not sure if we'd gone there now, we'd been able to do that
But we can all agree that farmor and farfar is used too
Oh man, I completely forgot about that one.
For whatever reason they seem to think we should all learn French, Spanish and Italian before spending a week on a beach in their country.
But someone in a very unlucky care home where a whole lot dies, even young people - might draw the opposite conclusion; that it is more dangerous than it really is
De gør Kongen de jure
Damn, 23-24 is our “wow it was soooo hot yesterday, like don’t get me wrong I like a good Summer day but I don’t hope it goes on for weeks”...
Do you eat fruit and vegetables.
Agreed
Dutch, never again, I still have nightmares.
that's just the sense i get, when i hear comments from the citizens, in the news, or they talk about a poll etc
I know a lot of  people end up skipping these checkups and only visit the dentist when they have problems with their teeth
Yeah
FREUDE
Some elaboration
I think the general sentiment for the past 100 years is this:
We're woke now, though, so just the pillaging this time around
[Melboller] (flour buns)
IMO it was a meh summer
Gefion turned her sons into oxens and ploughed out Sjælland
When a mama German and a papa German love each other very much ...
What exactly is the measure of civilization.
Roughly twice as high as the highest point in Denmark
It’s the exact same in Danish, as with so many other things
Got to keep it healthy you know
Though they in theory possess quiet a bit of power they haven't exercised it for about 70 years.
But by the time GB has left EU
Norway is in the European Economic Area, meaning you have to follow the laws that the EU enforces
Should be cheaper, but more time-consuming
I've gotten a mysterious foot injury, got it last summer
Is C a C? Or is it pronounced like, for example, a P?
And so the 5th became the actual liberation day, where everyone woke up to a war that had finally ended
The better a country is at english the more true this is, though the french are a weird case.
I literally need sunglasses more in winter than in summer because of the bloody sun working with the snow to get me
Glorious waterpark of the North!
Anneke Grönloh sang "Jij bent mijn leven" at Eurovision
I have no idea what that means.
In brittain many, if not most, gypsies are irish
Has been in many fights with Sweden
In recent years aren't the UK trying to take down themselves
Yes, but why do you want Europe to remain European?
You are arguing for unprofitable and unethical businesses to be saved
When I'm in London I usually just tap my bank card, and I think there's this daily top up or something so I don't get charged over a certain amount
I've gotten a mysterious foot injury, got it last summer
How the fuck do you Northern Europeans keep from getting depressed in the winter???
" I'm just trying to play with compositions
Both grandfathers was part of the rebellion again the german occupation during WWII
" Basically very populist/nationalist pandering
It's like how people who work in customer service don't start out hating people, it's just a natural thing that happens because people are bastards.
The only reason we danes can have so much wind energy is because we have Norway and their hydroelectric power and Sweden and their nuclear power as backup.
they really just love ignoring us
After France, we would first have to take care of England, Prussia/Germany, Russia before it's your time
Det fortælles, at Fanøs repræsentant, Sonnich Jensen Møller, bestak en tjener til at dreje viserne på uret i rådstuen en time frem, mens auktionsholderen tog sig en lur inden auktionen
Religions are a much larger part of societies and communities at large
Now renamed to United States Virgin Islands
It's two of the most important aspects of life
I would be fine with soros here
And the way that the EU works, in some matters it requires all member countries (no matter how small) to agree to a deal
Stop caring
I think they should implement the minimum wage in the countries like yours where it is actually needed
Yes, that's more a literary way of putting it
The idea that *any* country “have all its shit together” is just false
Don't be that person or you *will* get very loudly and passive-aggressively shushed
So having something in common drives them apart?
The difference is, when the (Georg Ferdinand Duckwitz, the German official who leaked word of the round-up) warning was given from the top rabbi in Denmark to the jewish community, that they had 48 hours to leave the country before the Gestapo/Waffen-SS would arrest all Jewish people and from there on out their fate would be uncertain.
But Denmark, like Finland has a super competitive market for cell subscriptions.
This reminds me of a statement by an Egyptian Imam during the aftermath of the publication of the Muhammed Cartoons in Jyllands-Posten, during the crisis period where a lot of Islamic countries boycotted Denmark
177 = one hundred and seven seventy = et hundrede syv og halvfjerdsindstyve
I read that as 1980
I think they mean that people sweat way more in warmer climates, and yeah I can see why you might wanna shower more often then
I appreciate you taking the time to reply
[Trump's new best friend has threatened Denmark with nuclear weapons] This may scare some people, maybe this is what is meant.
2 why do all of you seem to dislike baggers in grocery store?
We go to Germany a month or two before Christmas to get some goodies
Derfor skrev jeg Irland seperat, og Skotland sarkastisk
Ours is as well, but we switch up the subjects so we learn the history, while also learning analytical skills :)
If you're using new reddit:
It might win him the Votes in the swing state back
I go to an international IB school, so I always speak english at school
I think most people do have a middle name
Haven't a lot of Jews been leaving France in the past few years?
Thank you very much
Slovenien - Slovenia
I remember building big snowmen, caves in snow drifts etc
It just feels different in every way
> your prime minister
In Copenhagen it has always been quite good, and the way the infrastructure is laid out hasn't changed much
They fear that if they don't award you, they will be turned into ghouls by the vampires.
I know an Icelandic girl who finds danish sexy (especially English with a danish accent)
The Norwegians settled Ireland and Scotland and the north Atlantic, while the Swedes went east and founded Russia
Story goes that if you close the window, Grev Gert will burn down the city in anger, since his spirit will be trapped and unable to go to heaven
Also, it seems like people are slowly opening up the eyes to the country as a travel destination
The streets are empty
One could argue that they share history as seperate countries in the early middleages, but even then its shared history between the English, and then Welsh and Viking tribes
I swam with dolphins and sea turtles.
I think a lot of people are unaware of the atrocities of the communist regime, especially in Eastern Europe, as I personally have only begun to learn about this recently
I’ve not heard of this
The reason we import from Norway is the price
I do not take responsibility for DDP, Alternative, Enhedslisten, SF.
Here in Denmark we call it ‘praktik’, which translates roughly into ‘practise’.
It works not with all sentences
It's a scary world we live in, but probably less scary if you live near a McD, Starbucks or if Amazon delivers packages to your country
Yuri from RA2 :O
Ow my corona
Same in all of Danmark
I mean, I can't really think of any major city in Denmark that isn't primarily working class
TAKE THEM
Ja, jeg skrev en opgave under min kandidat om inddragelsen af svensk og norsk i danske folkeskoler og gymnasier og det er meget almindeligt enten aldrig at have haft det eller kun et par gange eller en enkelt gang i folkeskolen
Like a dozen (which is 12 pieces) , we also have a *snes* which is 20
Dutch, Russian and Polish I can usually also catch
That life is going into chock
Just wait until you hear about Denmark, we have dialects that some of us can't even understand
But if I should put something which I think most danes whould agree on atleast being a contender I'd probably pick this song: Kim Larsen - ["Om lidt"]
Right in the head and anschluss
Who in their right mind would even use a taxi in Prague
I even think some of my friends might see it as being a bit strange, however I find it delicious
How cool
Well, they can just pay star players to accept Qatari citizenship and then proceed to assemble an all star national team from these players
Give a link please (by pm if you don't want it spread), I just want to know it is authentic.
The only reason why Europe wants _any_ Transcaucasia nation in the EU is so they A) Don't align with Russia and B) Oil/Gas pipelines
We could never
I'm a student, so unlike the other Danes in here (that I've seen) I don't use Rejsekort
My boss also recently got married and brought in a cake
But Nazism was
If they're only producing boys, they're producing instability.
Do you have good traditions of keeping track of your ancestry?
I mean, Thor, Freja and Balder are all quite common names in Denmark
You never heard about the fact, that the King at the time, Christian IX secretly proposed to Bismarck, that all of Denmark would enter the German Confederation following the defeat
Russia on the other hand is mostly steppes, where vast distances can be covered on horseback
We just drive right through the checkpoint without any problems
Why someone would combine them in 8 charts beats me
And my legoklods
Nationalism implies that you have a nation, which the basque people do not.
Is this how you were taught to write or just what it became over time
I love German grammar
Go for the journey, not the destination
And csgo and overwatch and all fucking mobile/browser games that use gambling mechanics
I would love to live in Amsterdam
Which is not a progressive opinion.
There's also:
So while their income may not be so as far from the Average Jens', we still have immense inequality in Denmark, and many are struggling to get by
[Martin Jensen - Solo Dance]
So I'm going to take the contrary position on this
A Ryan Air campaign a few years ago but don't expect prices that low.
Your ROI claim is based on the poorer countries buying things from richer countries
Of course, much like with the building, [the original bridge] doesn't exist anymore, though it has been replaced with a [blue metal one] instead
The biggest problem i see with the EU is the effect it has on people.
I'm playing with HPM, it adds lot of events and makes the game way more historical.
But read the secondary literature to understand it and it’s context
Don't know if jokes or is real....
Borders have still controls now-and-then if useful - often better than before.
I don’t know, call me old fashioned but I think there’s a good point in everyone (or potentially everyone) participating in the defense of the country for a while
We lack a restaurant culture
Its an old law to prevent the English from bombing random Danish towns when they saw a German Flag
Plus the whole grade-average is so misleading
Woah
Fun fact: Last year (or the year before, if I don't remember correctly) there was a bit of a controversial law passed that stated that when you're attending the ceremony, which grants you danish citizenship, you have to shake hands with the attending public servant, who hands you the official declaration
Lol, yeah can't have that
Beethoven must be the most recognisable, 3rd + 5th symphony and Für Elise
something
I personally have never heard of fraternal organizations existing in Europe, at least not in Denmark where i I am from.
Maybe I’ve read bad news sources, but didn’t his party win the plurality of the vote
We know it’s you Jeff
Wooops
How cool
I mean to just have one good candidate is great, but *two*?!
The two very friendly young officers questioned me and my partner (2 Danish guys) a little about our plans in Taranto when we said we were just on vacation
He's highly paid but works very few hours, however whatever tasks he get is getting done on time but over budget
Such an overlooked beautiful country
So in the half billion people of the EU, there's not a single journalist who received a prison sentence for DUI, shoplifting, or similar
But seriously, the positive feedback loops of even "just" 0
I live like 100 meters from the birthplace and childhome of Denmarks most famous writer, Hans Christian Andersen, and i have never stepped foot inside
Of course, that is understandable
Exactly
Alexander the great
Imperialism just never died off, and we've been actively keeping poor countries poor by using the IMF to instate austerity measures on them while also making deals with corrupt governments that allow our companies far too cheap access to raw materials
The Committee reiterated its view  that it    did not support circumcision to prevent HIV transmission
Where I was yesterday, there were like 10 kids building snowmen :)), forgot what I came for.
It was first when I got in the Danish equilavent of High School that they started teaching Excel
Yeah, they do this every other week
Just divide it already between Serbia and Albania.
Denmark has 7,340 km of coastline.
Just walk over to the crying person in the front of the line over there
We don't know how long before that he became King or how long after that he remained
If the government had a translator, the 3 of them wouldn't ever have been able to leave the country
..also it's cold, snowy, and Vikingy
You should feel half proud and half deeply deeply ashamed
A few kilometers from there, you can drive down a long gravel road to reach a much smaller parking lot where the marked path is much longer (8 km)
In case you are interested, you can read more about it on [this blog
I think it depends on the patient
Forward a few year - to 1016 "Cnut the Great" happens.
"Danskere er født med en bajer i hånden"
Vælsk meaning a welsh (aka
Oh well, they will probably mess it up under pressure
So if you were to thank the driver on disembarking, you'd have to yell up to them, which would be super awkward
**From Danish to English, version 1 (every word translated directly, but not in a confusing way):**
Also spreads awareness of the issue and gets people to think about how they reduce their carbon
But while I’m Danish I do prefer speaking English as I feel like It’s a much more expressive language, and I feel much more confident and relaxed speaking English with foreigners as opposed to speaking Danish with other Danes (Don’t have the same interests/Denmark is the worst place on earth to make friends)
Even the famous Codex Regius, which contains the Elder Edda, was *sent here freely* by an Icelandic bishop because he knew it would interest the King
Beautiful
Grækenland - Greece
Thanks for assuming, but She left me
What are you doing with your time instead?
I'm danish from CPH and lived half a year in Trondheim
I didn’t know that
MAX Avocado Burger is the best fastfood I've ever had
But if 2000 BLM-supporters march in Portland
If he is only farming for karma, then he's doing it wrong.
I don't really know what you mean by denouncing it, but yes there are extremely few people who are loud about their beliefs.
What positive steps has Ireland taken to assist their continental partners as refugees flowed in?
Agreed - it is indeed mildly infuriating to follow Tsipras.
Runescape taught me how to buy a gf
We were taught the differences between the different dialects and accents in a superficial non-technical way
Big and scary looking mofos who looked exactly like you'd expect them to.
I give thnaks to all of the entene for winning ww1, we were neutral, and afterwards in 1920 we could have an election in Schleswig-Holstein to allow self determination, I dont think A Germany not within serious civil trouble would have let their northern part go, no matter how many danes lived there
It's true that there's a difference between KFUM (green) and DDS (blue)
In Denmark Middle Eastern gangs have also become a problem and are pretty much often in war with bikers over territory
But I am sure they will catch up eventually here as well.
You forgot the Kingdom of Iceland 1918-1944
Mental healthcare is unfortunately pretty underfunded so waiting times are often looooong
[Audrey Tautou Audition Tape for Amélie]
Nobody spoke Low German in Kursachsen, so either you conflated Low Saxony and Kursachsen, or you randomly brought up a different part of the country with no relevance to the conversation whatsover
Now consider there are idiots in this country who would want a Czech-out
As long as inflation and gdp growth is enough to offset interest payments the nation is doing just fine.
I get the idea, and it’s good
It wasn’t brexit, it was brexit’s uncertainty
What have call of duty do to with this?
* Netherlands: Their liberal-progressive policies, it seems like it is in their DNA to be liberal-progressive, which I really admire
I pity her as a person
Otherwise many Danish memes are about Sweden and use different maps of Sweden or the Swedish flag as a template
Which side feels that the question is irreversible, the Northerners or the Southerners?
In Denmark the medieval period is from 1066-1517/1537 so no
Even with a high-speed train, I think very few would take the train from Western Europe to the Balkans
Happy new year
(Personal opinion)lack of initiation
Here deciliters are not infrequently used in recipes (though ml and liters seems to be the most common), but I have no idea what dkg is.
Hedehusene, however, I'll agree is cheaper
They ride moose, which is pretty cool in my opinion
Happy cake day by the way
Also Outer Nørrebro is worse than Inner Nørrebro
Not trying to steal any thunder from our Norwegian buddies, but I think I speak for pretty much everyone in the Nordics when I say that we all like Scotland very much
You are right
It's also a way, I feel, that many Copenhagener progressives "write off" having to deal with people outside of Copenhagen, because they are 'just backward' and need leadership or some bs
Handle you you okay under coronacrisis(the)
Which I think is totally bearable
They (at least Norway, I know less about Sweden) seems to have a crazy drinking and party culture just like us
She was always pretty weird
However I have had friends who would visit a border shop on a daily or weekly basis whenever they ran dry of cigarettes or soda
Well there also is: u å æ ø i æ å! :) but that's more spoken (western Danish)  æ ø æ u i a å is another one
With monetary policy, trade policy and fiscal policy of the table what is left?
Russians calling people they don't agree with neo nazis is a novel concept.
Normally just before University starts
That could work, sure - the US proves as much
Which is placed right after the city 'Hoed': Head
Also calling robbery is a bit much
Fuck
He said (quoted from memory): "Imagine if WE made fun of your prime minister, your queen, or Jesus
In my hometown Randers, we only really have two tourist places
It's much easier to find places when you know what the building looks like from the ground.
The same in Denmark with Copenhagen
It is, its "Medeltiden" meaning the middle time or the middle age
Yes
I was thinking that you might be thinking of Palace Square for some reason
I wonder which country makes those
I'm not entirely sure on the process though
Although it’s a part of the kingdom, it’s still very much a country on its own
To know not to boil a steak, fry uncooked pasta and bake salad leaves
And history in primary school is low priority by everyone.
To be fair I think SF is slightly more radical than radical left but not by a lot lol
For some words with difficult pronunciations like "brød", it helps to pretend you are puking
Protestant churches are so boring on the inside, while every Orthodox Church have stunning religious iconography.
Danish was and is a small country highly influenced by German culture.
In Copenhagen and Malmø there is something called 'Medicon Valley', which is kinda the bio-tech/medical version of silicon valley.
I think that we need an EU that continues at two velocities.
It's the opposite
Russia NEEDS to join EU's internal market to further a better and stronger relation that will secure peace in Europe.
I have never seen birds flying beneath me before
I'm sorry, but this map is wrong.
Now comes the political question, and it has gone kinda as you would expect from Reddit
While I take your point, this is a whole different kettle of fish.
Is it short for something
\-Zach, Aarhus, Denmark
A few years ago a truck carrying beer hit an oncoming train and shredded 8 people almost beyond recognition
It's kinda like seeing the Sherlock Holmes statue in London
Seems to me that it isn't something you can stop.
I’ve known normal people who thinks it’s perfectly acceptable to just take an unlocked bike
Capitalist countries
It's not a dialect because you pronounce something different
De er indplantet fra slutningen af 1700-tallet, først for at hjælpe med bekæmpelse af sandflugten i Nordsjælland og Vestjylland, men senere også brugt i plantager på de ringeste jorde under forsøget på at opdyrke heden
This is not a clear message at all.
Sliiiiiiight layer of hot mustard on top, and man you got me rolling
What makes you think “why the fuck do we do that”?
I bet you had a knife in your hand while writing that.
And even though every verb can be conjugated in many forms, most are regular, so you just need to learn 3 systems
It's not an official license, but if you don't pass, your parents will get a message saying they need to raise you better basically, lol
That's the case for other words ending in "ag" as well
Coincidentally all the movies feature Mads Mikkelsen, though he only has a lead role in "The Hunt"
But I'm of course from Denmark and not Sweden
Why not both
There are still tax havens within the EU
Those are just the ones at the top of my head
Just my guess
It’s time we start taking a practical and realistic approach here
Should have happened 30 years ago, but better late than never
Or a dutch flag, if this map was made by an american
[I prove you wrong]
And there is no way you could have done that if you imported vast amount of SS members.
There's no "melody" to it *at all* and there's no big ups and downs in tone or anything
Even I agree
[kind of ugly] since I wrote it larger than usual
Tell me about it ;_; Roughly 10 minutes into my ride to/from work with my shitty thin gloves, and its all icy cold pain
There are some (mainly on the far left) who disagree with NATO on ideological grounds, but that's more a discussion of NATO as a whole than our membership specifically.
It's the governments that fund a large majority of it, they are a huge part of it too.
Last I heard, that group closed and the final none-religious Girl Scouts group was "dead". But like I said, I was a child, so there might be some nuances I misremember or misunderstood
Ireland, Germany, Portugal, Albania, Italy and Italy
I’d say Tessa, Pattesutter and Suspekt fills that niche quite well today
I think they spice up the union.
It just doesn't go together imo.
I’m a huge car enthusiasts and Danish car laws are royally fucked
We were in Hamburg, Germany
The old dude in the corner that seems to know best
Cat people most often respect dog people but it's not always dog people respect cat people
You could get the impression that Europe is in flames and about to collapse, but that is just over dramatization.
Constantinople is part of Europe.
I'm sure I'd feel the same way if I was from most other countries so it's got nothing in particular to do with Denmark, it has to do with what I'm used to, what I've grown up with, the values I've grown up with and have adopted etc
the reason there was so many in poland before ww2 if i remember correct, was because under the plague people all over europe blamed the jews which caused them to flee.
Edit: It's not like we don't get to know about it, but there aren't dedicated lessons about it in history class
These guys are coincidentally a rather loud segment of /r/worldnews.
Venstre are pretty conservative
Don’t forget about the vowels changing sound in different words
Am right wing, yet am switching my vote from a eurosceptic party to one that is firmly in the pro EU establishment.
Its like a mapping of a brain that is in free fall
As far as I can tell, coming up against Fillon in the second round is probably Le Pen's best bet.
Like semi-accurate ... It's an exaggeration of course but it's a big deal when it snows here
I doubt most people even know poppys are used for opiates
It seems like confusing horses and cows to me
It would make us very happy
Everyone expects the statue to be some ancient, huge statue carved in a mountain or something
Don't get my wrong I despise overblown political correctness, but I'm pretty sure calling refugees brown trash would constitute racism in most of Europe while nobody gives a fuck about the expression white trash.
A lot of sinks here have a little grate on top of the drain so you’ll empty that out most of the time, but if you’ve been peeling  carrots or something I find people often use paper towels
That's super late, here we eat dinner around 6pm
in Denmark they are treated in such a way that they need to be stored in a fridge
My husband is from Copenhagen and the amount of thrashing and "teasing" he got from my family in Jutland was embarrasing
Anglo media is almost uniformly against trump
The great duchy of Brunswick has fallen, its dreams of creating the greater duchy of Hannover crushed.
Example: The exodus of social democratic votes to national conservative populist parties
Food is not set in stone, it's always evolving
There is a big difference in how wide-spread it is
I also want to meet Tom cruise
Denmark and Kingdom of Denmark is not the same.
Maybe we could tell them that Sweden has lots of oil but lacks freedom and democracy
I think he meant the thread as a whole, like the article, not your comment?
*Notices Sweden has a slighter darker shade*
Seems so
Maybe not calling norwegians after a traitor to humanity
i don't know about vacation homes tho
Turkmenistan for example means Land of Turkmen - Which is the Turkic group native to Turkmenistan
Edinburgh Vaults - weird and interesting:
She is from München, I think
* The state has become increasingly centralised, thus, in continuation of above, the 'peripheral' municipalities are losing their opportunities to try and help themselves, and rely increasingly on the central government, removing the, once extensive, autonomy municipalities had
But the article states that Putins favorite is Fillon.
The more the merrier, yes
Then the company I worked for was bought by a Norwegian company and I started talking a lot with them
I couldn't disagree more
Kinda a akin to this idea
Its because of special interest that we have tariffs.
I appreciate the trivia
That must translate to the Danish word "hygge".
Denmark has the oldest flag in the world
but let's say if they do leave EU, they've invested so much money in a data center for only a couple of years of use lol
It would have been equally stupid for Sweden to go down that route with us
Well, not much has changed yet so why wouldn't they?
Law of jante
Hopefully you don't burn down whiles gone
**Update**: Looks pretty in winter, too
We have something similar in Denmark
The reason Denmark lost Skåne Halland and Blekinge
Haha i am sure that is the prerequisite...
Us danes will support you dutchmen throughout this entire conflict
Hej, jeg hedder John, det glæder mig at møde dig
\*trading of slaves, not slavery as such
Do you know the Swedish system before femti, sexti, sjuti etc
Until I learned differently I thought Athens was all the best parts of Rome (the old ones) just Greek instead
And since western Jutland is known as the most religious part of Denmark, I’m sure they also have most of the inner missions, which my mom says are our “religious conservatives”
Never been
I've gone halfway up Matterhorn once I was 6 years old.
Like it's good to be aware of them and know the big ones, but the rest you can research if you need
Or click here:
Walking between my parents hand in hand one day, and that we couldn't go to the top of the vulcano since my mom was pregnant with my brother.
Thanks
I remind you this happened in what is probably the most fertile agricultural region on earth, and one of the reasons for it happening was extremely tough quotas, that often didn't leave the farmers with enough seeds to both feed themselves, and plant enough crops for next year
I don't really mind
Oh, no, I meant how Pattesutter is supposed to be bad
As a Dane I'm really impressed by this, my impersonation would have been much worse.
There are just a lot of small things that make Denmark and Germany quite different
The fact that they also arrive in groups of like 20-30 doesn't exactly help the case
Honestly, we don't really have anything important to speak about anyway
Personally I don't think having small individual forces of each and every European nation state makes much sense anymore.
That is why I wrote late viking period.
So maybe they would not have to comply with EU law, in the case where they are not targeted towards EU citizens
The Wikipedia article you linked is really really bad.
Knowing absolutely nothing about Swiss gun laws, I'm pretty sure they're infinitely more strict than (the average) American gun laws, so the comparison wouldn't be worth the paper it's written on
We had 2x2 lessons per week, one of the days dedicated to English monarchs and one to WW2
This is how you transfer landmasses to another country, right?
They discontinued the physical catalog last year here in Denmark
Ancient graffiti in Pompeii is hilarious and fascinating.
Not true
I dont think eastern Ukraine will be annexed.
one mouthful and they are gone
Wasn't the southern isles supposed to be Denmark in Frozen(aka, where Hans comes from)
Yeah I was about to write "En Tuborg og kanelsnegl" = "A beer and a pastry"
I think because they're a candidate for EU membership
Depends on what you mean by "Islamic Ideologies" and what you mean by "Western Europe".
The answer is the same
France has nukes and a economy twice as big as Russia.
Thank you
Drive along the E50 and count all the castles you see
Smoking is very much correlated to people's social inheritance and class, though
The snorkelling is out of this world.
But the hard-left socialists are much more concentrated purely in the capital
" / "have a nice trip
I love my country and feel very much at home, I think i would fit in just as well in norway tho
Other countries use the symbol for the same thing
We've also travelled to the UK and Dublin
It's more a case of being unable to disagree, in my expert opinion (Party validated).
During the occupation by the Germans, many Danish jews fled to Sweden who accepted the refugees
It's strange, Finns are stereotyped as being cold and serious, but they're some of the warmest, funniest people I ever had the pleasure of meeting.
And depending on the pronunciation of polak (Polish person) it could also be derogative
Sure there are losses in the battery, but engine losses in a ICE is around 60 %. All that heat just gets wasted
Thanks
I was surprised to find out that today english is mandatory from the first grade of elementary school (I believe it was 4th grade in my time)
He barely spoke English, and his terrible speeches are still joked about today
Maybe you should stop accusing others and focus on your own history and people
Now our daughter has moved into that room, and is enjoying it in equal measure
ITS FINE
But I would suggest looking at the stock market.
My parents don't really hold the "drinking-parties" anymore, but the few instances they have (meaning a party where it wasn't a formal, aka
It's been labelled torture to isolate a person for such an extended amount of time, but we don't care in Denmark.
Achieving it will not raise their living standards, it would jeperdise international security, and screw Denmark out of all the money we've spent
I also like the German dialects
Of course not
Now now she's trying to connect with the people, so it can't be too fancy
What's your opinion on the planned Femern Tunnel between Denmark and West Germany
4 years old
many people don't drive modern cars
Du er edderpekuderme død, møjunge
Arguments based on biological race can be right or wrong, but arguments based on the racist ideology are only right if you subscribe to that ideology
Why would you not trust your dentist?
French = Merci
It's better than the grey concrete blocks, but that's only because it's different
Well they did go around burning it as a result, so I guess some people didn't like the flag
"How do you do, har du slugt en flue
I heard that Mew ([Link] had some success internationally as well
Nope
I've literally had people tell me how "different I was from all other people from Randers" and how "they were so surprised when they met me, since they thought I would be like the rest of the people from the town". Nevermind that Randers is consistently one of the cities in Denmark with the lowest amount of criminals per citizen, and the most middle class populace
[Greater Copenhagen - A Way of Life]
(Tage en kold tyrker)
>Some of these crimes were neccessary for progress of young countries
It's quite good, yeah
Try googling "Hvid jul [year]" etc to get results
I think most Danes would mind getting the population of Scania...
Some might argue that `tak skal du/I have`, directly translated meaning “thank shall you(singularis)/you(pluralis) have”, would be it
If you just casually walk past someone in the nude just to enjoy the sun on your private parts - that is okay.
That combined with wind is not fun
And for the love of god, don't ask if Denmark is in Sweden
If GTA was set in a Danish city, bike theft would definitely be an important feature
> That's not true
The term "[Century of Humiliation] is a central part of the CCPs founding philosophy
Technically It'd be the spanish 'olé' but with danish letters
It's immediately apparent as soon as people say that, that have never visited Sweden
Bruv
Similar to English you can say he, if you don't know the gender
If Europe is wondering how Denmark got the lower prices in the first places it was through the most difficult political project of the century.
There are many places that get cold but rarely have snow
"Tasker" is the Danish word for bags, but apparently that's Swedish slang for whores
Only long, thin bread in French is baguette and not flûte
It's not a mix between swedish and Danish
I think he's referring to "perker dansk" which means "*racial slur for middle eastern person* Danish"
Never heard og him
Får får får! = Sheep give birth to sheep
It's just my phone
There might be some town names with only two or even one letter, but I think that Lem deserves an honourable mention - other than being a short name it can also mean a certain part of the male anatomy
But last summer I took it on foot on the way back, and it was only something like 35 kroner
Same
It seems like confusing horses and cows to me
Not that it matters that much anymore since the really thick dialects seem to be disappearing these days.
Its because it's a contraction of "Anders son", "Jans son". I guess you kept the original spelling, and the Americans just contracted it to fit pronunciation, as did we
The fact that 2,8% beer exists in the first place is a crime against humanity
Then stop wearing adidas track suits, it's really simple.
In cinemas, kids movies are typically dubbed, but everything else is just subtitled.
yeah, they died by accident when the leadership mismanaged a sickness outbreak and some food rations where diverted or lost, as I remember it
While it was a rocky start, the subreddit finally got our new discord-server up and running back in Spring
The more I hear about you Dutch, the more you sound exactly like Danes.
Sounds exactly how it’s done in Japan
As it is, the unions hold so much power in Denmark, that we don't even have a minimum wage - we don't need to
So you can believe whatever you want as long as we like what you believe?
Take a look at the poverty statistics for the US, please.
Capitalism here meaning 'a society dominated by the relations of capital'. Sweden has an economy based on private property, wage labour, commodity market exchange, etc
I used to drink milk because I liked it, but now I only use it when I have to because I think it's gotten too expensive
Oh, my Dutch roommate makes this from time to time, such a great meal
Last vacation I had in Scotland, my wife and I drove all the way from Inverness to Tongue and back the same day
So I would say 50 EUROs, if you are frugal, could be saved for bigger expenses when those arise
"When in Rome
When I was a kid back in the 80's and early 90's and we visited them, I had a really hard time understanding anything
It makes them less powerful if they cant mass import more lunatics
No I don't. Whataboutism can be boiled down to: "Those guys are being dicks, so I should get to be a dick too
But it goes both ways right
Call me a crybaby all you want, but this is what Austria has received during the last year only.
you've convinced everyone
Surreal experience, I was only 16
I always tell foreigners here that they should regard the bike paths as roads or highways
Ironically people are approaching nicely to this photo but at the background, the people who drew this picture, are having same way of thinking with that beheaders
Most countries in Danish sound a lot like the English ones due to a lot of our way of "making" words is the same
Proper rye bread looks like [this]
Danish pastries are called wienerbrød (viennese bread) in Danish because of the Austrian bakers that introduced and popularized the baking techniques
No, they can do what they want - but there is no need to send a stream of massive subsidies to them, which their government use to buy popularity with voter bribes
In Danish it means small butt cheek
I've live right there in the middle of your map
I dont think its 10m, but officilly its for boars (which can carry disease, specificlly  hoot-and-Mouth Disease which we dont have in Denmark, and we have a significant pork industrty, so getting it would be very bad), it will have holes in it anyway for smaller wildlife, so its not like it will stop anything
Everyone wants change
That would go to the Battle at Lund in 1676
German = Danke
"Theres no cow on the ice" translates to "there's no problems" in Denmark
and I'm not even convinced that *they* believe it themselves, it seems to be about adherence to the ideology and not actual conviction
A communist, stalinist or marxist would vote for socialist parties, but i wouldn't label those parties as communist or stalinist as a result of that
That’s so weird hearing from a Frenchman
Where I'm from, an Iphone is seen as you pay a price for the phone it self and then you pay an extra price for the brand on top of that
But the 'tocsin of world revolution' (to use a 19th century expression) will always flow from somewhere, and this somewhere _can_ very well become Denmark
So far
The Czechs manage to do a perfect hladinka in 10 seconds
\[Chorus\]
- Postal service fucking sucks
Cocio skal være koldt
But for us in the rest of Europe, they're just two dialects, and neither of them is our native language, so we don't have any investment either way.
Furthermore, the harm of denying a person the opportunity to choose  not    to be circumcised must also be taken into account, together with  the    damage that can be done to the individual’s relationship with his     parents and the medical profession if he feels harmed by the  procedure
I think it is pretty universal for non-english speakers to dislike English with their native accent
I know that during the Russian empire, the defenders of Ukrainian cultural rights and such were in large part some of kind of left-wing/communist opposition, is it part of a legacy of that for Latvians as well
Well, it's not complete since they state that the database only contains 80% of the righteous gentiles.
We don't hate Norway, Only Sweden
Anyone got the link to the video
All you need is a specific draught system
That's dangerous
- Most different vowel sounds of any language, one study said
If you wanted to piss off danes you should have used the swedish flag instead
You think Europe wouldn't be considerably richer if we'd remained isolationist?
The Kingdom of Denmark will happily welcome you back into the fold
It's not really seen as something bad though unless it becomes blatant insults.
Kind of makes sense ;)
It’s just  [some paper thing] you get
Jack wolfskin is definately how i recoqnize Germans
The worst part is that the entire discourse has fallen to that level, trump said something stupid, so let's find the dumbest comment on that stupid statement possible to get the most outrageous headline
I go to specialist to specialist, and no one has any ideas what is wrong
Some months ago, at an award show, a popular TV-host from our national broadcasting channel named Sofie Linde gave a speech where she revealed that a powerful colleague/boss at the channel had threatened her to *ruin her f-ing career if she didn’t suck his dick
Yet so few grace the screen ..
I think Faxe kondi booster is something you have to drink enough of to enjoy
So driving to the outskirts of the city you go through tunnels blown right out of the cliff, and drive through pine forests
Even being a pro-EU fanatic such as myself, that would be funny to watch.
Some are making fun of Funen for just being a highway connecting Jutland and Zealand
Fear is a useful and rational response to something dangerous like this
I guess I'm part of the hoarding hordes now
Yeah, same in Copenhagen
We run around school and throw caramels at the younger kids while we're dressed up in weird costumes
If you're not currently at the pool area it's not "your" chairs
(Except for the lovely otters)
Røget ørred
Do they really think money is more important than our planet and her inhabitants
If they were spoken quicker, I'd probably be unable to understand them.
> On the other side shopping is something people do daily and do you really ask your butcher for 783 grams of meat
Treason is a very specific offense with a specific definition.
No they'd just get the land they already own there (by sea)
But I really like the story of Pinocchio, so I'm happy to see that it's finally starting to move along
I mean, my best friend lost her dad when she was 24, primarily because of what happened at Tulle
The fact that a person exists doesn't mean you can't write fairy tales about him
Just an example but we still have tribes refusing any contact with the outside world, who lives in a hunter gatherer society I doubt you and me have much in common with them.
That’s just a propaganda to catch Europeans attention
Chartreuse has a cult following in my town
Our “bridge” connecting the east part of Denmark to Germany will be done by then
It's absolutely an insult though but an outdated one since the relevance of it is gone
God I love trains, this is my biggest wish
Well
See for example how danish film director Lars Von Trier offended people far and wide with his "I am a Nazi" joke at a conference at cannes film festival
Yup
I just compared the cheapest 2019 VW golf manual vs
That is different from the patriotic use of Stars and Stripes in the US
Stop being a bootlicker dude
At this point I don't get why we're building hubble telescopes
The fact that Russia would become an unbeatable industrial superpower in the very near future, was one of the primary reasons that Germany was so hooked on going to war in 1914, because they saw it as a now-or-never moment
What's your secret for everlasting life?
One thing I say about Denmark and probably Scandinavia in general: if you fit in the Scandinavian homogeneity, you'll love it
I am all for european solidarity
I just picked them cause they're so far away from us Nordic folks.
And as Europe is full of city sized car...
Only if they are working for the North Korean state of course (looking at you Poland)
I’m 16 and get asked for my ID maybe one out of 10 times I buy something
Typically lives in the suburbs of a bigger city or more centrally in a small town
TBH this sounds more like a rumour than an actual thing
I don't mind the lack of it, although I do like to hike in big nature areas such as you would find in Norway or Sweden
>If there was no law in the country, he had the most who could take the most
The US, however, is just too distant to be a tangible presence in my life
Historically liquorice roots were sold as candy centuries ago.
Many danish designed bikes are produced in Taiwan
My games, my TV shows and movies are for the most part, english, and i've been a gamer since the late 80s.
And while the social situation is improving, and there's started to come some much needed non Liberal ideas in mainstream American politics, it's simply not good enough, and much of it is watered down by compromising with liberals on key issues
I mean, we did really well at the WC in 2018, but I doubt we will repeat that
Then we kids started learning in German, and now they sort of couldn't.. Well sort off
Beer tastes like shit imo
> but biking is still not as completely ingrained within the society and culture as it is here from what I've seen
India: $56,348,490 million (21,1%)
We were vikings
Pretty sure Abkhazia is not in Ukraine.
My point is Denmark will be in the income neighborhood of Sweden and the economic performance of Germany
Yea depends what kinda rap you want
As long as nuclear weapons exist, i'm very confident that we will never see a direct conflict between the largest world powers (USA, China, Russia)
In fact, it comes from a contraction, which is kind of weird
And it’s not all songs either
I sometimes think that people who doesn't live that long to the north and we see christmas very different.
Thank you
&nbsp;
UK: But i'd still like to use the weights and the shower
Then we kids learned English, and they started talking in German more
There is not really anything they do beter then where i live now
If you want to find people getting scammed by Three-card Monte games, random vendors selling worthless plastic toys, pickpockets, the occasional beggar, and/or awful street performers, definitely head for Strøget
Italian = Grazie
Sort of
I lived near the equator for a while and found the constant 6am to 6pm daylight slightly disturbing
People don’t like Bulgaria for some reason
An area is a ghetto if the following is true
The objective is to either defeat the other guy or defend yourself
Fully recommended
Mate I'm a right winger and extrem skeptical of mass migration from the Middle East.
It says on the eggs from my local grocery store that they shouldn't be kept at anything above 12C, so that's why they put them in the fridge
Queen Mathilde doesn't look too thrilled
Norway and Finland are soon going be more populous than us
All the grass died and turned yellow, it looked like a savannah
I am huge fan of Italian football (Ac Milan)
Swedes wont stand a chance
There's nothing else to eat
I learned about the holocaust and the third reich's human right violations at an very early age (11) And I used to straight up hate the Germans for it
According to my dictionary from when I was learning German "tussen" in German is the same "luder" in Danish, which means whore or "kælling" which is an old word for "old woman" which now means something more in the line of "bitch". Tøs, in general, is always either positive (often used by adults to girls/women or between girls themselves as an endearing term for a person who is young and female) or neutral
I've not heard of any similar adverts in Denmark, referincing dead people
China: ROMANIA
More and more ghettos of a certain type of immigrant appear,
I just checked apartment rent prices for Roskilde, though, and on both sites, I used they are no lower than the ones in Hvidovre (sometimes higher, even)
She's insanely competent, she's an incredibly nice woman in person, and I obviously agree with her on most issues
Which isn’t exactly smart, but he was as sane as anyone
,Egon
It's like the people who want coffee that tastes of cola, berries, beer etc
don't consume or enjoy anything coming from other cultures"
Arguments based on biological race can be right or wrong, but arguments based on the racist ideology are only right if you subscribe to that ideology
I remember once someone on the Denmark subreddit wrote about how he was doing an exchange and had gotten a room in Hvidovre and what there was to do in the area, and all the comments were basically: "the only thing there is to do is grab your things, walk to the train station and go to Copenhagen". That's the general attitude
You didn't even mention ours [Der er et yndigt land] I'm disappointed.
Happened in my town last year too
If this is to prove a point, the critics will just use it to portray how unrealistic the European unionists are
From my experience it was as i told
The city has some fine public transport for reasonable prices
Reading everyone's comments in the thread is really entertaining, and getting an insight into other peoples natural way of structuring sentences is pretty cool
&#x200B;
Ive never heard about it in Denmark, so no
It's the same shit every time, not just the internet
And when they respond, you go "no, I don't want to hear **THAT**.
In the meanwhile, we should have a restrictive immigration policy and an active integration policy which handles the roots of the problems we are seeing in local communities
Last year my girlfriend and I went to Hungary, Slovakia, Austria, the Czezh Republic and Germany for a few weeks and it was definitely way cheaper to just hop on buses (we used Flixbus and RegioJet) instead of getting an Interrail Pass
So we don't really have any memories of the fighting, just from the, after Nazi standards, very peaceful occupation
>“Facebook is not threatening to withdraw from Europe,” a Facebook spokesperson said, adding that the court filing simply lays out how “Facebook, and many other businesses, organisations and services, rely on data transfers between the EU and the US in order to operate their services
Depends on the degree
Still, if you are going to be the minister of foreign affairs and actually give presentations in English, you might want to practice a bit more
I like how nothing happend to Denmark
I think in your examples we'd use "den" but I'm not 100% sure
53%.
So the argument that it is a pagan tradition is kinda wrong, as the only thing they have in common, is the date.
That everything is one block
I guess they thought they would have Russias support again, but because we were the agressors this time Russia understandably told us to piss off
It would be like saying "chicks" or "birds" in English, though slightly less slangish as tøs is a little old-fashioned and I think originally it was literally the word for a female who was in between being a "pige" (girl) and "kvinde" (woman)
If there's some military exercise that's been going for 72 hours, that'd be three "døgn" no matter what time or date they started and finished
In the gap between getting a more sustainable grid (for instance by electric vehicles being connected to the grid as a reserve and being charged by windmills at night) it has kept older coal fired plants operational at less than optimal production outputs.
Because 28 countries with 28 different sets of rules would still be a single market somehow.
If it hadn't been for his Iranian name and slightly darker skin tone, you'd never have known he wasn't just another Dane
I Bet you he is American ;)
Guess he just fell a sleep somewhere
Our “bridge” connecting the east part of Denmark to Germany will be done by then
Aalborg
It snowed enough for you to go skiing
That's why every white supremacist and neo-nazi supported him.
something we have no relation to, to be honest.
Exactly this
There's the exact same ways of stopping counterfeit goods moving inside the EU as there is stopping it moving in a country (well, theoretically).
I'm not embarrassed in the slightest though, I'm fine with it
(TBF we eat fast food *maybe* twice per year, so it's not really a "I'll take my business elsewhere" but more of a "I kinda expected something more")
Have you listen to any experts opinion on the argument?
You know Denmark is a part of Scandinavia, right
Unless you go around eastern Europe
it's the way they have been treated that has caused problems.
I dont mind drinking milk, and i've had my fair share
English is absolutely taken for granted, here, at all levels
We had 32-36 students in my class until 9th grade where it dropped to 19
It used to be very swampy and we eradicated our indigenous birch
I'm sure there is a good reason that Finnish showers have two drains but i refuse to believe it is actually specifically because of people being drunk in the shower
It was pointed out to me, for some reason i thought Glasgow was the capital of Scotland, i have thus stricken it, but i have chosen not to remove entirely as i think ignorance corrected is worth showing
Since they're *also* accepting refugees fleeing for their lives, I'm not really sure I see the contradiction.
They are all drug addicts or have mental problems.
I swear, the Netherlandish language is just a dane speaking broken German
I have a hard time believing how that number is now 28%.
be ready to party like its 1520 ;)
I think it's this one:
My government (somewhat) recently proposed new agriculture-legislation, claiming that the data regarding the environmental impact of said legislation came from Aarhus university.
You chose not to be
That seems to be main way to turn democratic republics into dictatorships
I’d like to see a show like Supernatural, but where they hunt mythical creatures all over Europe - not just Denmark
It's true in the strictest sense of the word since the government hasn't set a single minimum wage but that's only because it has never been required.
5 degrees can be absolutely bone chilling cold here
They also attract a lot of tourism - if you go to any of the castles or palaces at any time, you'll see tourists all over the place.
[Interrail might just be the thing for you.]
I miss Alicante, me and the family take a vacation there every summer
8 killed
Almost all mink fur is bought by Chinese consumers
You're such a champ for putting up with his shit.
Phew for a second there I thought we were gonna list the little mermaid as our most visited tourist "attraction".
Mine is french
yeah
Austria is basically the wild west now!
Good time to link one of my favourite The Alan Parsons Project songs: [La Sagrada Familia]
Danish rye bread, or as well call it; rugbrød.
I do not claim that values and cultures are not a problem
Are you kidding me
"You just ordered thousand liter milk"
It is not as normal as chicken, beef and pork
What are these moun-tains you talk about
I’m annoyed that a simple constructed language isn’t used instead, so nobody would have that native speaker advantage
Wow
Denmark and Sweden both love Norway more or less, it's actually one of the things in the world we can actually agree on
as is a potential problem with every country on the planet) is the claim that Swiss people are supposedly rude
I think they're talking about this
Brăila*
If you can't tell her British accent is *much* better than her Danish accent at this point.
This looks gorgeous
What are the criterias here
And I guess someone who's moved around from one European country to another his or her entire life may feel a lack of national identity and therefor "European" seems to fit them more but that's such a tiny percentage of people that it doesn't explain such polls.
If you really want to increase the amount of church goers in the world this is a decent option
We Danes can finally relax and let Sweden deal with the hassle of explaining the difference between - I may have heard it from somewhere, so it must be the truth - and plain old verifiable facts.
But do you really expect that humanity will just stop
Not if they enacted it against both at once.
I never lock my doors if I'm at home during the day
* An election to parlament must occur
You're welcome
Personally I despise our use of the flag, I find it too extreme
my desktop is turning my room into a sauna and not the wanted kind
Otherwise Denmark would also show some reliance on the nuclear we import from Sweden
At least in the Danish folklore I've heard/read he does
- Completely random choice of gender
EDIT: Spelling
To real estate agencies closing and only ONE apartment being sold in over a year.
I know 23° up here isn't much in comparison, but I'm suffering and have no clue about anything AC
I know a lot of  people end up skipping these checkups and only visit the dentist when they have problems with their teeth
It will be interesting to find out if the allegations have any merit.
He was in the KGB after all
Another note to the "the Danish case".
Im fearful for when this reaches Denmark
[Don't you be starting that shit again]
It really serves the general point that there are no major differences between Danish universities
80% formality, 20% message
I wouldn't necessarily call it 'dangerous', as the sentiment is already tied to the simplified and sometimes misleading political compass; only if the decision-making is made based on the compass, rather than on ideas and values, it becomes a problem
New moms  are put together with other new moms and meet up to exchange sstories/support
as a dane i am actually shocked by how low denmark is
You can just drive over the border using the small roads
damn
It was a group of young people and I honestly thought they were speaking some dialect of German, because it sounded so harsh and ugly
So really the only option is for Greece to leave the euro.
How come Denmark didnt wanna talk about jews
It is too forced compared with native speakers who just flow
Both based on fairytales by Hans Christian Andersen
After I moved out, started gymnasium and got a job my time has become far more valuable
". We quickly started greeting everyone we passed our selves
The difference between sandwiches from civilised countries and from barbaric country
Also the tram system is great
The sink scraper is not common in Denmark
Lego Land:OG edition
It seems a symptom of the fact that big chunks of UK media has essentially been using the EU as a scapegoat for every problem imaginable for decades now (while never giving the EU credit for all positive regulations and whatever else that actually improve people's lives)
is the older way of saying it
If we are taking Germany as an example of 700.000 arrivals of 2016 'half' (So 350.000) were denied their asylum requests, now all of those would have been sent back, but 80.000 were deported, that's a bit under 30% of those denied.
Du skal vide, jeg tog fra Militærets Grunduddannelse med højeste anmærkning
* Belgium: Their chocolate
Same here in denmark
Du hast mich
Man, I really feel old now
Edit: Or are they all fake and the creator didn't think of that
“A town in Russia” refers to something unknown or strange
I fully agree
This is where it's at
It's honestly surprising, 'cause Slovenia is lowkey seen as the model Balkan state since there's been no scandal
Danish word for traditional mail, like the physical form, is post
Overall Brits applying for citizenship in EU countries have increased by 250%
All of those words just look so Polish except for bohater for some reason
Yep I'm sure fishing their schools into oblivion will help the UK fisherman.
It's a fisherman's tradition and has nothing to do with the jews, but makes the story sound more heroic.
Try checking out this webcam site at night
Now I know
We used to have Swedish/Norwegian/English system as well, but apparently switched as it was easier for herring merchants
Yeeeeah we kinda did the small brain right there
Ace of Base
Well the popular Californian zinfandel is really Italian primitivo, but yeah mostly true
was in Sarajevo in Bosnia Herzegovina
Okay, you're making me really curious now.
Learn to say "Can you speak English" in the native language.
Reality is that he doesn't but somehow he seems to get most right
Go on, name more big economies that are slaves to China or USA this is too funny.
Germany has more reason than most to wish to distance itself from the past, but learning from its mistakes is not the same thing as torching those who made them
> we say "sister's son" or "brother's daughter" and so on
Skål!
As far as I know, there's no university subject that has requirements for "minimum" grades you need to have - instead if 200 people apply and they only have room for 50, they just pick the 50 best
penge, og Fanø blev igen sat på auktion i Ribe
Yup, same here during the summer
The best jokes have bits of truth in them
Your output is going to suck
Derfor startede auktionen en time tidligere end annonceret, og fannikkerne fik hammerslag på 6000 rigsdaler
Denmark is known in the EU for constant opt-outs of literally everything the council puts out and then the people being mad when they can't get the full experience when we don't contribute 100%.
My friends would know they can just grab some of mine, as well as I know I can grab some of theirs - everybody else
Luckily, I don't need to, as at the moment I am not a subject of an oppressive regime you advocate and right now I'm neither forced to vote nor to attend town hall.
I have seen some people claim that at least the bbc when covering the issue tend to make it sound like Israel are the assholes when they kill the terrorists.
We'll just have to wait and see as we continue to advocate for it.
The same thing other nations do when they can't rely on natural resources: trade, services, skills, education, *people*.
They are only obliged to remove infringing content when a rights holder asks them to do so
Honestly didn't know who Stauning was
It was changed in 1915 when women and people who didn't own their place of residence were allowed to vote
Tanks and missiles came rolling by, and i was confused because i then at least thought Santa would sit on one of the tanks
Either way I wouldn't put much faith in such a statement.
mY cUrReNt WeAtHeR iS EvIdEnCe FoR/aGaInSt ClImAtE cHaNgE
The rune stone from 950 is just very concrete and marks the beginning of the Danish state as we know it today similar to Vasa and Sweden
and that Finland isn't Scandinavian.
Oh i see, that was dumb of me
If you choose not to believe, then you also have to go all the way.
They weren't "gifts", they were gifts plain and simple
RAF bombed by request of the Danish resistance the dorms at the University of Aarhus in 1944 because Gestapo had their local headquarter there
But it's the same order as the title.
It limits the crimes of socialism to Stalin
Just dig a moat or something between you and the rest of Sweden
He also *really* hates Catholics.
In Denmark, most drive-through restaurants call their drive-through *drive-in*, which in English, is a different type of service as far as I know
A very slow r/darwinaward
As others have said, it's also a way for many of coping
> wait what
Sort of acceptable but could be better
Vikings poking fun of Brexit in the danish newspaper today
The sockets in my apartment are ancient (don't even have earth) but still have that
In Denmark they’re always refrigerated in-store
I really hope that SD does well for the sake of Sweden.
Says the only flatter country ;)
Ah yes, we all know that Italians must at the age of 13 demonstrate that they can identify 15 different types of wine, by taste alone
Also Lars Ulrich, drummer of Metallica, is Danish
"is this really exist"
The sad thing is that the European interrail used to be better than it is now
I was also thinking Rød Grød med Fløde
It’s very good because everybody’s so nice and the teacher are very professional
He played football with us Danes, he went drinking with us Danes, he invited people over for his birthday like us Danes, he hated school and homework like us Danes etc
Slight correction: that's the ages at which you can legally *buy* alcohol
I don't think they were exactly "given" a referendum, were they?
*Norwedgian* Classic, a beautiful and playful stop-animation:
>	How did they managed that
It will just be a path in the wrong direction.
Because a friend of mine threw a snowball through the shooters window
* Biodegradable waste: 4 %
Not really a part of the gang, but occasionally just follows along
Thats what makes it impressive - Sadly, there is some context missing here, but she is adjusting her abstraction level according to the question, which is what makes this so good (in my opinion)
Don't hesitate to ask, if you have questions about transferring to Denmark
It's to get rid of dust, but also to (hopefully) remove some pesticide remains.
Charlemagne in "Carl den store" (Carl the great) in Danish
However, most are dying out, as most people by now are just talking slight variations of standard danish
Says the only flatter country ;)
The implication of the first part was that Greece's numbers are inflated by the amount of people moving their businesses there exclusively to enjoy the weather
You just bought thousand liters milk
We have long tradition for super nice design so naturally there's a lot of hate for IKEA -mass produced and not always super nice design
This is just Erdogan playing tough.
Niflheim - 5° = winter jacket
It doesn’t happen every month, but every other month perhaps
I have a calender for trash pickup days
Well if we speak a bit slowly and enunciate, we definitely can :)
Kristin Newman: What I was doing while you were breeding
I hope you read the following not as an attack on your belief, but as an attempt to explain why I think many non-religious Danes view religious people as ...
Beer - The modern way of producing beer was created in Denmark
The majority of those who flee these regimes do not support that.
The EU expansion and the speed of it were British positions/decisions though
Probably the [firework disaster in seest ] atleast that’s what I remember as being the worst
Edit: changed S to A. My bad
85 employees smoke
Yep, it's sad, but it's happened pretty consistently, especially when they learn I'm from Jutland
Most Catalonians don't speak Catalan
Og hjertet er næsten hørt op
Going to buy a floor fan when I get paid
Damn that's really intersting actually
I don't really know if we have a proper direct translation of police officer though
Belgium will be the spawnpoint
Flag
This was part of a broader pogrom about the Danish population at the time
They would never in a million years accept freedom of movement though.
I came from an open and direct culture in Scandinavia where no one is worth more or less in a conversation
Yes
Those are called "floder" in Danish
You just learn the words
I don't think that Europe is interested in interfering with internal Turkish politics.
You mean swedes
For example, in Denmark it's said that he lives in Greenland
Why should he be removed
My phone doesn't have a case on it, since I can barely squeeze it into my pocket without one
The discussion in Denmark that is ongoing has focus on cultural and ethnical relations, some being of the believe that being a Danish national ("dansk statsborger") is not sufficient to be called a Dane ("dansker", its meaning not really specified), as well as being born, raised and fluent in Danish apparently is not enough either.
How's the Swiss work mentality
Are you aware of the subreddit we are in
Is it possible to short a currency
But the reusable masks are not as protective
In case you've always wondered why "maneuverability" would be important when picking the correct gun, I guess this proves very well why rifles are not always the answer
But yeah I guess it might be that other countries have the same issues.
Or words where the word have a different meaning:
Both my grandparents spoke thybomål, so I do understand a lot of it when spoken, but can't speak or understand all of it
I'm sad now because I can't get it here
In Denmark many people use the [høvding] bike helmet which wraps around the neck like a collar
it depends how they're treated at the "factory"
Yea that proofs nothing a language being easy or hard to learn for someone from the Anglo sphere , doesn't make it less or more retarded
Hey, we aren't all fat fucks although I could loose a few kilos.
22% more money on healthcare, oh
English also just sounds more natural for video games and TV shows since I'm used to it
That's part of Australia's immigration policy though.
Switzerland is too expensive
Hah no, not at all
> I don't know the origin though
Just feels so out of place
Damn, that's cheap, I could actually see myself becoming a regular there
And in a lot of cases, if you do find them offensive, you'll be told you can't take a joke, or that it wasn't that serious/they didn't mean it that way and why are you spoiling all the 'fun'?
I don't see why it would matter to me honestly.
It's not like Swedens opinions on the conflict matter or are particularly well informed.
Well no, sorrt, but it's r/Europe so it kinda surprised me tbh
Every third French voter just voted for far right nationalism
Well it will strengthen the EU, with more cooperation between our countries and less individual nationalism/isolation (closed borders)
Very weird experience
Whether its sanctioned or not is of no importance.
I wonder how many of them are immigrants or children of immigrants, my guess is a hefty percent.
How is Schengen any different from the EU's freedom of movement
Became a pretty big meme in Denmark
They're farther from the sea than anywhere in Europe...
You can use them in conjunction with a student card
I honestly have no fucking clue how to don't see this as problematic
I know Norman Beuf comes from Old Norse, and we still says Bøf (Boef) here in Denmark.
Nearly all states in the Middle-ages and until the modern period were either the dominions of a city (which were often multiethnic) or the properties of nobles, whose possessions had no regard for ethnic lines
It used to be a goldmine, so many people wishing death to Danes over it
I assumed One is San Marino and the other Vatican
Yea but wouldn't Westminister negotiators/politicians be the ones discussing what they can do to appease Scotland or discuss things with the SNP.
I've heard his name before, sure, but I don't think he is that significant (today)
The US: $38,974,320 million (14,6%)
Not just on poles but publicly
Just more virtue signalling implemented as busy work to manage and oversee that all these rules are being enforced which does not increase the wealth of a nation but rather subtracts from it
I don't know if they would understand my Spanish in Italy
But to me it does make a certain degree of sense that having less people means less people to get infected and less people needing hospital beds
Could you come up with another joke now
Homosexuals too have much higher incidence of suicide attempts than society in general, which is no surprise considering the discrimination and shame to which they are subjected.
Sadly most non-western immigrants obey this until death.
That means that if that 200 people have high grades, the grade average is high, but if they don't then it's low
The exploiting group from above determine the superstructure of society and the nature of the justifying ideology, meaning the  actions feasible because the exploiting class control the productive assets of our society
The Famine of 1943 can not just be summed up in one nice little paragraph that says "Britain Bad, India Suffer".
Because their leaders had a clear plan of how they should look and upheld those arthetectual standards throughout the years (and expanded and improved on them).
Well to be fair, a strong military is kinda important when you want to stay neutral in the middle of a continent that’s had quite a few wars
I do know its originally a Russian gun (actually German but anway) but we can see all the different variations of this gun everywhere and Iran is in it too
Looks like a Death Star
The price for the construction of the stadium are  human lives
Except the fact that both of our neighbours wanted to destroy us multiple times, and both came very close to succeeding at least once
[San Marino Plates]
who the hell puts ketchup on Pizza!?
No I mean grind as in pilot whales
Even though, Alexander the great invaded Persia
I'd also love to see optional reintroduction of patronyms like in Denmark.
That's not proper rye bread
Would be funny if it did
In Denmark, they’re your kæreste, no matter yours or your partner’s gender expression
Most consider him to be a disaster of a King
Where did you hear that
\*Cries in danish\*
I think you got me mistaken I'm not really a fan of the far right, I just don't think we should change our values and culture to accommodate anyone.
Automatic is for taxi drivers and the disabled.
Reeducation camps are around the corner.
Yep, **Ø**resund isn't that deep
Edit: Also public toilets in DC have giant holes all around the edge, apparently to deter drug use in them, felt super weird that anyone could just stare at you from outside it
Can’t pull a man off his high tractor though
We're basically taught that our soldiers fought their absolute hardest, but recognised that they were fighting a losing battle
It was fun for a while, but then it became more trouble than it was worth.
Same here
By the end I had to frankly sit down with my friends and tell them that not only was I tried of all the jokes, it hurt my feelings since it seemed like they actually meant it when they said I was a lower-class criminal who only drank mokai
Seems a bit silly, prostitution should be legal and so
Classics: Air pods and yeezys, the newest iPhone and apple watch
Denmark is [at least 2000km] from one end to the other
Also it got great ice cream
Perkele
Never heard of it
Maybe Lupin was translated so not to confuse it with the flower called Lupin
Men rent officielt skal vi have det hver år vi har dansk gennem hele folkeskolen, plus i gymnasiet hvis man læser på STX eller HF
Skinsyg (lit
Dew neh loh moh
I will either tomorrow or Tuesday.
50, halvtreds: halvtredje + sinde + tyve - meaning 2½ times 20
I'm gonna be loose on the definition on statue, and say [Inussuk] which can be found around North America, in Canada, US, Greenland, and Mexico.
Our healthcare system is good
So if beating children was a requirement of judaism banning it would be antisemitic?
He is taking that picture so he can show the police who to fine for not wearing a mask
Well, it's no coincidence, is it
Like when Jim Carrey posted the caricature of him hanging
“Just become a programmer” doesn’t work for a 50 year old trucker
Which means that the ground at the edge at the top of the cliff is not expected to stay where it is
We're coming to help
Blue for the most part
Remember that one time some US right wingers got in a meme fight with r/sweden
In Copenhagen you can get away with just saying "I had to take the 5A bus" and people will be like: Fair enough, I'm surprised you weren't at least half an hour later
I done messed that up
70 - halvfjerds or halvfjerdsindstyve
Well yes
But besides that
A guy who looks like he smoked 300 lbs of meth and has been trying to tan for days is what my desktop wallpaper is
>I feel like it always goes the same way
Cycling infrastructure in the countryside is more lacking, but generally fine in towns and cities
But everything else about the place is just wonderful
So English is the language used
etc
The accents are very different too, to the point where my girl (from Copenhagen) can't understand my dad (old school Jut) so I have to translate over the dinner table.
5 days in Hong Kong was too much for me and would rather have spent more time in Taiwan.
It is just to bad the only thing you can use Danish Kroner for is to buy stuff in Denmark.
On the other hand I've also met people who don't integrate at all
So like an English scone
Yes
Well, they can just pay star players to accept Qatari citizenship and then proceed to assemble an all star national team from these players
He was before Christian I, though
> but biking is still not as completely ingrained within the society and culture as it is here from what I've seen
Have some fricking respect
i'd pick switzerland, but i really dont know why
It made the UK important for both the US and the EU.
It was like 30% in my school, but I had it and loved it
[Christiania] was/is an abandoned military base that was taken over by hippies
I still like the din le names better
Plus they have many workers that need to work every day to make money to like eat, so staying inside for a month is simply not an option for them
If they actively choose to become criminals, they choose to go home.
Free up time for the police to focus on solving crimes that have actual victims
[Youtuber ranting about this]
So we were just wondering where are some places you must visit in a country, and what are some cool things you can do, that you might not be able to do anywhere else?
Why not both
Yeah or Brians
Edit: Or maybe they usually spray it with RoundUp or whatever
And although Trump may be both crazy and stupid, I don't think he's that crazy and stupid.
At least Danish sounds serious and not like it was made up by a child
[Hun er min Volvo B18
That's because the Anglos are bipolar
It's a surprise to most Danes that discrimination against Jews is still a thing in many western countries
On our last night it rains heavely and our tent gets flood
Suppose I had too much Risengrød.
The course itself was so-so, but our odd group of students from every corner of the globe formed a friendship that would last several decades
At 14-15 y/o I started playing with and talking to people from other countries (namely The UK, The Netherlands & Norway)
Imagine judaism required you to beat disobedient children with a stick - Would a law banning beating your children then also be antisemitic?
They follow Base 20, while 1-49 are base 10.
Another German guy was really chill, he joked with me about it and since heiling isn't illigal here, he had a couple goes at that too
It was just the Austrian Empire for a long time, but at the time where the term nation-state was defined, and people felt Austrian or Hungarian, the Hungarians somewhat blackmailed the government to form Hungary as a Kingdom.
They are *more* similar to Norwegians than to Thai, that is true, but also irrelevant
If not, I agree that it's troublesome.
Blæksprutte: octopus and squid
A generation back, most people had only one last name but today kids usually get both the father’s and the mother’s last name
Like a "firstname" middlename like Jacob, Thomas or Anne or a "lastname" middlename like Jensen, Holm or Winther
And as the curtain falls, what is more appropriate, than to look back at the year that passed, here on our little corner of reddit
There, it really feels like streets were designed for cycling, and cars only allowed if there was enough space, and always on the cyclists’ premises
Come on now, our movies aren't *that* bad
Jack wolfskin is definately how i recoqnize Germans
So I knew these relations pretty well, but how are Finland / Estonia related with Hungary?
I’m sorry, but any sane person would say Pavelic, atleast between those two
What made you fall in love
Love it, beams of reverence and kindness
Given that the alternative apparently was to lend the money to Greece anyway, with the should-have-known that the Greeks would not be able to pay the money back, then I hope the Danes would have accepted it.
And don't really have strip clubs or a strip club culture either.
I can't imagine that's the origin of the terrorist group Taliban
Wanted to know if the ethnic composition of the republic was changing in favour of Tatars (apparently not - but last census seemed to be in 2012).
I even cringe when I look back at it because I thought I was so damn good at English back then, but holy fuck
What is going on
So if there's usually *no* green at all, chances are someone removed it
In someway I feel like Denmark is closer to the Netherlands than Sweden for instance
we're all historically Christian countries, even if today in many places nobody gives a flying fuck about religion (looking at you Scandinavia).
Don't beat yourself up about it, map is still wonderful
I joys me to to see what the outcome of this little linguistic experiment becomes, when I once get translated these words
But often, you won't be going more than 20 minutes away by bike, which is generally no big deal.
Yeah, or maybe the HRE copied it from us
You guys a brutal with those commercials, no punches pulled
Mexico, Australia, South Korea, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Senegal and Egypt
I think it refers to India, which as many of you know, is a fair jog from Denmark
If you don't then you can be fined, and you are more likely to lose your court case, as you aren't present to defend yourself
Monkeys, if monkeys all were exterminated, I would be soooo happy.
Then there's "skånska", from the very south of Sweden, that gets made fun of because of it's similarities with Danish (which in itself is often made fun of).
It's not how much you spend as much as it is what you are spending on.
Good medister can only be bought during Christmas time and that shit is fucking amazing
Gender: køn
We generally scrub them under the water to get the pesticides and conservation out.
They are going by the EU list
If you said, "Undskyld, hr
Yeah
tf is wrong with people
It does not appear to be the case average car age is 9.1 years.
Why can't they just leave the internet alone
That's what it defacto becomes.
I also want to go on your version of Rus, it looks so much more fun than ours
Also, sorry, I forgot there wasn't a map in the photo
Maybe not on a saturday evening
I'm so sorry that you had to move to Sweden.
So it is possible to move ahead, if they suspect it's serious enough
Jeg slog det op og den oversættelse jeg fandt sagde at det var fortress på engelsk.
It is the extremes on both sides I fear, and in the case of Denmark the far left have more members of parliament than the far right.
Well it's not like it's much work to say "Remember the billion times we said that XYZ are non-negotiable
Yeats (or someone else well known) have written the same story about a bridge in France, and later someone drew a comic based on his interpretation
I didn't miss it
Lucas Graham
Maybe that is the reason
I wouldn't be able to relate to them at all and I would constantly have to watch what I said around them.
Hand sanitizer is sold out pretty much everywhere, but apart from that it's business as usual
These old fucks will soon die off and maybe we'll see England come back to sensible hands
It's more of a fun gimmick, I guess, than any real official relation, but the border is disputed
We have germans on the danish side of the border and Danes in the German side and most people in the area are bilingual so it really causes no problems.
Cover all expenses + additional money they can use on the Libyan people, to make them more positive about the deal.
Scratch and *sniff*? What kind of ballsacks are you guys buying
Danmark med stolte 632 point - HVOR ER SVENSKEN
There is a great difference, in sheerly practical terms, between the economic feasibility of an independent Ireland (which is a large and fertile island, bigger than mainland Denmark), and that of the Faroes and Greenland
Yup, same here
it's rare to find good Naples style pizza outside of Naples though, whereas you can get decent Roman style pizza in most of Italy
The smoke and fire by the school meant that the second wave of bombers thought the school was the target, so they bombed the school repeatedly after
Nothing's wrong with Hvidovre at all :) I lived there when I first moved to Sjælland and have a boyfriend there now
I don't think we disagree to much to be honest.
And people say you guys don't have a sense of humour
Still crazy to me as here it’s sixteen (to buy)
Flyvemaskine = Literally just ''flying machine'' AKA plane
Especially so if you are limited to jobs where you don't need Danish.
We make our victims step on LEGO
Well, not every country has the alpes melting into our water tap
still goes to Copenhagen to buy alcohol, source: have sold a lot of alcohol to swedes
It all adds up to around 30 wars since the 15th century
I'd say that central Jutland south-west of Silkeborg is actually the most desolate-feeling region
My step dad is American lived in Denmark for a long time, and people still just speak English to him all the time when he mispronounces words in Danish, instead of either asking him to repeat himself or helping him with the pronunciation.
iirc the number of eastern european immigrants in the czech republic is quite high.
000
His description of the last 150 years of Swedish history would be disputed by other people
Japan: $7,887,404 million (2,9%)
And usually it ended up with both parties loosing the money and going to jail
Then it's bad
Passer ikke
Unfortunately if there's demand there's always gonna be supply
Southern Jutland is also the danish version of Alabama
The only other city I can think of except Copenhagen is Helsingør/Elsinore
We sound like we have a potato in our mouths is the most common one i've heard
I think a lot of the perceived hate is more down to cultural differences.
Also, the Little Mermaid is basically a joke among Danes by now
According to the study Seychelles are higher
A day later on the same exercise we accidentally scared the shit out of an old couple and their dog began running around our camp barking, not very ideal for staying hidden
From there you can climb to the summit in 15 to 20 minutes
Afrikaans is less than Luxembourgish, and Icelandic is maybe the same level as Luxembourgish
I remember the early eighties when we finally had our liberty from our French masters.
> Currently, EU students are charged the same level of tuition fee as UK students
Yes, my god
That's actually a great way to explain it
Like, why does all stores put a rubberband around my carton of eggs
I can provide peer-reviewed research on every claim I made above if it is of interest to anyone
I think a lot of people are unaware of the atrocities of the communist regime, especially in Eastern Europe, as I personally have only begun to learn about this recently
We take long weekends in Berlin, London, Amsterdam, Paris etc all the time
> Austria can be translated as The Mythical Dwarf Of The East
Timeless classic
I’m mad because the weather is shit here in DK
That's why i wrote mostly, sure neo nazis and the like will use any excuse to hate on jews.
I'd slap you for your insolence but alas, I'm to drunk
So they can have the corruption to themselves
French hot dogs
I really does get old
The animals are normally dead when they reach the boiling vat.
But I still have virtually no idea how that would be pronounced, due to Irish following completely different orthographic rules from other languages
Religion, or lack thereof, is seen as a private matter for the most part
I know hate is a strong word, but it was beyond disliking
I'm still not sure, I used the right one
No doubt that I'll be looking to avoid Ryanair at all costs once I'm done with my studies and hopefully become a bit more stable financially
Does it matter
You do you
There are only 11, McDonald’s is probably more preferred here
That said, we don't do many flag-pins like in the US
It only became illegal in 1980
Gum surgery, as much as it probably sucks, has a hellll of a lot higher survival rate than cancer
Okay now you're just being a dick dude haha
A proper purge
Work and school of course
I was told that getting medically exempt is only really viable if I have a diagnosed illness, but as no one has been able to figure out what’s wrong I’m stuck in a limbo
Not to mention the maze-like stations without any safety measures towards the rails
But most adhere very strictly to the foraging movement, and only makes it with things you realistically can find in Scandinavia
French or german becomes mandatory in 5th grade
The parts that concerned for example STDs would be handled in Bio, while the parts that handled about responsibility, mental changes during puberty, setting limits etc.
That’s a new one
It's not that the government is not allowed to do purely political decisions
How are you going to stay neutral if you can be invaded just like that
They were empire building in their spare time as a hobby, but after the actual conquest, it's all all politics and bureaucracy, so they got bored with it and went home again.
We have very different ideas on what grown men look like
It's 100% legal to drink as a 10-year old(although those serving the alcohol may or may not face legal repercussions depending on the context)
it     is now widely accepted, including by the BMA, that this surgical     procedure has medical and psychological risks
That's how I'm speaking German :( Know some words and try to make a sentence
Typical Swedes
This is gold
And it makes sense, but yes I thought about going there when I went to London a few years back, but decided since you can't really get close to it anyway, you get more out of watching a documentary about it
Maybe fish and chips once in awhile
Krydret(literally spicy) is with any kind of spice, while "stærkt"(Strong) is reserved for chili
It would leave The Netherlands and Spain far behind and get close to the Economy size of Italy despite less than 1/2 of the population.
Sunday we're heading back home, and I'll probably wind up making Tortillas for dinner because I can rope in the kids for cutting vegetables, and there'll be leftovers for Monday - which is usually a busy day.
- No articles like the/el/la/die
MeToo
In this sense, the "we are all in this together" is not only political rhetoric, but something reflected in actual practice
etc
She's insanely competent, she's an incredibly nice woman in person, and I obviously agree with her on most issues
germany will become southern denmark and we'll gently overtake all their industry and money
I Think Kasem Said Ahmad would be a better idea
It's just nobody does that, we use our "boxes".
Of course you have, its just strange that even after all these houndres of years, the canons are still there
but i've seen a fair share of boobs
Same thing, often you can't cut slice up to gram
We still owe germany from the last time
The proposed change must pass by a majority, **and the majority must represent at least 40% of all eligible voters**
I know that’s nothing, but I don’t recall experiencing anything worse
I find many similarities between the Irish and Icelandic alphabets
Torino
The same ones
Weirdly, the Swedish city just across the water (Helsingborg) has never been called Elsinburg
Europe
I’m pretty sure they have one more than us
It is absolutely amazing to think about
Don't worry though, domestic bees aren't threatened so we would still have food
"Half three" is 2
Rasmus Paludan
Thx for reminding me of lancier OP, God I hated that with a fiery passion
Hence the "slowly and clearly" part.
I pay transport (€50 monthly), fitness membership (€25 monthly) and other smaller payments
En vår (one spring)
Cecilia Iftikhar has Pakistani roots.
Sygeforsikringen "danmark" is an association of 2
Haha, sounds almost like the Danish word "Skidrik" (Skithrik) which is a slightly outdated word for an arsewhole or bastard
By, indeed
My grammatical skills could need some improvement, I still don't know how to correctly use all the "Mie, ție, îți, își, ne, lor etc"-things, so I try to avoid them :)
No talk about boundaries, no #Metoo
Cleaned my room, removed my white board
However the idea of the electoral college and many of the limitations that exist(ed) in the voting process do in some part come from that early liberal point of view that the poor were too stupid, greedy or corrupt to be able to effectively govern or have a say in said governing
I cant find anything on it on where it begins close to Denmark..
My class went to Berlin and visited a concentration camp, and also the Jewish monument next to Brandenburger Tor
Czech-out
And it's almost always farmers and a few people who don't got the money to sterilise their cats, that keeps these problems flowing
I'm sure a few would identify as agnostic, but the distinction between the two is fuzzy at the best of times.
She teaches Macbeth a lot
*Yo-yo-yo you ain't seen my balls*
Our PM doesn't have to hear what the Turkish one has to say.
After WWI the entente offered Denmark to revise the Danish-German border, however instead of just taking all of it back, the Danish government decided to let the people vote for which country they would belong to leading to the modern day border
Dubbing is for kids who're too young to read.
There's a national program in gymnasium here despite this, gathering gifted "kids"; but with close to no difference towards actual academic level (The academy for gifted kids)
Yes, that's more a literary way of putting it
Is that really what people have against it
I do feel that way, but it's not because it's European (I've never seen it in person), but because it's such an extremely important piece of world culture
TBF, you lots have *perfected* the art of shuffling papers between various offices for *flippin' ages*. I've come to believe that any new company in France starts with at least three employees
Fax
Hej
Has more useful features, better design, more customizability, better plugin API, smaller footprint, and I personally far prefer the dev tools
And this gambling is targeted at young people and children
Looking at the EU party map we're the only nation majority anti-reformist.
Aquavit does not taste good, but I do enjoy it for the tradition and tool of bringing people together
Only choked by you Norway <3
I bet Klingon immigration would be hard to integrate too, but that is hardly relevant to discuss either, is it?
But even using this metric, which really doesn't say anything at all about development, the data is wrong
Because I've never heard of anyone having to wait that long unless it was Post Nord or a Wish package
That sounds like a pretty good vision.
Morally yes, practically
To be fair, that's like saying that Jesus should be brown.
> In fact, people will often ask people to try their nice drink, so that they too can enjoy it
Spanish = Gracias
How Do People Drive on Small / Narrow Roads
Nyborg would be "Newcastle"
And how hard is that
Pretty much every single household has a flag in Denmark
GET IN LINE
Damn, I remember a really good barbecue at 10c last year
Jesus Christ
(Jeg er Voldemort), which I  always found funny, seeing as he is supposed to be charming and handsome
Merkel is coming for you Austria
[As of April 14, 2020, CDC case counts and death counts include both confirmed and probable cases and deaths
Yes
Same here
In Denmark we use a term called "Kultur-kristen", literally meaning "Culturally-Christian" referring to people who don't necessarily are religious, but are religious by-proxy
Inflation can be caused by many things, not just printing money (as inflation is just the price-index of goods and services)
In italy
“Klar eller ej, nu kommer jeg
> Pistol rounds are mostly too slow to really cause hydrostatic shock
A penny, a thimble and a key i think
_ This axiom has held true all the way back to Marx
Yes UK has the best geography for wind in Europe by far.
I'm danish from CPH and lived half a year in Trondheim
" which translates to "why the heck do we have to pay to park here
I'm a big fan of the Faroese variant of Danish, which is known as Gøtudanskt
The footballer callout is the worst
The eternal problem of politics
Before you know it they've given it back, and then we're stuck with Malmø on our side of the border
Finland doesn't exist
Please correct any mistakes you find
Turkey is more like "Don't stick your dick in crazy".
Hvad hedder det
I use it depending on the article as for most subjects they provide a comment on how whatever it was affected Denmark
The algorithm goes; If Siesta = yes then mediterranean
States each vote in their own politicians.
I've had that happen on my friends while we were on a school trip to England once
but it's of a great help to our intelligence services.
development history of the Asian Tigers
Its not confirmed cases as the headline says, for the US its confirmed and probable cases
There is a reason you have never heard anyone say Swedish was nice sounding :P
And I say this as a daily smoker
Jeg har skrevet denne besked på dansk først, og så oversat hvert ord til engelsk for, så vidt som muligt, at bevare ordenes originale placering i forhold til hinanden
Yea, gib england and norway back please, North Sea Empire Stronk
> Danes go shopping in Germany afaik
Was a PISA science performance graph really the best example you could find?
Poland, as is tradition
But it's easier to hit at range than with a knife, obviously
Yeah at most within the country, the last name with -gaard can tell you something about either what type of farm a person's ancestors had (Roesgaard, Melgaard, aso) what was around it (Skovgaard, Aagaard, Brønsgaard, aso), or where it was within the area they are from (Søndergaard, Nørregaard, Østergaard, aso)
I think Lars-Henrik Olsen's series about Norse mythology was excellent´.
I disagree - it'd be considered cheap to keep it for yourself, but it'd  be considered more cheap to not bring your own to the party
Those who understand all dialects, and those who only understand their own
The one that came to mind for me was [Ben by Tessa]
And that is also why Nordic countries implement ways to regulate peoples health
Is there a free and open election process, in which the people gets to decide whether or not to reelect Merkel?
I could give you a list of french words in Denmark if you want, even though there's thousands.
in Iran for example
I like sharing and tasting someone else's nice drinks
Warsaw = Warszawa
If the refugees are able to find other housing at the same cost within the municipality, they're free to do so
What are the odds
So with a very small federal government.
Take Me To Church is a recent one that has topped a billion streams on Spotify
My aunt has mentioned more than once she never wore one and almost nobody in her year did (she often teases my dad for having one) and she graduated late 60s/early 70s
Swedes are not to be trusted
Sydafrika - South Africa
Something, something, World Series, only American teams, something
Except in this case, the man is sticking it to the other men.
Yes I think we a have a choice, and we are not alone with our standpoints.
I have a similar problem with "current is the flow of electrons" and I still have to mentally pause and correct myself
We have the Euro in every sense but the actual physical notes themselves.
Not even a week ago a Copenhagener on reddit insulted me for not thinking Copenhagen is the best place to go out in Denmark
I want to try Live Oak at some point, I've heard it's great too
I would say Rasmus Paludan, but he barely counts as a politician
Because noone would notice and it would be really awkward
We were liberated late on the 4th, the radio announced this at 20:36 in the evening
So they're simultaneously chips to be used in negotiating a trade deal, but also people.
(that only happened in Valletta)
For being a very good example of how a natural resource can be used for the public good instead of pure profit, with their national oil fund
>a mumbled gomorn
A little flimsy, sure, but not *bad*. I think every household has some ikea items
[Relevant webcomic]
The largest towns being Struer and Holstebro, and the prime industry fishing and agriculture
they had a great value price for salmon in føtex, but all the other great offers are at netto
I agree with you, but some movements take it to far like Kotleba in Slovakia wearing hlinka guard uniforms and glorifying it's fascist history during WW2.
I think the “not allowed to stand out” thing is very exaggerated
we literally have a far left party who gets almost all their parliament seats from our capitol region since its our largest urban area, I vote for them too but it matters little in my remote rural area where almost nobody votes for them
Well, here parents are more disgusted with people who hit their kids, than with teenagers having sex
I can see why the British think their island is too crowded.
That one guy that made some of most popular stories
000 DKK a month you’ll get about 20
> It could happen to you too
I think that's what he's doing
When we had our whole thing the English flag was also burned a few times.
Great Britain has some similar archaic institutions like the fact that there aren't elections for the house of lords
I don't go to Copenhagen often, but when I do, I almost always see a couple of Swedes trying to drink themselves to death
You're saying it's possible to high off poppy seeds
How come Denmark didnt wanna talk about jews
Hørmested: "Smelly Place"
It literally means "boy", and that might not sound too uncommon for English nations, but it doesn't make sense in Danish
That WIFI and cellular is bad for you - which is also why there’s some pushback when it comes to 5G.
You drink at certain occations, but you wouldn't see people go into a bar and order two beers and two snaps on a normal saturday evening
Denmark vs copenhagen
Sure a country like Norway is not an EU country on paper.
You "accused" me of not being a "European" official (Im sure there are MEPs that think no Transcaucasia nation is European)
Imagine a eastern European PM saying "let's give them a bit more time to continue brain-draining our country".
I also sometimes try to make foreigners say "røget ørred i Rødovre" ("smoked trout in Rødovre", which is a city outside of Copenhagen)
It's a fair compromise between pronunciation and spelling of the three countries
[2019 results]
Denmark is a very old country and is planning ahead.
He was no defender of anything
Have a good day now :)
Everyone else was rushing to make new "anti-immigration" laws.
Ahhhh I see, didn’t read it carefully enough
Doing them when you are way down in a Greece hole is just to late.
Can’t make an omelette without cracking a few Irish
[Denmark, as seen from Germany]
The parliament are voting no to everything
If you don’t have a train ticket or anything like that, they’ll write you bill of about 100€. For this reason alone people hate them as any morning commute can turn into a financial nightmare
If you studied medicine at Copenhagen, nobody is going to assume you are any better than someone who studied it at Odense, even though Odense is easier to get into
Greenland, however, was basically covered repeatedly throughout all the modules - we have more shared history with Greenland, and I would say our time as a colonist/occupying nation all the way from 1242 / 1814 to 1979 / 2009 is pretty damn relevant in danish history
For instance you can look to ALDE or if you are young LYMEC.
Twenty Øne Piløts as well
How would we all act
It varies a lot for me personally because I have some problems with tooth that I really slow and have to get x-rays done 3-5 times a year
But is it legal to go to another country to have it done?
of course the bike paths are next to the pedestrian paths; they are, however, on an entirely different level and made with asphalt instead of tiles
If anything, you're country is an excellent example of the kind of issues a European federation might meet on a continental scale
The free healthcare and education.
Another classic is "empty your back" (tømme ryggen)
Sweden, Norway and Jutland
immigration and climate change
We went to the Asian side for like 3 hours, where we went to a shopping center, and bought some cloths
I think it is very normal here to be open about pregnancies and giving birth, my mom have been pretty open about it and I work with mostly women who aren't afraid to talk about both in a positive and negative way
From Zealand
Interesting
Hvad helvede sagde du om os
>(according to the article, the Danish government is forcing a lot of immigrants to live in the ghetto)
"original Europeans" is kind of a hazy and problematic term though
Are you choosing to ignore the fact that Clinton and the DNC colluded to destroy the Sanders campaign
Personally I don't care
I really hope more countries begin rejecting these archaic, sexist religious practices
How much freedom should we give them?
I have no idea how common it is though
That's a 2,1 percentage-point increase compared to last year
I grew up in Hornbæk, just on the edge of town, so we just always either ate at home, or at my grandparents' home since they lived in Dronningborg
Look, it's just too intimate for a Scandinavian to hug another man when meeting him
What /u/TheFischkopp said
Anyone
Two milliard three hundred five and half sixty million nine hundred four and half fourty thousand six hundred nine and fours
People simply don't learn an entirely new language to be able to go on summer holiday
Well a lot of them don't even own cars
- [Proto-Germanic] "*austrą" > [Old Norse] "austr" -> the dwarf Austri
If you consider the current state of affairs 'working' then yes, I will concede that you are right.
It's pretty common to be on speaking terms with your neighbors in the suburbs and smaller towns/villages
Good job
Then we rely on governments or other such institutions to gather the data and make objective decisions based on it
more like Andrzej Dupa
Article 50 has a set amount of time - 2 years to figure everything out
Most sellers are quite flexible regarding what they write on the invoice though, if you ask nicely
I was always told it was Danish vikings
That wasn't a reference to Hitler though, that was an artistic representation of Trump hurting some basic American freedoms.
Extra Bonus: "Jydske Lov" from 1241 is a precursor to the constitution begins as follows:
Now, I don't have to at all, but I can't sleep knowing that someone could potentially just walk in and kill me at any time, even if no one will ever realistically try doing that
Got a new plan on Sunday in Australia.
we made some and it really did add that weird "julebryg" taste (I'll add, "Julebryg" just means "Christmas brew")
These kind of incidents tend to happen in the ghetto areas though, hence the term no go areas
Most of Denmark was neutral during the first world war
177 = one hundred and seven seventy = et hundrede syv og halvfjerdsindstyve
Wind is both cleaner and cheaper as well as much less environmentally invasive than nuclear
(aha sorry, got a couple of classmates who are like this)
The reason danes think it is, is that media is blowing it out of proportion.
The only thing that's quite clear to me personally, as someone who is a centrist in Denmark,  is that communism isn't one of those ways forward
You are right
not interested in any way
You were good in 98'. The other years from 1997-2002, you were mediocre or trash
All my friends know this
He says its because he likes that the butter goes in the holes, but I say it's because he's insane
We have an advent calendar scratch card
Some people also have the misconception that denmark is a winter wonderland
[Brandon Beal - Twerk It Like Miley feat
I really wanna visit the beautiful country one day, and I could even envision myself live there
It's just happens to be the most confusing part of Your lovely nation
Livet er dejligt
Why danish *shouldn’t* be chosen
So German would be an easy first pick
I faced some stereotyping from his family too, being from Jutland and moving to Copenhagen
Although likely, it just seems silly to conflate it like that.
>In fact, Lindisfarne was so full of treasure that the initial raid, and even subsequent ones, still did not impoverish the monastery
I think you misunderstand me
Theo van Gogh was the only victim, so that's why it's not on there.
Quick calculation says its cheaper than car if you are one person, about the same if you're 2 and more expensive if you are three
Yes that was what I was trying to say.
In the 80's there were also bands like, TV2, Kliche and Gnags
The norse godess of wisdom, Gefion, wanted more land for Denmark
While he's actually better of now, less stressed and what not, he would really like to be asked about important stuff
50 is halvtres or halvtresindstyvene, meaning "half-three-times-twenty", which doesn't really make sense
Well
I tried compiling a list of danish representatives, which political party they belong to and what they voted
Good thing you're leaving then.
GERMANY
I do not understand what the purpose of this post is
With or Without You, a timeless classic
but I really had no clue what to expect other than "other European country".
He also later goes to Lithuania and Estonia, and documents their traditional brewing cultures
I used to actually go there but it's been ages since I've taken a proper gander at this marvelous subreddit hehe
Not directly, but it is mentioned
It's clearly because the business owners aren't fans of running all their revenue through taxation.
Learned British English, a few times differences in British, US American and Australian English would be mentioned, but generally anything else than "proper" British standard English would be corrected.
At least you give the uniform a bit of a rest when it's Zwarte Piet time!
Denmark
Herning, Aalborg, Esbjerg, all known for industry and work, but doesn't have the same stereotype
I had a comment chain with someone who was sure he would start a nuclear war (he couldnt answer with which country tho)
Every time I see cocio, it is labelled Pfandfrei with the German system instead of the Danish pant system
> But from my perspective with this action he can be sure to be on list of high priority targets
Most people say "Hallo" (hello) or "det er/ du taler med Caroline Amalie" (this is/you're speaking with Caroline Amalie)
Still flattered that a Swede said something positive about us lol
The kids help with the feeding and cleaning as a playful game.
Looking at a map would achieve much the same
I know some people who put jelly in them as well when they bake them themselves
I laughed, but then realised she was deadly serious
No diplomacy with ISIL must also play a role.
Of course, hehe, but what I meant is, if you could even find luxury houses in bad neighbourhoods?
Yeah i was just speculating as to why that was the case
Essentially, the Anti-German sentiment seemed to take a different turn already in the years just after the war, and over the years I think most danes have largely forgiven the Germans, even if we still meme about reclaiming the remaining land we lost way back in 1864
Can't *kyn* mean genitals too
In Copenhagen you can swing by the National Museum.
i know what they are
He got both personal votes, and so did Stram Kurs
We were taught the differences between the different dialects and accents in a superficial non-technical way
I feel bad for them
We have two major parties who both are seen as being placed in the middle of the political spectrum but each point slightly towards left/right
It is mostly natural gas, bio fuel and waste burning facilities.
&#x200B;
TBF, you lots have *perfected* the art of shuffling papers between various offices for *flippin' ages*. I've come to believe that any new company in France starts with at least three employees
[here is why] :D
I dont think it is likely, but it is the most likely possibility
Does it not rain on your stuff
You can say opholdsvejr in Danish too
It's more surprising that dýna means mattress in Icelandic as the word is associated with dun (down)
City either works decently on many levels or the population is delusional
You enter through the closet and then the talking lion guide through the whole thing
The euro-sign is only on alt-gr+e.
Danes are the nicest people in the world
Well, i did, it was my 18th birthday, and it snowed
etc
Likely that's why it's somerhing we don't talk much about
Except that both Gdansk and Elbląg, were primarily populated by ethnic Germans before the wars of the 20th century, after the first world war, and enhanced after the second world, when Germany lost those centres the german populations were exiled, and those areas were populated with ethnic poles, there was no continuity, so the previous economic strength of Danzig and Elbing evaporated, and the Poles living there had to rebuild and refashion everything from scratch.
I'm living in the Netherlands right now, and except for the language and the Euro, it's almost like a more crowded Denmark.
>Vi er utrolig glade, hvis vi kan samle det gamle land og vores gamle folk i et samarbejde, og jeg det tør jeg sige selvom Sveriges ambassadør  i Danmark sidder her
We might agree a lot on national policies, but when it comes to international politics there is a lot of differences.
It's hard to describe precisely but going to a market in Hamburg has a vibe we lost at some point during the 90s when we decided "folkelighed" (volkstümlichkeit) was no longer cool (at least in the capital region, they're probably less stuck-up in Jutland)
If EU ends up having to make laws against this, it's pretty fucking depressing.
Probably [Agnes Obel - Riverside] (live version, since original has been removed from Youtube for some reason)
Keeping their shoes on while inside homes
We have nothing to prove, anyway, so why try hard
So far Leopold has probably been the most worthy of removal anywhere
This just means antisemitism was widely spread in Europe for a loooong time
The golden rule is:
That's not pizza
What's surprising is the extreme lack of empathy, or even just viewing women as *people*. You talk to women the same way you talk to men: as people
Actually he's lobbying for the bicycle industry.
It got a lot of international or at least continental wide European traction as well
Some people are worried, but the Danish language is such a core part of Danish identity, that it will never truly disappear
And that's a good thing, because here in Europe we produce great automatics, just look at the DSG
Got it
You're trying to single out *one* form of cultural appropriation and say "this is super legit.
Visit a guest house in eastern Bavaria during the summer time.
Thank you, finally someone who said it
The EU have given May leeway in negotiations, because they had a good relationship
Where people lived their entire lives on the open road, often bringing all their worldly possessions in a  baby carriage, or decorated cart
Happened again
And it'd be awesome to see the view outside the window get progressively more absurd, as the various countries are showing of landmarks
I think in Elsinore’s case it’s due to Hamlet, but don’t know
Skiftning in Danish
I have heard these vikings being claimed as danish, Norwegian and Swedish
I think you're having us confused with the US
Yeah, as long as the beer settles, it's all good
Copenhagen
negate, I guess, some of the more obvious problems of capitalism (but failing to attack and solve the real problems of capitalism as well)
As for Denmark we cooperate a lot with the Brits.
I do not believe a government should ever have the right to execute its own citizens, regardless of what their crime is
Jump ~ Climb over
Well /shitamericanssay is hilarious but I have never posted their
And it was changed in 1953, when Landstinget (a  second congress excusively for the wealthy) was abolished
7 continents:
The whole list came about when a couple tried naming their kid "Anus" if I recall correctly
Europe went full pirate council on "Most compassionate"
Its okay, he has a history of screwing teachers
Not to mention our old minister of foreign affairs
muslim serbs for bosnia, but you are more turkish for serbia ;)
Comparing the two in relation to Brexit was merely an attempt at a joke.
I always thought it was Danish just like me, due to good branding and marketing
And knowing the sort of history of it all made the moment pretty potent, honestly
So most people of that generation has a decent understanding, while ours is pretty lost
That's because the Anglos are bipolar
Here's is a quote that backs me up
Upon waking the bewildered Jeppe asks himself (contemporarily rephrased):
*certainly* not
The medicine and wealth they have created is enormous.
They'e mostly fine, although we're also separated by a bit of water from all of them except Germany.
Just in case you don't know, The Julekalender is originally Danish
I'll instead tell you about something more recent
Russia is European, even Northern European like us, yet sits at the border of Asia and has historically kind of done its own thing
A lot of countries *really* struggle with not killing people.
Every tourist has to see it, and every tourist will be disappointed
Football is unique as it’s fan culture historically is so rooted in working class culture not only for entertainment but also as an emotional outlet
I like their cheap bakeries everywhere
You can also do it to compound words, so missetand can become tissemand
In Denmark uni is free and you also get up to roughly 800€ a month by the government for studying
For Denmark:
> that it's off the grid of the mile washing machine support sheet
The first existentialist was Søren Kirkegaard
Here it's a mix of the different kinds, but we don't really think of them as Danish or Norwegian
First thought I "english grammar is the same as danish", just subject+verb+object
* Even the poorest and the workers are heavily taxed, despite our 'progressive' tax system
Unlike /u/22dobbeltskudhul I see change as a possibility
Full of people in Fjällraven or beige parkas with knit-hoodies, old Danish buildings, the typical city-cathedral and then just a bunch of 70-90's villas all of them about the same size, no huge outliers
The Politicians needs one heck of an excuse to fire the director.
Lithuania - Litauen
EU skeptics usually compare with Swiss.
Because you are correct, it is very common among media to say "the agreed 2%" - But they have never been agreed upon, which is why you are unable to find an official NATO document saying it is an agreed upon pledge.
Flat is not always bad~ Plenty of pettanko fetishes out there ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Herring, wether it be smoked pickled or fried, throw that fish back into the sea because its garbage
Yeah maybe my interpretation is wrong but it’s generally the interpretation my family shows
Ritter sport :)
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Good thing there always will be ironic good morning chat pictures to provide a meme baseline
In my experience even some young Germans will be very offended about any jokes about Nazi Germany and the Germans having been Nazis
I'm literally dying
Also
During one of my last classes in December the sun shine briefly outside
Historien om Danmark with Lars Mikkelsen (great actor, known internationally from things like Sherlock, The Killing, The Witcher and Star Wars Rebels
Anne = Anna
I mean, there are even multiple dialects on Zealand itself.
Only the Norwegian one or is the Danish one also to be seen
Fair enough, I’m in Copenhagen and I never hear it
I've driven past this area once
Then at highschool, you may learn Spanish, and some places you can learn Mandarin
We have no 5G here and people are still dying of covid-19
Count Scandinavia out, a European federation is quite unpopular here.
I have read this comment several times over and still have no idea what you are trying to say
Thank you so much for the elaborate reply, i will take this list to my Turkish grosser and reply back with the results.
This sounds A LOT more like an issue with the agency in question than with Mette
That's not how I interpret "not heard of", but as what has that country done recently and people would not know as they "haven't heard anything", it doesn't mean whether or not the country exists
they have down there
Literally today I was in an international group someone answered "PA", no other context at all, to a question about where people are from
Don't listen to all that Russian and Chinese propaganda
Swedens are weird, sorry
Most famous is probably: "Et barn er født i Betlehem", "Dejlig er den himmel blå", "Det er så yndigt at følges ad", "Hil dig, Frelser og Forsoner" and "Nu falmer skoven trindt om land". He was pretty influential in the 19th century and while he is today mostly known for his psalms and the schools he founded, he actually also made the first full translation of Beowulf into a modern language in 1820 and from that point on was very inspired by old Anglo-Saxon literature
That's why you have to meet the [Convergence criteria] first
lars seier gonna be piiiiiissssed
000 a year, which you do at 43
negate, I guess, some of the more obvious problems of capitalism (but failing to attack and solve the real problems of capitalism as well)
We're a very small country
I just want to say as a dane who lives in the southern half of sweden
And you just explained most of the reason behind the wage-gap.
I'm from Randers, so you can imagine the 'jokes' (see: genuine prejudices that people disguised as jokes)
The only consonant sound is N.
Ministers seem to change shoes
And they are very much in the minority with that statement
Some double-blind tests should be fun
I WILL MURDER YOU FAMILY
Restaurants, cafes and bars are allowed to charge for tap water and do it ...
Isaac's Square
Beautifully put
=  One hundred one and fourty times twenty = 141st
And you know, wrong
that's harsh
I got an eerie feeling watching that.
Because nipples are dangerous, can’t have kids see them /s
He was part of the military of a nation which the US is at peace with
As whimsical as that sounds, it's a very relevant answer.
We ended taking a very long taxi ride to the next city (which was wonderful again)
You can find a bit more in this article
We'll do it again ;)
Damn, I love that style - but all in all, I believe a mixture of buildings constructed in varying styles are best for a city
The Union can stand no longer we shall split into two entities, the ones who like pineapple and the **Scum
" as you're leaving the bus with 6 other people at your door, 8 other people are leaving at the other door, and 15 more are entering the bus, taking up most of the driver's concentration
It is not that difficult to predict.
That just sounds like the typical "my culture is bland because I'm used to it", which pretty much everyone has to some extent
Having such an emotionally controlled and neurotic man in power is so much harder for everyone to prepare for than Russia, where the level of impulsivity is much lower (but the politics much more scary).
That's not a critique of either country.
Even though it is few people, I really wonder what made some people improve their opinion
Please don't introduce yourself as being from a specific federal state before the country though
He should be leading the demonstrations.
I imagine the food in Regnskoven is very expensive and not really worth it though, so it's good that they allow packed lunch
Neither Denmark to my knowledge
> Kapitel 8
" when the Systembolaget clerk asks why you need so much beer
We will accept it for a while if you don't, but if it's a clear pattern that you don't bring your own alcohol, Danes will start turning cold towards you (though likely not confront you directly, as that would be considered equally rude, instead you'd just be banned from the alcohol or the parties)
You Finns are funny with your tango passion by the way
Rolig: DK calm, SE funny
Denmark trounced Sweden like 50 times between the late 13th century and the early 16th century
to my knowledge these cant really be translated without losing their meaning completely
The facade and large parts of it are made of stone
Could you please send some nice weather then
Or is it only rental for now
You're all very welcome
There was a famous radioseries when i was a kid called "Kris og chokolade fabrikken", where Kris called his boss every morning with some hilariously insane excuse for why he couldn't come to work that morning
One of the best dance music songs ever written
Lies and slander
Even the metal chick was confused
That and setting money aside for it, incorporating east germany cost West Germany like 80 billion.
Alright, that's pretty funny
Hummus with bare hands
Go online with your National Online ID and get a CVR-number.
Not a great look really
Der er party i provinsen
I would like to think I don't take up that much space that people can't avoid knocking into me in stations, but perhaps I have a warped self-image  I knew I shouldn't have gotten my mirror from the Tivoli Fun-House
I am fine with paying for the buildings, many of them are old and are part of our history, but the organisation needs to burn.
People do that automatically in Sweden
In our day and age it's almost become racist to not want a multicultural society, its pure madness.
Never
people just don't have landline phones
In Denmark, stuff like getting a gastric bypass (just the first weird example that came to mind) in public healthcare would take a looong time, a lot of evaluation etc
Culturally, it's a monoculture to an insane degree
> electricity
Later his daughter would end up living here in Denmark, and we still stay in contact
For me many Americans are selfish and don't seem to understand or don't want their taxes to go towards healthcare
I hate my last name
That being, it's clear you really love Copenhagen, which I understand
If it has to be sort of "realistic" I guess Norway and Iceland.
"Hvor skal vi sove i nat" is probably most "karaoke-like" of the bunch
I wanna thank London for being a great city, where I got a surgery and their contribution to culture and language all over the world
They are also known for being extremely petty about their apparent “authority” and will try to do short of everything to make your day worse
What is this
The thinking is something along the lines of "well i live here, i have plenty of time to see it some other day
I was hella confused because my feed is usually full of fan art from /r/DnD
Oh well, they will probably mess it up under pressure
i certainly would
Nowhere in that wikipedia article does it say creationism is taught in European schools.
We use mosquito to elephant as well
the country
Interesting
Same goes for most other last names ending in Sen, as Swedish, Norwegian and English use Son
I am not familiar enough with Moscow to add anything specific about it though, but fairly certain it has a similar divide
> The only state I know of getting around this rule even though they are eligible for the currency is Denmark
Can I ask who it was
Second would probably be Bayern/Baden-W. Germany got cheap cars;) (relative to my flair)
Reminds me of the difference of how Norwegians and Danes google the Dano-Norwegian kingdom
They were generally just so rude, loud and obnoxious
Different people have different ideologies and philosophies of life (and therefore, governance)
The go-to Danish middle school German class willful mistranslation (as in it was so common that it was one of the first sentences we learned), was "Der Tür ist böse
A very clever plan to ensure religion will be inefficient and never become generally popular, and it has worked brilliantly.
Yeah, I don't know why Google's information widget fucks up there, first I have seen it post blatantly false information, but it is very much incorrect and that is easily verifiable by looking at the further sources and results.
At no point in any original source is there any mention of any "ban".
That's true of most religions
And I love it
My first thought was Bertel Haarder, who was a minister at the time, who broke down in anger and swore at the journalist because he was interrupted while eating rice pudding to go on television and now didn't even have time to go to the theater
**Russia**
I see it like most other fruits tbh
I search for my country, Norway or Sweden cause ik it's gonna be following
At Forum Romanum bankiers had their benches where they conducted business
Check
I've never seen anything like it here
The only reason every Dutch person visiting Denmark is not immediately rushed to a ear, nose and throat-specialist for treatment upon speaking is because of our great diplomatic relations.
But i think if you asked 10 people on the day why, less than half would be able to tell you
We have hjemkundsskab too
You still get a fine day
Denmark is more like 23 today
Isn't risk an inherent part of buying stock, or have the bailouts of the past decades erased that part of stockholders' memories
All indoor public spaces, just to clarify
Hey, if the EU blows up Croatia should form a union.
if youre serious, you can contact him here
What's the point in having a rocket if you have nothing to send into space?
That's not even a story passed down to me, it's a local legend in the french village where it happened
At least it's funny when you're a Dane
It's harder, but it's not impossible
[Ukendt Kunstner] does a very good job at combining rap and beautiful instrumentals
Denmark is one of the Nordic countries, and has the same high rate of English proficiency.
Sorry, aren't you missing 3 k's?
I’d know since I’ve been working there for the last 1
I mean, it's a nice statue, but the area surrounding it has more value than the statue
Lol
Fun, isn't it
To be fair, just because you're not part of the EU, doesn't mean you can no longer import or export EU goods, or that it would necessarily become more expensive for you to do so
Yes and no, someone much smarter than me on the subject eplained it a few years for me
It's the customs, norms, traditions and values that have been handed down to me from my family and my kinsfolk
After 100 it just becomes the same
Still "Kaupmannahöfn" in Icelandic, the language frozen in time
When I lived in america there were a lot of times where I'd point to Denmark on a map and the reaction would be "isn't that Germany
Dismantle the EU in three easy referendums!
) Most of the time, it's more a question of rhythm and where the stress of particular words is placed, than vocabulary or the speed of talking
There is already close relation with Lithuania in the nordic counsil, so if they are good bike raiders than we can only vote yes
Norway is ridiculously rich
Nice
His name is Holger Danske ;)
This is beautiful thanks
Ah, Niels Ebbesens huset - no it's not a pub, just a regular restuarant formerly called "Niels Ebbesens" after the guy that we have a statue of in the city center (now called Potten og Panden, I believe)
It's changing, but it's basically shaped by the iron curtain.
It always amazes me how these politicians decide to pass laws that are illegal in the EU.
So very, incredibly sad :(
They must have some funny criterias they use to select the winner with.
Oh yeah you are right
It's just a tiny statue
in danish some words are spelled the exact same way but have different meanings, like dør(door) and dør(dying)
Hvorfor kan du ikke lide det
I heard a great analogy of what UK wanted
In general our power grids are a lot more connected than I'd realized
Anyone can read each other’s language easily
1500s would probably be possible, although for most parishes church books only exists from around the 1600s.
Not particularly friendly at all
The alternative is that they either massively lower their living standards, or fall into the pockets of China, Russia or the US, all of whom have their sights on the North Atlantic, and none of whom are likely to be as charitable as Denmark
It is a nunatak, a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice
If not, i'm 18 and i had to pay my mom rent ever since i turned 18, not very much though
They even had a little enclosure where they could take a break
The public busses have a European flag on the roof
One of my squad mates in the military was a real neo nazi - as in: actual member of the party.
Old nations
Ireland says 120 but they have 100 km/h limits on country roads I couldn't feasibly driver faster than 50 on
Never, why would we even do that
A lot could go wrong, and Turkey and Russia can hardly be called 'friends'.
Eurovision is always in May, which is before the tournament
If we could just borrow ten of those Celsius I’m sure both of us would be a lot happier
I sometimes forget about it so I’m unfortunately not knowledgeable about it enough to include them
This is the reason why we had the best firestation in the country, and the town is old, but the buildings are new
\- Huge, diverse country
You don't know many muslims, do you?
If you can't plan around it when you have like 4-5 months of warning beforehand, you would be a pretty crappy planner.
It goes:
Is this good for the climate since he's green?
I think it's a horrible ideology, but that doesn't mean that I'm automatically a fan of any political ideology that claims to oppose them, as limiting the choices to those two options is a false binary
Also, they're adults
If you're in a classic Danish bar, don't ring the bar bell (it's really a ship bell) at the bar itself unless you're willing to pay a lot
I drove through the country once
It’s Werner the Wasp (Hvepsen Verner)
In my town in Denmark we have paper, metal, plastic, glass, cardboard, organic and other
Was just about to ask the same - we just use paper towels here
>The planned canal bridge over the Elbe, necessary to avoid low water conditions in summer, was not built due to the Second World War
Seems like some countries are in need of a genophage
Good stuff
It has a horizontal enter
Lately our previous government decided to move lots of the essential institutions outside the capital
Denmark has however ruled Sweden for more than a century
How about some Kalmar Union
Don't you usually do the planning *before* making preparations?
I think it might be because most people have visited Rome while Romania is still quite niche as a holiday destination.
Oh right, sorry
Time machine
I feel utterly bad to say I agree with u/ehnej, and that I don't need more friends than the ones from my childhood who are still my friends
If you are like me and live nowhere near a border you might visit the cross border shops once or twice a year
Greenlandic: hold my igloo
(German) (perhaps more *ja wohl*)
Refreshing to see these statistics aren't using Norway's 2011 numbers anymore
If civil war broke out in a Western European country right now, would it spread to other countries?
So many potential virus spreaders there
I also have another
The most recent thing I can think of would be when king Christian X caused the Easter Crises by dismissing the government in 1920 without approval of parliament, in an effort to get approval for his plan regarding the reunification with Schleswig
Poor people in the US tend to have lower education, less access to mental health care, and there is also more homelessness in general
Ethnicity isn't really such a big topic here from my experience.
Even if we just look at recent years I'm not sure everything can be explained by fear of peeping toms taking fotos
Oh, I’m sure you knew
Apart from that I can't think of any.
[An entire hippie village] with classic hippie stuff like no cars, no advertisements, wacky architecture, animals running around, concerts and the biggest and most openly displayed weed market in Denmark
No idea what's going on with the US though
That's why they are not civilians.
Bernie was not only against NAFTA, so of course that's not what I'm saying.
Denmark as well
The 2012 statistic from Denmark isn’t the case anymore
Yeah, there was something about the British colonizing the world at some point
The main negative is how expensive it is
When they set up shop in Denmark it was a shit feast
i was wrong
Even if you could get a night train between all these cities (you can't, and for the ones you can, it is not always a direct route, meaning you'll get a lot less sleep, so you might want to give yourself time to rest from time to time), one day per city is completely unrealistic *unless* the point of the trip is the train travel, and a brief look at each city is just a bonus so you can say you've been there.
Faaaaakeeeee
For polterabend it's tradition for the man to be dressed in a dress and sell kisses in a public place
Yet we still spent 20 min speaking about that one movie, in which he remembered 0 details from
It has just made a world record producing 216000 kWh in 24 hours.
It's compulsory, and so is Ancient Studies, where we learn about ancient statues, epics, poems, etc
'Easy for you to say when your ancestors weren't a currency
Trump is not going to act very president-like and his supporters like that.
Russia is not a member of the EU.
So my family will now have conversations in German, and I will just be at a loose
If a Dane with really low intelligence moved from Denmark to Sweden, the average IQ would rise in both countries
Except they are not
I’d imagine Copenhagen was named after the Baltic Sea because it functioned as a gate to get in and out
Saw [another one] on my way home, the title is a pun I’m a bit too tired to explain properly, but it’s basically combining “a bull in a China shop”,  “throwing rocks in glass houses”, and our nation’s highest honorary title of “knight of the elephant order” that’s often given to state leaders
Yeah, Greece is literally the world's leading nation in shipping, with more trade vessels than any other nation
And yeah I get where you are coming from in regards to travel time
Awful, has this been shut down yet?
I think that was that
Which are obviously a far more impartial source than the Danish books
Many people found that completely ridiculous that he’d step down for “just that”, whilst other people found it appropriate since their party has probably been the most prominent party in the MeToo-debate
[I recorded a gif of the fisting incident after seeing the video on a danish news site
I really don't understand why either, are there houses dirty?
From having German in school, we learned about your school system a lot
So you dont get hot girls drinking Coca Cola - totally coca cola’s fault
> The Mac command key ⌘ is based from the Swedish "point of interest" symbol on maps
Well, I obviously have a fondness for the other Nordic countries and their flags.
On the flip side, the overall stereotype is that we are less progressive (which really depends on the city tbh), less educated, and more prone to violence
There's a lot to see in Europe, and some nice nature as well, but Europe is kind of shaped by the fact that it has been densely populated for thousands of years.
>Kriget (Denmark)
And when we account for differences in population size we get:
_α_. But generally α is the most common form, nobody really learns to write a, not even in print
Especially the Danish 'stød' is awful to learn as well as the soft d's
Especially since they have a lot of socialist policies (as long as they are for the "real" Danes)
It's a shame that your politicians think that they can control the bleeding of highly qualified workers by making punitive laws against emigration, but you're still far off Greece levels of being royally fucked
Yeah
The English language one I use *all the time*.
It's still an ongoing process, most changes have only come in the last couple years
De har jo også haft STX eller tilsvarende, plus flere år med fagene intensivt på seminarium
Soon it'll be over
Yeah, that was my inspiration
I feel like all of Scandinavia dislikes Sweden
In that we very much disagree
alasdairgray made no point at all so you can’t prove him wrong
There are no mountains, but we have a unique coastline, and areas around Silkeborg and Rebild respectively are very pretty
Don’t mix Danish viking history with Norwegian
They count for the first 12 members, the rest are second class peasants for you
The sunlight hours are by far the worst.
08g CO2/kWh (analysis made by Sovacool and Valentine in *The National Politics of Nuclear Power: Economics, Security and Governance)
Doesn't happen often, but when it does, it sounds horrible
Haha, my mom and her husband has a fridge like that
Please no, communism has already fucked Europe so much.
I also bought my teenagers bigger beds
They don’t have the balls for that here in Denmark
This isn't to say the Nazis were a force for good, but they were the shiniest of two turds for some
(Sorry if that is an exaggeration, but it's all you hear about Italy in our media)
Maybe that was why in the USSR consumer products sucked: Everybody was making luxurious radar sets !!
Hygge is apparently so difficult to translate, that the word has been adopted as an English word
I'm indoors, using 3, the provider the other guy is complaining about:
Most people in this sub just hope they won't becouse it is mostly pro-EU, and are not looking at how big England really is
Luckily learn we english in a very early age in Denmark, so this here should not be very hard
The only genocides I know of are Nanking, Holocaust and Armenian :p
Yes
Punishing child abuse is extreme
It was at the height of the migrant crisis and groups of migrants were quite literally wandering on the highways
We find Swedish and Norwegian translations for words like “computer”, “teenager”, “tablet” and stuff really funny
Copenhagen almost the same number as whole of Norway
Since I grew up on Hollywood films and english video games as much as anything Danish I understand it very well and use it daily, I have tried making it more smooth but its difficult, and I have actually found myself thinking in English as much as Danish when I try to write fiction, since many of the books I love the most I read in English and draws inspiration from those as much as anything I learned during school
Sometimes there are so many tourist around it that you can't get anywhere near it without spending time standing in line
Exactly
Alright, anyone wanna help me carry 348 eggs
They have postponed it multiple times, they have crashed, run people over, and so on
I would actually say that some of the best and most succesful Danish movies have been made in the last 15 years
Some Soundcloud rappers gotta grow up listening to Jethro Tull
Ay look, it's the separation effect
Det er rart at møde dig
\*1238 Flashbacks\*
Except for the police forces using revolvers
That is actually the only reason
It's funny, Norwegians go to Sweden, Swedes go to Denmark, Danes go to Germany, and Germans go to Poland, all in the pursuit of cheaper alcohol
It's probably does - outside of the nature subjects, I never was taught anything about the stone age
You would have to pay to be allowed to post it on Facebook, Facebook would have to pay for having the link there on your profile, etc
These are pretty funny
It's not that a lot of people can't understand those languages spoken, but it's much easier written
Radio just has the news speaker read the forecast.
During those 33 years the state lobotomized roughly every 1000th citizen
It’s like a Phoenix
- This is purely selfishness from pride and political dogma
Did you forget Copenhagen/København ? :D
as a child but that sure as shit hasn't been possible for years now
A travesty
All the shops and restaurants on that street are either huge international chains or tacky, expensive souvenir shops
In danish it's called Sjælland, which I can't really think of an obvious connection between those two forms
I am in the minority here, but I absolutely love the Dutch language
These people who commenting like “Armenia is in Europe” do not even know what they are defending for
The major export industry in Greece is tourism
Danes are fairly sceptic
We still read them for kids though - it's a common baptism gift to give the 'child' the completed set of the stories
Vælsk meaning a welsh (aka
I don’t drink alcohol or milk
And just to preempt the "but nuclear power is flexible" crowd
Here Postnord as only delivery option is usually a reason to pick another webshop
Can someone break this down for me?
Whereas the slow option is minimum of 13 hours excluding the 30-45 minutes that the train from Gatwick takes.
It’s abundantly clear from statistics that migrants from some countries do really well, and from other countries, really badly
I think you’re right about a lot of things, but I do think language speakers have very different amounts of pride in their language
Iceland was hit by one disaster after the other in those times, and the population on Iceland was decimated and very poor
is obviously them failing at some point
It was sold as a trade union agreement and nothing else.
Muricans should learn, school shooting seems like a cultural part of them nowadays
st grade onwards and no tv or film is ever dubbed over in Denmark unless it's aimed for 5 year olds or younger
Definitely, you gotta draw the line somewhere
We will
Move an hour or so out of Copenhagen(in the right direction), and you can get 240 sqm
Oh he didn't do it as a joke
Varde Artillery museum maybe
Not to be a nazi, but I believe that it's: A eunuch
But very useful, in case you want to go study in another Nordic country, which quite a few people do
That is, it's rooted in Germanic but transliterated into Latin spelling
No no, it is very serious
Here's what you do: You take your free movement of people, you turn it sideways, AND YOU SHOVE IT STRAIGHT UP YOUR CANDY ASS
So in essence I was so happy to get the personal development and the experience, but the professional experience and living conditions where horrible
regardless of what everybody else does
Of course we don't hate the swedes of today
Yeah but it would be even better IF we reconquered Scania
fite me swedo
" -> To which you'd say "Jo" or "næ". In English this used to be "Aye" and "nay"
Det er egentlig en hyggelig lille by, men ja, navnet er dælme uheldigt
The sun still sets at 16h though
It is (or at least it was when I was a kid and for my social circle, I can't speak for the entire country or different generations) common enough for parents to allow children 8-10 to have a taste of alcohol (beer or cider, not vodka and stuff), but in most cases you wouldn't be allowed to just take a beer and down it
However, the potential problem with dikes, dams etc
Despite being a socialist, I refuse to see socialism as simply the negation of capitalism
There's no standard placement for €, but it's commonly put where the countries put their old currency.
[The danish monarchy dates back to year 939]
Correction: They're *trying* to pay the money back, but for some reason going "oh, you found out.
Even removing suicides would still leave us at about 6 injuries for every homicide by gun or accidental death by gun
Your employer or the government supposedly.
That's when I go to bed
Joining the 30 years war
Perhaps more out of necessity of the production, than of want of the people
I said “... without much concern for economic AND cultural factors” these two things are not mutually exclusive
Attacking Prussia in 1864
I know it sounds weird
I also doubt the rest of the EU cares about the England-Scotland border so you guys will probably get to do whatever you want.
* What you're doing there, Mr
The Greece Debt Crisis is fundamentally different, in that it is caused by structurally flawed financial management (which was covered up by the government), which means that structural economic management changes are what's needed
For a 15 day trip, I would suggest finding something like 3 cities you really want to visit.
Norwegian: 100%, no problem at all
For 1kr you can't really buy anything
It was changed in 1920 when we got North Slesvig (Sønderjylland) back
I've heard someone simplifying it more or less like this: A dialect with a region and an army is a language
As a Dane, I don't have any problem with the Swedish or Norwegian
Post brexit I'd wager
What it was, however, was one power in a world of competing powers
English
The danes are just vibing
Except Serbia, because they never experienced the reality of it
And we will have a hard time negotiating with bigger powers outside of Europe.
This is what makes /r/Europe funnier than other subs.
Also, if we are talking more "kid friendly" (though i watched both of those as a preteen), I'd add Valhal to the list
Every Christmas I get the same “WHAT
It’s so little annually and i do like going to the graveyard to visit my grandparents etc, so church tax
Slovenia
>Salmonellosis is the second most commonly reported gastrointestinal infection and an important cause
If they call that to save us, then no thank you.
(now we pay ~$0
I would liken it to isulating you house with asbestos: If you are uneducated about asbestos it seems like a pretty good idea, it's fireproof, cheap and a good insulator
Absolutely ludicrously overpriced, mediocre food/drinks in their restaurant/cafés, and overall bland collection of sea life
And 9 times out of 10 we're right
Wasn't he also partially eaten
> I know the Danes sometimes call us mountain monkeys, "fjeldaber"
Why can't they just leave the internet alone
Both Stockholm and Copenhagen are infamous for expensive housing markets.
According to "Danmarks Statistik" the total membership count for all unions (including managers, academics and unions outside the main organization) is 1,868,332 as of 31/12/2020
Having control of its own currency and public finances have been very good for Denmark after it adopted a earn before you spent policy after 1982.
Erik af Pommern was born in Darlowo  and was king of Denmark from 1396-1439
Nature here is boring, no dangerous animals, natural phenomenon or geography
Just trying to stir up drama for some cheap karma
AI is as biased as the humans who created it
You're right, gotta freshen up my history knowledge
Which is fair enough I guess, but still
For crime novels the "[Department Q] series by Jussi Adler-Olsen is quite popular, but for non-fiction I would recommend "[The ISIS Hostage] ("Ser du månen, Daniel") by Puk Damsgård
Why does it matter that he was democratically elected?
Currently, there’s almost a new case in the media every day about someone revealing that he or she has been the victim of sexual harassment
On some men long hair looks really nice
There is only one: THE land slide election of 1973
I'm looking forward to seeing our teams play
Sure, but that's not terribly relevant when discussing interactions with the Iranian government.
That still somewhat counts in Denmark, though not as an actual law but more of a strictly-followed etiquette
I can confirm jeg er en pølse works in danish too
He should try to mind his own fucking business.
8% of the votes for Paludan, than just under 50% for donald trump
Almost no other land animal has four legs, right
Personally, I think dual citizenship is alright so long as strict and rigorous requirements for naturalisation are maintained
On the other hand Mexico in particular stands out as some kind of violent wild west and extreme machoisms
Followed by three years of mumbling and two years of blowing up rail road tracks.
I've noticed Americans do it but iv'e never met Europeans who did.
Hungary - Ungarn
Our parliament had to vote for a law, which they were told was made on scientific background by the responsible authorities in "embedsværket". That turned out to be a complete lie
Danes are similar to Norwegians, and Serbians are similar to Bulgarians, but Bulgarians aren't similar to Norwegians
S - Svovl
Denmark is missing
Turkey - For obvious reasons I think.
You literally did not mention anything about the difference between the two - instead to ridiculed the idea that Nøkken might be wearing a suit by comparing it to saying Santa Claus might wear blue overalls - if you feel like what you did was compare the two yet say "both versions are still equally valid" I suggest rereading your messages and see how they might be read by someone, not in your mind
(ETA: I took [this] picture at the beach a couple of years ago
I joys me to to see what the out-fall of this small language-straight experiment stays, reaches I one-walk sheep over-put these words
Wait
Former colonies always joke about the rightful rulers
I’m a proud Great bunch of ladsian
What the fuck
That's a scary high number, why does Swedish tax payers put with this.
The Brits just happened to be particularly good at it, and now happen to be particularly self-loathing about that fact
They're descriptivist not prescriptivist mostly
We already do settle for that I believe, the uneducated migrants coming in are illegal immigrants.
I also respect their decisions to protect their border, even though, I don´t agree with Orban on many issues
Ah, so this is what “taking back control” looks like
You want citizens to have a strong connection to the country, and not simply become citizens for convenience or welfare
It’s barely even a ruin, but a bit there is
EU doesn't fucking make cola, ham, detergents or whatever.
All ways have to tell people that I'm not from Holland, I don't really know why people think Holland and Denmark is the same thing
The EU isn't a democratic entity;
Asking the youth is not necessary and kind of silly if you are thinking of people below the age of 18.
By starving the people in Ukraine
I do not have so little confidence in my political representatives or those of Germany or France to think that we might end up in a Chinese sphere of influence.
And the large cities (St
Nogen gange er man nødt til at nedfælde ord for at undgå at skulle til at ændre den
I think they mean Denmark is generally considered part of [Scandinavia
I'd frankly be thrilled to hear Goldman Sachs fucking off.
Langt-bort-istan was something I heard a lot growing up, it translates to far-away-istan
Also, your restaurant industries have been build so severs are relying on costumers' good-will in order to be able to make enough money to pay rent / eat the next day
Like 50% of the cashiers are 16 year olds themselves
FN and SD are alt-right parties, yes
Looks like they're for the street lights.
We might short-circuit and catch on fire
Came here to post this
It would definitly help if every little thing he does wasn't so damn stupid  I think news in general have a tendency to focus primarily on the negative, and right now there's definitly a lot of negatives in the US
Yes, Austria isn't rooted in Latin - it's a rendering of the Germanic word *Ostarrîchi* into Latin
In general, politics are less taboo in Europe than they are in the US.
I really like your point of view, i respect all the other answers but yours really made me think
I went to a Cinema while in Maryland and the small cup of Fanta I ordered was larger than the largest cup I’ve seen in Danish cinemas
The Swedes don't even want Skåne anymore
Not a loan, yours to keep
Important note: I live in NL and have a Dutch family
don’t worry, the Danes aren’t wild anymore, we won’t even speak to each other when getting out of our window seat on the bus
Stay mad republics
It's difficult to explain
Luxembourgish is also a slow read, but I understand most
He was later executed, but hey, that's what you get for flogging your employees
What's Belarus like
Men det gjorde de ikke
In some countries, a comma is used to denote a decimal point.
Is there a list of the companies involved, or just something remotely close to that
It is possible to pick a third foreign language in high school but a reform a decade ago has made it a bit harder to do so.
Drinking in Denmark usually starts around confirmation age, and gains frequency through the teenage years
It gets a bit more fuzzy when it comes to languages, though
If there is a decent democratic mandate, areas should be allowed to break away
Plus or minus a few thousand years isn't anything significant, and who knows, it might very well still take tens of thousands of years before Yellowstone is gonna erupt next
Normal tickets are about twice as expensive
Not the answer you're looking for, but *my* literal translation of Obergeschoss would be *over-bullet*, and I have no idea why it's called *Geschoss*
Cocio is great - the only trouble is that it seems to evaporate in a few seconds after you open a bottle
I think this is great
Does Sweden have a lot of abandonned building
>I believe it reproduces similar ideological lines as the American use
Yes, also relative to income
I *always* want a cup of hot chocolate with it!
It’s just almost exclusively other non-Danes
I mean,  tbf, that would probably happen whatever the case
For example if there's several people in one friend group with the same name
It's kind of awkward to do and I don't think I've ever seen it written prettily
Holland is a part of the Netherlands.
WRT Vikings, I was so distracted by the fact that every member of the same family had a different accent that I couldn't continue watching
Granted I still believe that small instances of corruption occur on a smaller scale here
Leaves a good impression
Some are positive, some are negative.
It's believed the majority of the Jutes emigrated to Britain by 500, as their lands in Jutland were exhausted
000
for me personally, it has to go to "Kackvogel" I don't remember where I leanred that
I don't think we have one of those tbh, I certainly can't think of anyone who's idolized to that degree
The lack of unions, like, no wonder your minimum wage hasn't gone up with inflation
Harald Bluetooth
It's not cool being the first to arrive
We also write compound words as one word ('bildør' for car door), but a lot of Danes have started splitting up the compound words in Danish, so they would say 'bil dør', which is wrong
That's a reason not to go to Sweden, here you can get all types of alcohol at every hour of the day
Im fairly certain that moss/mosse (norwegian/danish) translates to 'bog'
The liberal government abolished the national measure of poverty, _fattigdomsgrænsen_, in 2015, just two years after it was introduced, but _if_ it was still in place, we would have seen an increase of poverty in Denmark
Why should we
We don't live in the middle ages, and the middle east is both a different culture and different religion
Almost the entire country is "more developed" and then
Middag can mean both lunch and dinner in Danish
We do in some of the larger and more expensive ones
King of Norway-Denmark
You should go there
Privatøkonomi, personal finance, becomes private economy
Oldest flag in the world
What usually happens at that point is insane mod drama
Satan has risen from hell and is visiting us
It is the "trouble" with eastern Europe and tension between Russia and EU that Denmark tries to stay clear off.
He explained in very detail how it was
Crazy how nature do dat
No, not really
Where do you think there is the highest risk of death
Why ever visit another country?
I  thought Nøkken wears a suit
Russia: experiencing St
Denmark has nearly always had a civic understanding of what it means to be danish.
I like the country very, but I'm also very much into English football and British comedy like Black Adder.
Just wondering if I dare start booking for this summer - or if Europe will still be more or less closed
Maybe I will try it, I just hope it's more like Ayran than Cola Turks quality wise.
I think a classical example is when a scene is supposedly taking place in Denmark, they often are filming in another country because the actual Danish terrain is too boring or does not fit their idea of Denmark
Yes it is
How dare you
How can we justify spending money on building up Arctic infrastructure in Greenland, if Greenland might just declare independence in a few years
You had forest fires and what not
If you would thank your roof, would you say:
Other than that I would say Vejle or another town in the triangle-area
Fun fact: Last year (or the year before, if I don't remember correctly) there was a bit of a controversial law passed that stated that when you're attending the ceremony, which grants you danish citizenship, you have to shake hands with the attending public servant, who hands you the official declaration
Can't imagine eating either of them outside their "months".
There are some biotech companies with massive research budgets headquartered (and founded) here, and universities also have large biotech programs.
And gymnós means naked
Sommerfugl (Summer Bird) - Butterfly
Do you have any roman ruins near by
You can also buy a ticket for cash on the bus/train station, or via app
Yes
Him possibly deserving what he got doesn't make her less of a murderer.
The thing that can make any man cry
What about Turkey
Which was what was expected to happen as it mostly was instated to scare of refugees with how "brutal" we are.
One being Canada, and the other being South Korea
**From Danish to English, version 1 (every word translated directly, but not in a confusing way):**
This could be a cool place for an Assassin's Creed game
København: Capital, crazy night life, shopping, worlds second oldest amusement park in the world, (the worlds oldest is Bakken, 10 min
Yeah I don't even know why I wrote it like that, but it is corrected now :)
Damn, I guess I'll have to get a sticker if I'm going to Germany :D
I feel like university of southern Denmark is of lower tier and RUC is rock bottom
I think a lot of American networks sell a lot of digested news to our networks
But when will enough be enough
* A majority of parlament must vote in favor of the proposed change
A soda would be Faxe Kondi, which probably is the most popular here besides Coca Cola
Anschluss 2: Electric boogaloo
Every country has kind people, just as every country has rude people
Middle-out compression
I think most small countries average 3, while most big countries average 2, purely by gut feeling.
While they visited us, they kept yelling about nazis whenever we were outside unsupervised
That's how Scandinavia works
If we imagine that both countries could suddenly change their entire mentality, would be willing to work towards meeting the requirements etc.
Oh fuck I ended up mixing dialects and accents
Reminds me of the difference of how Norwegians and Danes google the Dano-Norwegian kingdom
Well, it's not like there don't exist alternatives to flying
I guess he was mad that he missed, and my friend did not
I heard, still some pretty ridiculous statements.
English is considered common and i have yet to see an adult, who cannot speak English, tho i have noticed a trend of older people speaking with a very British English accent, and younger people leaning more to American, wich is probably due to more exposure to American through the internet, German or French is a 50/50
Oh wow, I always thought that was Germany"
When did we brag about having the most free speech of any nation?
Sometimes their language even looks like broken Danish
It's kind of like Moscow
It was indeed a nice experience
If the show is Morally Infallible Protagonist vs
TBH I'm worried of what'll happen without her at the helm
If you subscribe to racist ideology, there is nothing wrong with the structure of the argument
We pull the trailer with a bog standard minivan with a 2
In Denmark I think it's completely different.
The euro as is will never work.
Italy
It's a survey, dosen't really tell you what the most reliable cars are.
No, we didn't have IKEAs where I used to live so I've never seen such a thing
I get disliking an industrial hellhole or a modern city that's 60% concrete housing-blocks and 40% parking-lots
God it must be tough being young in Sweden
Two of [these]
It was added as late as 1953, when Greenland was incorporated, and not when the Faroe Islands were incorporated in 1850
I don't see how
It's not unheard of
*sarcasm*
And can't we agree that Dutch is the worst
It's not a particularly nice thing to say, so it's mostly used by tabloids whenever there's something sport related about Norway
Apparently both flags started showing up somewhere in the 1200's so getting a precise date on either is going to be tricky unless you have a time machine handy
But reading is takes time
I think both Australia and New Zealand have pretty nice shapes
Three single guys will find plenty to like.
No, Ukraine isn't a member of EU or NATO, but do you think Putin is gonna care about Estonia being a member of those organizations if he thinks they won't respond to a Crimea-like invasion?
It seems maybe you think I am against what Macron is saying
Big mistake
stayed there every summer for a couple of years, cold as fuck in summer even but insanely beautiful, fishing there is amazing, took us about 5min to catch enough fish for dinner everyday, we even got a 45kg sei once
Newer knew why that particular name was chosen.
After birth every first time mother is invited to join a "mom group" and from what I understand talking about the pregnancy and its culmination is the major topic
Hence "Wir wollen unseren alten Kaiser Wilhelm wieder haben"
Two milliard three hundred five and half sixty million nine hundred four and half fourty thousand six hundred nine and fours
"Sende Bruno til svømning" = "Send Bruno to his swimming lessons". Bruno is a Danish boys name, very close in pronunciation to "brun" which is Danish for the color brown
I would be surprised by anyone from another country being taught anything about Danish history at all
Finnish people celebrating stuff is the best
We're not on the lads on tour/hen party/chav holiday circuit, so the British tourists here are some of the most well-behaved
It looks exactly like your property looks when you neglect to take care of it
Danish water reigns supreme
Do Albaniens like cheese
I looked it up, and thought it to be some sort of ham(because of schinke), and then I saw it was basically just a weird German way of saying "placintă".
They look pathetic
No arguments so attack ad personam
However what i meant was that when danes speak english they pronounce word in a way that only danes pronunce english, while it can be similar to other accents it just somehow screams “danish” to me
Do you guys still learn Danish at school
One of the things I enjoyed the most was figuring out how certain instruments worked
In my part of Denmark (the one closest to Sweden) it absolutely isn't, Sweden isn't viewed like that
The beauty of it is that they have no respect for Italian tradition, so if you can think of a pizza I guarantee it's on a menu somewhere
It's all Denmark
Take a cold turkish
It seems like we have stayed that way for a long time now
They are, with some knowledge of German I can almost read Dutch articles.
Also, Moldy dishes
Most buildings, most streets, most people etc
They’re not driven by racism, as is the media trying to claim
Think Kim Larsen or Erik Clausen for example or the examples this [language expert talks about]
Was my thought too, but its also difficult to blame people of his generation to suck at english
That bike lane seems really unsafe
Then there Skagen but that is mostly internal tourist from the rich areas of Copenhagen and is mostly happening in one week
I like how 3 is in a red zone
But the whole washing thing could also just be a myth
And then we'll just ignore the bigger stores such as Bilka, Føtex, kvickly or whatever
[Romania's own modern day Game of Thrones reenactors
It's not really popular, which is funny, because Denmark's sports scene is quite wide, with lots of different sports getting a good amount of attention
You simply can't cling onto a completely foreign culture, mentality, set of values, behaviors etc
I find it puzzling that you find these comparable?
The constant expansion of the university (which was established in  1928) has also means that the city has seen large scale growth for a very long time, unlike copenhagen which has even seen population decline at some periods
Send help
Complete and utter silence
And I agree abt the part with americanisation
(Except for the lovely otters)
It's even more impressive up close because of the insanely detailed masonry and general art-approach to the entire building
Right, thanks for reminding me.
UK in EU -> now wants to opt out
This guy's mental age can't have been much more than 14.
Red Cross wanted to help children that was already taken from their families because of bad conditions by sending them to a Danish foster care
One thing is having a flag outside, but you will occasionally see a video from an American classroom, and you'll *know* it's an American classroom because there's three separate flags in that *one room*.
The thought that Scandinavians are shy is a misconception, we’re very private people who like to mind our own business
I would say Aarhus
At 30
A reality show President straight out of the Movie idiocracy.
Probably true, but I mostly meant that we've pretty much discarded the old "no sex" and "no acting out towards the church"-thing that we had in the 50s with the church.
English folklore and myth is essentially forgotten today, because the new Norman elites had no interest in preserving it
What he and his team are saying about the EU isn't even on the top 10 list of reasons I'm worried about him.
As I recall, the money was split into three foundations, which made it hard to actually know how much the family had.
Mrs
In Denmark we have a modest culture so we see famous people as normal & respected humans as us
Laid back - sunshine reggae
It also affects  communal showers at private gyms/fitness centers and public swimming pools
(Edit: spelling)
I've been there on vacation and they're very nice people.
In the trains (s-tog) it's mostly teens, but adults sometimes also join in
Some family heirlooms, especially some wooden furniture and boxes that my deceased grandfather who was a very talented woodworker made
Take notes California Karens
mY cUrReNt WeAtHeR iS EvIdEnCe FoR/aGaInSt ClImAtE cHaNgE
Haha that was a good burn
**Annual tuition fees for full-degree students**
But it *is* consistent
The cheapest houses goes for around 3
The pic you sent looks exactly like the setup when I had it
The simply truth is that intolerance of intolerance is just plain intolerance, disguised with a veneer of rhetoric and purple prose
Very sarcastic (like everyone else's on this thread) and sometimes racist/sexist
This was when we were 14 or 15.
But not compared to the whole EU
I think I'm a bit lost at what you mean
Self defense against who, though?
We got snow in the Hague as well, but not nearly that much and what we had is pretty much gone now.
For me, living in Copenhagen, riding my bike for almost everything.
(Personal opinion)lack of initiation
But to be a little biased I think the Danish ones are beautiful in the simplistic way, with big bold letters and numbers
Oh thank god
Got some peacekeepers somewhere in the area?
Welcome to all of our new members, who've decided to join us this year
Vilnius is close to the top on my to go list
If there wasn't a demand, there wouldn't be a supply
Glædelig jul mods og allesammen ^_^
There's not a word for it
Besides these questionnaires are often done by phone, so it isn't the person who answers who put down their own answers but someone else
Learn English from about 6 years old in school, choose between German or French at age 11
Yes, we use "[Langbortistan] The name was invented in 1959 by Sonja Rindom, a Danish translator of Disney cartoons
Ludo, Uno and Matador
When I was little my siblings and I would sometimes ask for spaghetti with ketchup and a clump of butter mixed in
Compared to Norwegian and Danish, Dutch is very different.
Both DR ("our BBC") and TV2 tend to have one for children, and then there'll be some for older people/adults as well
But I don't wanna join
If I had to pick a sport that Denmark could dominate then it would probably be the ancient art of making fun of Sweden (though Norway could probably also compete there)
Carrying an ID is not required.
Same thing that happened to all the Orthodox that weren't all that keen on Islam.
which brand and model if I may ask
Another one is more slang but still very versatile “spurgt” directly translated meaning “asked” its just a way of saying “who asked
Sorry I tried looking through comic book forums trying to find out where the name Vakse Viggo comes from, but to no success.
Copenhagen is by far the most touristy area in Denmark, besides that, maybe the beaches (we got a lot of those)
Then comes the ['Others'] who don't feel represented by the various other groupings
The only tolls in Denmark are when you cross the Great Belt Bridge and crossing the Øresund to Sweden.
So, no
Did you get to hear your melody
Another of my ancestors was known as the "peasant tormentor" because he flogged a servant to death after catching him stealing
Similar problem in cities of course, but usually the speeds are lower
I rarely see people in Denmark with a waffle iron
I believe this [comic] best describes it
Bannlyst by Gåte
both kinds are amazing
90% of the international community I was there with have since left to other European countries or went home
In the last 20 or so odd years, liberal and social democratic governments alike, the tax-burden has been lightened for the richest, and spread to the broader population, dis-proportionally affecting those already weakest in society
I would say it's not until after we lost Norway, that we became "irrelevant"
We should have, as there still are too many retards around here
Also hares and foxes
Here, they're just not usually isolated into their own little sub-communities to the same extent.
EU/US-made is an acceptable replacement though.
30 - tredve
I can teach you something rather simple I learned here in the west
I love the fact that our king gave Norway a constitution before he gave Denmark one.
No Dane would ever construct cruel comments about our beloved Hens in the east
Danish newspapers are having a field day today
As soon as they begin to consider it, they get cold feet, so there you go.
Soon it'll be quiet
3rd most slaves of all Europeans, but they’re remembered for Lego
South Africa has a president who says almost the same, and he did it before Trump.
Beer Bowling
It's a political/social decision, not some kind of inevitable consequence of geography.
But of course then you wrote:
Netherlands, it's time to call in the favor for the the Scanian war
And I did make friends here
But with the expansion of wind-energy in the North Sea, Norway is going to export more hydro and import more wind
Likely why we had it so often
He says kaniggit though
Also the island called Lolland (yes lol-land) is know to be the place the society outcasts go to live because of extremely low housing prices and fairly boring nature
Leaving NATO is not a hugely controversial thing in France.
There's a slight difference between "banning" something, and simply not letting it be advertised in certain contexts.
It's a very acceptable thing here that teens have sex and drink - house parties are something you have with your parents knowledge, often around 16-18 before you are old enough for bars and clubs
The three part model of employers, employees (represented through Unions) and the government means that there is relatively little work-related conflict, as all laws pertaining to working conditions are discussed with unions and employee organisations beforehand
Not really something to look up to or use as a model though.
Central Copenhagen, so many peolpe going to tivoli, the H C Andersen statue ect
Have often had to stop and take photos when the light or the life there is particularly special
So perhaps it's an American family in camouflage?
5\*20+5)
Copenhagen and Aarhus are obvious choices, but I'm going with the new [Køge Nord Station] It looks stunning
Yet to say that Turks and Greeks are culturally similar is a vague statement at best
5 years waiting time is
What about **Plague Rats** then
Oh my, I had no idea
How
It was first in 1993 that it was completly abolished
Great idea
And we go to a tax haven
I have accidentally made it a habit
If you want to measure christianity then self-identification gets really sloppy
Although it's usually a bit warmer - so that you can get drenched in 1 degrees cold water which the wind sweeps straight into your bones
Five I think
Immigrants usually works more than native because few are kids/retired (which we are for almost half of our life)
EU is such a great thing, but those against it only pick those places that could be better instead of all the great things that EU does
That is simply not true, which memorial days
Yeah, [those are Swedish actually]
How did people survive before kebab
Just needed a little bit of honhonhon in there too, and - voila
I only lock the door when everyone is leaving the house, or at night when we go to sleep
Especially among younger people, it seems fairly popular to nickname people with longer names by the first two syllables in their names
We are very worried about the Swedish invasion
We build almost exclusively in brick.
I think that's a poor argument
My internet radio must be doing me a disservice.
People that have fled the violence who cross the border to the next country and then go and register in the refugee camp waiting to be assessed, put into the system and awaiting resettlement.
No one knows how to leave the euro.
I had no clue
I think the biggest effect of this will be an escalation of Russia's engagement in Syria, since the attack seems to have been conducted by a Syrian rebel/jihadist.
Such a good and fun idea you have gotten OP
The October dates will also blatantly fail
The British charm seems to be completely off on the political scene ATM.
* Røved (Røv means Ass)
If Greece is actually threatened we will all stand behind you guys.
Got sand in your butt crack you angry girl?
For being by farthe best European NATO ally, that actually wants to spend money on their defense
It certainly isn't like in the US where the abbreviations will be an answer to when asked where they are from
We obviously learn Danish
Colosseum
North Korea
We have dedicated bike lanes almost everywhere
I generally cheer for the smaller nations, and if one of them happens to be one of our brothers Norway, Finland or Iceland that's just even better
In German's case, all the dialects are considered one language despite often not even being mutually intelligible, for the sake of enforcing the narrative of German unity
The only thing that's stopping me from doing it in other European countries is that horrible chlorine taste in some places
Which not complaining, is a great way to minimize electricity waste
these days, david attenborough only narrates
We do that too
Well, that’s good
> However, effectively closing off the entire North and East Sea can't be good for the ecosystem
A multi-ethnic empire born through conquest, which resulted in the extinction of nearly every other language in Mediterranean Europe save Latin
We need Joey Barton as a box to box midfielder and captain ;-)
Same thing here
The copyright thing sucks hard, why does EU demand a 20 year extension of copyrights?
Corrupt judge is corrupt
Det var også det vi kom frem til i vores opgave da vi talte med undervisere
The intro has a cool violin build up, the flow is really good and the lyrics are so in your face with a lot of attitude, which I like
Sorry Norway, everybody kind of likes you, even if you are rebel scum :)
It's not a particularly nice thing to say, so it's mostly used by tabloids whenever there's something sport related about Norway
Lol
The Swedes don't even want Skåne anymore
german, french, swedish and norwegian
The companies claim that they are doing nothing outside of the law.
One of my friends posted this quiz on Facebook
That looks really good
But no May never had any real leverage
I would have thought a German would appreciate that :P
Those numbers include sick, maternity leave, early retirement, job training, parental leave and a bunch of other stuff.
Afaik they’re gassing the minks
So I imagine that Austrians and Swiz ppl are better at English
Kastellet, Langelinje, Amalienborg, the Marble Church, the view towards Holmen and so on are all great
a constant state of ethnic tension and conflict
While it is world class here for sure, our cities are still built around cars
I just wish that your politicians would stop tampering with the democratic institutions
BT is a tabloid
I think we have a lot of interesting stuff going on at all times, so it’s a fun little side-hobby
Something else may be at play
No man shall judge against the law which the king gives, and the land has adopted, but according to that law the land must be judged and governed
Like in english, it's almost silent but is pronounced like in "hello"
Go to the sidebar, and just below the community counters, there should be an option that says "Show my flair on this subreddit
That would be a win-win
So there’s that
hvad søren
I agree, this will probably not get better until the Brexit situation is resolved.
Kimse is a great word, up there with grat and makværk
Among the most notable was The Danish Language Council (Dansk Sprognævn) and the Environmental Protection Agency (miljøstyrelsen)
The open markets in Wuhan have 500 different species of live animals stacked on top of each other
i've got no idea what is stereotypical for danish people to do
There are no second wave as its just the virus moving from new york and through the rest of the country
Because the second sword isn't a katana.
That sounds so nice
"Radical Left" is pretty misleading, when you're not familiar with the particular historical meaning it has here
Update coming later today
Aldi is a standard discount market, although by Danish standards a shoddy one.
I imagine the food in Regnskoven is very expensive and not really worth it though, so it's good that they allow packed lunch
In the US, public transport is mostly for the poor, from what I know
The thing is, marijuana is really harmless compared to other drugs
Withholding welfare payments makes sense, since those payments requires the receiver (the parent) to be available and ready to take a job - which is impossible with small kids at home
[Found someone who quoted the provisions you need to use, you can probably find them somewhere]
Yes:
We were discussing some time ago if we should make pepper spray legal, if that gives you an idea
Yeah, it's him
**Spain**
Then slowly sailing home late at night with a sky full of stars and a bright moon to illuminate the way, and my girlfriend snuggling up to me
This ain't a YouTube comment section, get outta here with that shite
It’s actually kinda strange because most Danish schools don’t even have a canteen either, 90% bring lunch from home (and the rest goes out to buy kebab or whatever)
For Denmark, the only one I can really think of is Lars Mikkelsen, the brother of Mads Mikkelsen
The sooner we can nip that bug in the butt the better
When I see someone online be like "Oh I'm actually Danish", I like to respond with something in Danish and wait for their confused reply as to which language I just wrote in
The Euro Area (EU16): $26,143,340 million (9,8%)
Thanks for explaining
Just don't be pushy and have respect for the culture and generally everything
In a sense you could argue that it's the most "basic" way of speaking Danish I suppose
Det sådan man holder styr på dem
Doo it
Another very popular animated "film" is a short documentary called [The Tale of the Wonderful Potato] (1985)
Don't forget the first to discover electromagnetism in 1819, **H.C. Ørsted**. After DONG Energy changed their company name to Ørsted, I think everyone knows the name
A while back, we had a proposal to tell people that if there were more than 30% immigrants in an area, they couldn't live there.
So yeah, even if I was a 24 year old broshit; and my mate even moreso, we both still enjoyed the city and the country
He is kind of like the village idiot.
Thank you sweden fo- wait what
Thanks for the thorough explanation
We have watches with more computing power than Nasa did 50 years ago.
It is going the right way but still not to the scandinavian standard.
Sold the North Sea to Norway, which later became the biggest oil reservoir in Europe.
It's becomming fairly popular in [Denmark
In fact, it isn't even Old High German - it's Middle High German, in many ways more similar to modern German than PG
It is about influence, economics and inflated ego.
Saw the picture and immediately started to miss the summer
Obviously that isn't too far away though, so I was going to say maybe Japan next, although Denmark and Japan are probably just similar in a few ways
Depends heavily on which country (obviously).
[Great video on the subject here]
In Denmark we start way earlier .. not sure I should be proud of that
Same in English
Also in Vikings, at some point they are in Hedeby which apparently according to them lies in a frozen tundra
Fx Italy counted all Corona deaths, even if the patients had chronic  diseases or was ill beforehand with stuff like lung cancer
Greenland do want total independence, but they can't afford it.
It was actually a pretty damn fun party
The first picture in the Imgur gallery you linked [here] genuinely looks like an art cover for a dystopian game/book
A few people go around saying something wrong, like many other people in all the other subs do to as great a degree.
Jalousi and misundelse
Some months we spend 80% of the budget and some months we lack a few euros in the end
g og hele vejen gennem både min bachelor og kandidat kunne jeg bruge ham som støtte i begge fag
In my opinion law of Jante is actually mostly a good thing
tbf, giving Obama nobel peace price was a mistake, since he hasn't done anything noteworthy for peace, but has done the opposite.
Also, apparently his hobbies are:
[Are you sure about the first one
And navigate through the cannabis haze
Something weirder, is when a word suddenly 'loses meaning', where I cognitively am aware what it means but the word is just this random sounds and lettering
In Denmark, the lower social echelon of society takes a lot of resources and the top echelon pays a lot of taxes
Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, English, and Russian.
will be available only on smartphones and navigation boxes already fitted with Galileo-compatible microchips.
And raw physical power
Possibly :) didn’t invent that much, discovered a lot
Does giving a German name to non-german cities awaken your dormant cravings for Lebensraum?
We eat them about every day
* Glasses/contact lenses
Farm, Farm, Farm, Grassfield, Town, Farm Farm - Oh, there's a tiny forest - Farm, Farm
Currently, there’s almost a new case in the media every day about someone revealing that he or she has been the victim of sexual harassment
Gmaps should get a Nobel prize or something
I mean, if those are a compound word, then that *is* your word for nephews and nieces
If there was a new guy in the office he'd get a handshake though, just to introduce myself etc
This map desperately needs a legend
To be fair
It's a mixture of few areas in Europe being quite as hot as the southern US, and buildings typically being better insulated and probably also a slightly more frugal mindset (coupled with higher energy costs).
Just here to add
Thousand of people pass right by it every day
The Germans wanted to starve the brits, which required them to reduce or stop danish exports to Britain, while also maintaining their own danish imports.
*such is life*
we're not used to it
It comes from "Odins samt vi" which translates roughly into "Odin Together We" or "Odin's Shrine". Yes, it's also gibberish in Danish
Like bernaise-sauce and such?If it's that, then man, that's the best kind of pizza you'll ever get!
Perhaps i should experience russia some more
Don't go there with a MAGA cap, far right symbols in general or look Jewish
Taste is subjective if course
Every journalist here is pretty fluent in English and news about English-speaking countries is very easy to access from the source
Reason
They sit on what would now be prime real estate in Copenhagen but no houses there are “for sale” like regular housing
It just sounds like a Danish place name
The most known Danish song is probably 7 Years by Lukas Graham though
On bike you can also often make shortcuts that aren't available to cars.
Some Danish parents also chose to keep their kids at home, and forego the payments
) group
Most people who lives in the inner cities don't own trailers
All of the above, and all the other weird city names, are from The west part of Denmark called Jylland (Jutland)
To be fair, HTS had an economical crisis and a bad parliamentary situation where RV had to approve everything the government wanted to do.
2 mio
Cologne = Køln
Yeah, why bother memorising all these small countries, when Russia's gonna incorporate them all in 2022
Randers might have a bad rep, but it isn't really founded on any sort of truth
When I visited Amsterdam we stayed in IJburg
Couldn't they just enact it against them both at once then?
Story goes that if you close the window, Grev Gert will burn down the city in anger, since his spirit will be trapped and unable to go to heaven
* Croatia: Sending England home last year
Don't know if it counts but we have really heavy dialects that can be very hard if not almost impossible if you aren't from that part of the country
Yeah but it is a voluntary peg that resulted in low interests in Denmark when the eurozone had its last crisis
Did it come to Swedish from that time Charles XII was in exile
The first episode or two, with all the stuff about travelling to an unknown land, is just so stupid
It's the way we behave in a public space combined with our "bland" style of clothing and similar haircuts
The homes in cities are heated by pipes from big industries and local power plants.
So I guess it is produced in Germany
So we're stuck with either calling them confused "fake" socialists - or to acknowledge that the term socialist doesn't have the same meaning today as it did 50 years ago
We don’t talk about the third one though
We have conscription for men in Denmark too, but they need so few (ie the defense don’t get more money) that basically every conscript is a volunteer these days
This news paper is actually slightly right wing biased
no one really
A couple months later, I was speaking English so much that my friends made a rule saying I wasn't allowed to other than during English class
Nobody cares
But it wasn't crossing in from the Netherlands
Although there are politics that we disagree on, i thinks Sweden is quite a nice country
In the low income bracket, you pay maybe 30% (not sure on the exact numbers, but it should give you an idea)
I was agreeing with him :)
Also "at være græsk katolsk" / "to be Greek catholic". Meaning you don't care at all
We usually joke, that small kids trying to write Danish as we pronounce words, will often spell as a Norwegian
Maybe
Guess  (DK gem)
If you succeed in removing the nations and are left with regions, would internationalism then change meaning to the restoration of nations in your opinion
It's giving right-wing semifascists more to shout about.
Although it's an easy way to become popular if you ever ring it so I won't tell you to absolutely *never* do it
Alot will cite the law of Jante should you do it, and even more people will think of it
I grew up just south of the border, and my mother put all of us in the danish private schools
another thing is using taxis
It almost making me feel bad that I in Denmark currently earn more than 1200€ a month working a part time job 10-20 hrs
The average wage is still vastly higher than most of Eastern Europe:
But since casks can be troublesome, given that they have to be managed properly, as once the cask is tapped, the beer inside changes radically in the course of a few days, while a keg can last for a month easily, more breweries have shifted to kegging their beer
In Danish Christopher Robin is named Jakob
Super basic but as someone born in 2003, I'd like to experience the super early internet
Old and classic all the way
Personally, I sunbath topless if I notice other people are doing it as well, and I've never felt like it was weird or odd to do so
You'd only have a bit over 2 days per (EU) country, and you'd have to subtract travel time from it.
Which is my point
Example: The exodus of social democratic votes to national conservative populist parties
I don't see an axe in that picture
Hey now, we're very much familiar with mountains
They are not in the EU
Especially a few years back when girls +13 could get cervix cancer vaccinations, and there were a few cases of girls (of course not related to the vaccine shot) got very ill, seemingly after having gotten the vaccine
I'm trying to find such a point and it literally doesn't exist anywhere else
I was referring to his claim that "populism=covert racist", which isn't accurate
It's NOT an actual test though, it's more of a valuation by a doctor
Southern Germany/Austria
not the God you'd want to name your kid after
its crazy how many dialects there are just in my city(copenhagen) there alot of dialects that makes it possible to know which part of the city they are from
Then at 15:00, we watch Donald Duck.
([source in Danish]
Shhyyyyyyyy
Actually I just learned that Japan has the oldest monarchy and Denmark's is only second oldest
It is almost universal for all the germanic languages
And the guy at Na Parkánu was doing something similar
"HAS THE E.U. MOLESTED YOUR CHILDREN
If we believed the media, he’s an insane dictator and everyone hates him
I like visiting and experiencing different culture, different traditions, different foods etc.
Was pretty surpriced to find a whole floor of nazi memorabilia.
I really haven’t had any experiences with scammers, or beggars doing weird stuff, except for the homeless immigrants in Copenhagen
Whereas the old NY WTC buildings 1 and 2 were pure boxy international style modernism
Because if so, that just sounds like progressive urbanite prejudice, more than anything
**Denmark:** Norway's ex
Næstved it is
What is the reason for this
Sverige - Sweden
I get that this sub, mostly doesn't like Merkel, but most Europeans I've met (including myself) would take Merkel.
PART I
Because you don't need long range missiles to shoot across the Øresund.
We've more than doubled our number of members, from just around 35 000 users, to almost 80 000 users
It is on the complete opposite side of the world, but I feel their relaxed mentality and informal workplace attitude is just very similar to here in Denmark
Very common there
In Denmark, most people would just say the Danish word for "smile" which is quite serendipitous
Because danes are very much related in a cultural sense, a historic sense, and an ethnic sense.
If he was indeed a Chinese pawn, it would make a lot of sense to make it look like Russia, only to act later to make it clearly false.
Nordics scoring bad
One of the best dance music songs ever written
Currently moore people are retireing than entering the workforce, thus lower tax income, and it this won't change until the people born in 1980s retire.
In Denmark it's tradition to say "how the hell are we hiking on a mountian
And waiting time has been reduced in the public system in recent years.
After WWI the entente offered Denmark to revise the Danish-German border, however instead of just taking all of it back, the Danish government decided to let the people vote for which country they would belong to leading to the modern day border
I for one feel really happy and energetic whenever I wake up and there's a layer of snow outside!
But yeah, this is a fucking mess
A sailor was at sea when suddenly his ship sank,
Basically, you should be able to drink it straight from a cup if it weren't for the biscuits
How will millions of handguns and assault rifles help stop an ethnic cleansing?
No, for anyone who understands the complexity of the question.
Also France becoming another Thatcher country is way less exiting for an outsider.
They are one and the same thing if you assume (which I do) that corporations will always exploit loopholes.
Maybe they just dont follow the news
As I then found out, the woman in the next seat was not only also Danish, but her grandfather had been my English teacher in school
Has more useful features, better design, more customizability, better plugin API, smaller footprint, and I personally far prefer the dev tools
I have a faint suspicion I'll be buying a ~~jet engine~~ air cooler
I love it so much, perfect soup for a cold winter day
I grew up in Hornbæk, just on the edge of town, so we just always either ate at home, or at my grandparents' home since they lived in Dronningborg
&#x200B;
But honestly, I've given it some thought and it would be super cool if there was an international language that nobody spoke as a native language
I had a feeling this was the case
> Well we learn a bit about you here, but I think it's mostly due to the fact that our historys are kinda related
I don't understand why so called patriots would be against clearing out corruption.
Yeah, these years I feel like a lot of things start out with
Explain to me in detail how Trump's presidency would exclusively benefit nationalistic **white** Americans.
Yes
Don't step out on the bicycle paths
As I am blue scout myself, I know that we don't like being called green scouts, and vice versa
Jeg er trænet i guerilla krigsførelse, og jeg er den bedste snigskytte i hele Forsvaret
Well thanks for showing me the fine art of making an argument
So now the old Communist countries tend to become more religious, in part because it isn't suppressed anymore, and in part because it symbolizes freedom.
His comedies are still often played at lots of theaters around the country
I just hope it's soon over with.
[The US numbers are fake and inflated
* A majority of the newly elected parlament must vote in favor of the [exact same] proposed change
Far as I can tell we typically export wind energy to Germany as often as we import energy from them and generally rely more on importing energy from norway and Sweden when there's a lack of wind
So no, I don't get mocked for it
I've visited the petrified forest in Arizona, but that is very different from this
I think that all Universities here are seen as more or less equally prestigious
They were popular in Denmark too, at least back when kids stil read comics in the 80's and 90's.
>The term "no go zone" is not used by Swedish police or any other emergency services
Having witnessed a child birth I get that it can be too much of personal experience involving too much of your private parts to share with anyone, but it's clearly also a major event in life and an unusual ordeal to endure
No, I disagree
At least
This is the issue with social media, as it encourages this kind of behaviour
Fart : DK speed, EN flatulence (DK prut)
When you say "online degree", people often assume you're referring to some scammy online-only thing which just tries to prey on the gullible.
if you translate entire pages I would recommend the google translate addon for chrome; it makes things a lot easier
- Postal service here fucking sucks
Well then, I know what I'm looking for in Lübeck!
I myself is in a relationship with an expat and her main social circle is other expats, however there's a big community of internationals
Cum te crezi despre USR+?
Unlike /u/22dobbeltskudhul I see change as a possibility
EU: We have already discussed this in detail
" To "Yippie-Ki-Yay bror lort" which means (Yippie-Ki-Yay shit brother)
Their curve is currently worst
The most effective Swedish invasion of Denmark must the the fact that we have Postnord now
Wordfinal p/t/k is pronounced b/d/g. Wordfinal b/d/g is pronounced v(w)/ð/j.
Hence why the label is misleading and shouldn't be applied
There are a couple in Copenhagen too, but they are all regulated with traffic lights (with the exception of one that I can think of)
Mobile thieves, beggars and gypsies
I wish one day to be able to do it again
I avoid /r/all like the plague, but those themes get into so many unrelated subreddits as well: hobby subs full of "Look what I made for St
Folkekirken is the official state church of Denmark, but a lot of us would like to have the state and church separated.
(Er det ikke dem vi kalder for spandauer
On that rare occasion there is a possibility
Regarding the dialectal differences I’ll have to agree to some extent
Yea
Where i live, we even have an app where you can report stuff that needs maintenance
The EU as a whole does not have the power nor the will to close tax havens.
Many
[This is the Royal coat of arms, the on the picture is the Kingdom of Denmark]
Faerose and Icelandic is more special, if I were to read a news article I could probably understand the basic topic
I have to call/SMS/Mail them if I want to set another time, but I have a flexible schedule, so I just let them book whatever time they like
1938
Sort of the same, I learnt some of the MOST basic english when I started playing games, so when english rolled around to start in school, I was just going ahead of the class
Now now she's trying to connect with the people, so it can't be too fancy
I love it
Because they drive as fast as a bloody hawk can nose dive
Forsvarsministeriet which means "The Ministry of Defence".
Oh yea I know, been to both cities plenty of times.
grab a yellow vest and be somebody
Good thing too
>My dentist sends me an SMS when a year has passed, and generally I can call and get an appointment for the next week (this year it was a longer wait as Corona caused dentist offices to close for months)
LEGO and Legoland
* United Kingdom: France, Italy and United Kingdom are the three mainpillars of European culture, in my opinion
But the visibility is pretty much the worst, it really removed any chance for the driver to help you
The Irish-English animosity was not one of the questions, that arose though
To be fair he did say baltic nation farther down the comment line.
I know that he was a mayor before, but still we didn't choose him but we have to deal with him.
Yet Germany didn't start becoming an active threat to Denmark until after unification, which means that until the 19th century, our primary concern was always Sweden
edit: You don't consider Finland a part of northern Europe
Apparently one of the least corrupted countries if not the least corrupt overall, although corruption is rising and we wish there was less corruption, corruption has grown in recent years at long from what people tell me and listening to the news
Seems to me that the american fellow just got himself a regular good old-fashioned german
Brits, for example, have this haircut that I immediately associate with only them
The principles are the same, but yes the scope of EU has been extended, and pro EU campaigns have constantly tried to downplay what EU actually is, they did that already in 72, where my own country Denmark also became a member, to a large degree because we followed UK.
But an weekday trip price between the two biggest cities in Denmark with a stop in the third biggest is 30€. The trip takes 2h and 50m.
I'd argue that one of them will be injured and flee unless the other part really wants to kill them
Pure Evil Antagonist, of course they'll only be able to show racism in the antagonist, regardless of historical/cultural setting
>Lord Palmerston
insulting officials on social media
The reason Denmark lost Skåne Halland and Blekinge
It seems from this thread to be a general North-South divide, with a northwestern crescent of fresh-milk drinking countries (from the Baltics through Scandinavia to Ireland) while Germany can go both ways, with the south beyond tending towards UHT
Nice post - I'm sorry if I'm being pedantic, but we do have a larger predator than the fox, even if we don't count the wolves that have been coming back in the recent years
Might single out the occasional loony, but mostly we just want to fuck, swim, get drunk and play football with them, in my experience
Halleluja, it's a miracle
You need to stop talking so much with strangers if you want to be in the "Nordic" club
I have to carry some form of legitimate photo ID (usually a passport) which *will* be checked if I want to travel to other parts of my own country, so maybe not as smooth as most places
We all know you are suffering stockholm syndrom in skåne.
It's to typical of The Independent to write something so pathetic.
Although I recon Russia might have a word or two to say about getting a wee tad longer way to the atlantic for their fleets
/r/FairytaleasFuck
Genuinly curious
Until we actually know of such a goal, then it simply isn't terror.
Who cares lol
That's a very ambitious school and very popular
manner, to carry out a lawful arrest or to prevent the escape of a prisoner or a person
Also calling robbery is a bit much
This picture is going into some future corona picture compilations for sure
Oh yeah, Spain is sort of a special case, but I definitely don't see areas like Schleswig-Holstein or Hauts-de-France etc.
I also know it was a trend in the 60s and 70s to not have a studenterhue at all, especially amongst hippies and progressives, so likely it wasn't something you wore back them other than on graduation day
>Melting point	1811 K ​(1538 °C, ​2800 °F)
Abandoned and alone
There's also a town in Southern Jutland called Møgeltønder
- And as a result be forgiven our other transgressions.]
Just see the English influence on Danish over the last 70 years
Lol yeah guess so
A Chinese friend who doesn't speak German once explained to me how they use the phrase 一下 to soften their sentences: "It literally means 'one time' but we use it to make sentences more natural; it's very hard for non-Chinese to know when to use it
The word gets another ending instead
(Edit: not true
But thank you for telling me about this
The Nordics are more like minded in how we act and operates on a global scale.
I wouldn't even be surprised if he said this.
There are [many] , but they were mostly used before the metric system
So the useless commission is going to oversee this
Brexit was a racist and hateful decision and there's no reason to sugar-coat it.
Username checks out
I've been to the London Eye
It was litteraly just my shoes from confirmation that later after years tear became some outdoor working shoes
Interrail was popular before Shengen, more so I belive.
Aarhus
As the community continues to grow, the moderation team wants to thank every member, both old and new, for being here, and making the community what it is
I agree with everything, except the 'subtle' bit
As a comparison, society will help you if you're jobless, but it's a requirement that you're actively seeking employment
We also went to Brno on that same vacation
Rugbrød (proper dark rye bread) Used to hate being forced to eat it as a kid, now I long for it when I travel outside of the Nordics
Spanish, French, Russian, English, Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, German
Go for the journey, not the destination
But my point is that it's part of the design, and not because they can't dry their malts through other methods
I dunno if you had time to visit Aros and Den Gamle By while you were here, but they are both quite world class as well, although I'm not tha tmuch into art
There are only The major Lines there
If a bankier couldn't fulfill his obligations, the bench was broken
Interestingly I read a few hours ago that during the switch over period, they used to mix steel kegged nitrogen Guinness with a about a 1/3 from the old wooden cask, just to prove to people that there was no taste difference between the two
This comment aged badly
As something close to a confederalist (and light years from being a federalist) this actually sounds very good.
According to google
That the medicinal industry is out here trying to get all your money, and that they work with doctors who will tell you you’re sick, and prescribe meds instead of telling you to eat healthy
If we do, Hey /r/Norway
After reading the press announcement of the approval, I don't think it sounds that bad tbh
There's a stød in *København*?
I don't think it is a question of willingness to support the Italians to keep them in the Euro, it is more the ability.
It has been growing for over 200 years, some wealthy families have grown for even longer than that
Here, the government has come down much harder with restrictions etc
* Spain: Great football and a sexy language
If you don't have a flag pole then no, you don't see people standing by the road waving flags unless the Queen drives by
Norway has, essentially, free electricity from massive dams
Hygge, it can’t be translated directly but it means something along the lines of having a good time
Bold of you to assume there's even going to be any sort of human populace in 100 years ;)
We've only had the one we use so
Try having dinner at 5-6pm then
> Turkey is multiethnic to actually but you know why the country does not have intercommunal issues
Turkey should not become a EU member.
That's definitely true, but the argument is that soviet fucked up the implementation, the fact that countries that suffered from soviets economic system have a bad economy today doesn't really disprove that.
Europe doesn't have very clear borders, and Turkey is right there in that grey area.
Also, they won gold medals 15 out of 19 times, honestly it's more exciting to see who will win silver and bronze
I will never understand ananas (hah
I don't know
> People understimate how deadly knives are
Danmark, the Danish name
Han lyder også til at passe som en
Also, they are more progressive than we are, which is generally positive but can be negative at times
It isn't a big deal if a European tells us that our country sucks.
Since you'll be starting in Berlin, I'd suggest buying what you can home.
Guess he just fell a sleep somewhere
Later I had dinner at 17:30
Didn’t his mother work in house of the Jewish employer at the time of conception and that is the reason of this rumor
regrettably, in danish your country is just called Holland.
I dont think it's outrageous to believe that the Turks should have been allowed to speak, even if most disagree.
> Žižkov: The Republic of Žižkov", a bit rough, formerly proletarian (and proud of it) quarter, best pubs, but you have to dance between piles of dog shit to reach them
Yes it is, and sometimes spelled Nikolai
No matter what society you may inhabit, there’s bound to be at least a minuscule amount of corruption
I guess this is settled snow which has a density of 20-30% of normal water
Weird to leave Denmarks percentage out of this map since we have the most young alcohol drinkers pr capita IIRC
Most likely every single story from Hans Christian Andersen
Yeah, the Irish people should be *grateful* for everything the noble and wonderful British empire deigned to to for them.
Weapons
This is too true, I usually take the bus to school & just lift my bag on to my lap to get out
It's not too intimate to ask if you know the person and have a good reason to be curious
What did she expect
No Greenland
I know, they properly aren't fans of Merkel and her approach to the refugee crisis.
Reminds me of Diablo 2
Denmark
If you're covering wars and seeing the destruction, the suffering, people being unable to get help etc.
So the more trees, the less cultured a country is
it's being monitored for temperatures and such
Also being a small and somewhat homogeneous country, people tend to get narrowminded and complaining about the smallest issues
But you are correct, 100 DKK could get you one of the biggest menus at mcd
Denmark stands with France
Yes, some are historical, others are political/sensational
What the fuck
He says that visiting his family in Boznia & Herzegovina makes it a lot better, but he doesn't really feel at home here in Denmark
I'm unaware of school systems outside the Italian, German, Danish and UK, but all have around the same amount of compulsory education
I get so mad about it, finally we get some laws protecting our privacy, and people complain
He is notorious for just how insane he was
Our PM having her PR employee taking a pic 'for the gram'. So proud of her
Iceland declaring independence while we were under german occupation
District heating is great for energy efficiency.
that's just the sense i get, when i hear comments from the citizens, in the news, or they talk about a poll etc
Well, we are tied with Vendsyssel when it comes to being the statistically most likely place in the country to experience a white Christmas
Frank Jensen, Morten Østergaard and Mads Danielsen
My kids use Message for everything, including school groups
Actually neither, we reject consonants out of principle so the Danish word is "Dum", but here it's the English "Dumb", which we then tend to over pronounce because why else is that b there
The Moderators Want to Wish you all a Very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
Nations are an ideological construct as you said yourself, based on symbols and traditions
And the heart is all in shadows
Politics has become a parody of itself.
I can't think of anything only Scandinavians have to deal with
As I see it the Turks should be allowed to chose their own leaders.
Who did you get to deliver Post Nord
Germany be out here scouting for possible weak points, before their next move
I've never tried them, but they look kinda nasty when you just walk past the stairs
"Newspaper"
And Danish consumers who does not use Russian Gas pays some of the highest prices.
Different people may coexist peacefully, as long as both are allowed to practice their differences
The difference between a cloudy day and a sunny day for me is like going on and off antidepressant
Most *language* jokes are against us
French negotiation, and french argumentation is based on an INCREDIBLE amount of logic, based on a range of philosophical schools.
And unlike the others you guys didn't just pick on tribes using spears either.
You wrote earlier:
That is awesome
A jurist said that even though the law exists, laws against physical violence overrules it.
I guess you have never heard of Thyborøn?
There are some key point one can point to - the overall public and political acceptance of unions, the Kanslergade agreement (often considered the biggest reason for the Nordic Models emergence), the great success of pro-workers literature, progressive labour market policies, and even our situations in World War Two
Seriously fuck of with that statement, people are burned alive and you want to blaime the leader of a country that so far away and aren't responsible.
Meanwhile in Norway and Sweden 82 is 8 10 2
Then apply to become a member, i have never understood the unwillingness from Finland and Sweden to join our defensive alliance.
Absolutely not true
Is it about how loud one should be talking
Wether a The birkes is a pastry or bun
Examples like: "what fatter gør er altid det rigtige" ("what dad does is always right" though now said more as a joke), "en fjer bliver til fem høns" ("one feather becomes five hens") and "at rejse er at leve" ("to travel is to live"), comes to mind
I wish old people didn't get to vote for something that wont affect them
I thought that was funny because Furries are usually stereotyped as the members all being homosexuals (Not that i'm saying that's true)
"I mean it all used to be one country, so it can't be that bad"
could tell
Or big arse racist
Yeah
* Getting hospitalized because of too much alcohol - cut the entire shade off and look like an idiot
Sweden used to have more TV channels than we did back in the day, and I know a lot of people who grew up in those times watched those channels, so I'm assuming they simply understand Swedish better because they have had way more exposure to it
I'd say through a combination of clothes, hair and some facial features, I can often make an educated guess
> My guilt is proportionate with the quality of the wine let's say
The instrument in his hands is a [sextant] and it's used to messure the altitude of the sun or a star
We are not Socialist (neither is Bernie).
All four parties of the "right wing bloc" will loose too much if were going to have elections now.
If the weather is good, I'll just head out, and then call my parents to get me when I've walked towards 20kms in just a random direction
It's quite a large group of immigrants and personally a happy about them coming.
That sure as shit hasn't been possible for quite a while now
That's the reference for the echo
Why wouldn't Jeb be a winner
Or space reasons
It turned out that, contrary to the wishes of all the xenophobes, *the world did not end*.
Magrethe is a decent monarch, but there's far more entertainment value in Knugen.
And before that with ZPI insulin, meaning the actual inventions that allowed insulin to have a longer lasting effect, essentially their invention made insulin a viable treatment, where it previously was just a thing
What's with Finland and ":D"?
well, the syrians certainly are.
Russia has vast resources and it would be a boon if we cooperated more.
Imo that is still a poor argument
And the other are kinda far away
But checking out the street view makes it easier to know exactly where you're going, when you actually arrive.
She never played Pokemon GO, though.
Fear is a useful and rational response to something dangerous like this
Not sure if there is such a rule exactly
I wouldn’t correlate having a word for it with being more normalized
Yes some debates weren't really had during Communism, and religions were generally suppressed.
And that was the last anyone in Norway ever saw of the Norwegian oil fund.
I mean, some foreigners liked that so much it became their national dish(Bacalhau in Portugal)
Population is around the same size as well, but they of course have waaay cooler nature
Because I almost exclusively eat “Rugbrød” for lunch and I don’t think it’s common many other places
That seems about right, but where can you see this information
Europe
He said he would be good for US business right?
But i think if you asked 10 people on the day why, less than half would be able to tell you
I will literally use the English wikipedia for Danish things sometimes because the Danish one really sucks
I knew the "normal" deck was called French, so that kind of implies that there are other types of decks from other countries or regions
And then I've always found it kinda funny that Dizzy Mizz Lizzy was relatively popular in Japan as well
Flink (Danish) = nice
[Well
Well, most Europeans get terribly butthurt when Americans appropriate *our* culture by claiming that they're totes Swedish or Irish or whatever because their great-great-grandfather came from there.
Prismæssigt er en kradser billigere end fx en hotdog
Grammar + vocab = Pretty easy
I’ll do you better, THR
I’ve caught people in a few instances, but they’re instantly embarassed
The thing that can make any man cry
The University is still finalising fee levels for 2019
So effing cool
> you know, “drugs” could happen
In what way is Denmark portrayed in Ireland as anything other than a small country
We had 20% interest rates before pegging, and getting even close to that would completely kill the Danish economy, as well as ruin the private economies of hundreds of thousands of households because of how flexible interest rate loans work
Absolutely
For the the greatest sand castle in the galaxy
We didn't see free people till we held the Copenhagen talks, and by then freedom of expression was nothing but empty platitudes to us.
Haha what
Source
I mean if you have a mortgage and can't afford it, you have the option to sell ans rent, or sell and move somewhere cheaper...
“Cheap food” and “Denmark” doesn’t go together
To me it seems the more rural you go in France, the more casual people are with their wine
Parts of Vendsyssel had snow on Christmas Eve in 2018 (same as us
You can still see traces of the "to happen" meaning in English phrases such as "what became of him
Nah
[Fish and Chips - Tivoli]
Big picture, what do you think America is up to?
this song is actually amazing, and the lyrics are just so
What worked for me was not the many schemes of bending words in school
It's more surprising that dýna means mattress in Icelandic as the word is associated with dun (down)
empathy (or maybe I mean compassion
So France believes in global cooling
Hahahahaha, so true
It means countries like Denmark doesn't have to attempt to stand with a complete military as well.
But again it is way before Marx was even born.
I'd imagine (though I don't actually know) that Cypriots consume a lot more Greek media than the other way around which would make them more familiar with how you speak
In 2018 we had around 25 to 30 degrees with up to 2 months without rain
Well
I have had them for like 20 years now and they're still working great
i dont drink
I think yellow is correct, but the Copenhagen area should be red
Soon, soon
And something about the opposition to him.
Thanks
And being able to say "uncle, can you pass me the salt
I would properly say no to this
However the ads are mostly on YouTube so I don’t know about tv only Danes
Norway and Skåne are the two odd regions
this is what people should realise is the end result
Germany was forced to give up any claims in Eastern Prussia after an all-destroying war, and while there are always nationalist in all countries who wants historical territory back, most Germans I know of don't have the same desire to get back Eastern Prussia as they wanted the western part in the 30s.
Just a shame you can't find it here
[Lol, you have no idea
Yeah, the fire sale should never have happened.
The UK government has essentially been saying they could leave but retain all the benefits, like you could get a divorce and expect to keep fucking your former spouse
and often over Norway
You should visit the states museum of art it's very interesting if you are into art, another recommendation would be Ordrupgård a museum in suburbs of Copenhagen with very art, also it was built by Sara Hadith.
Would you rather we called you "lame lands"?
This is not a fine based on religious views.
Countries in the EU can veto alot of decisions, Denmark is often the “let’s rethink this shit guys
Actual neighbor friendships are more common in the countryside and small villages
Dane here, I've never heard anyone actually SAY the "hit". It's just "to fluer med eet smæk".
Furthermore the EU almost always either take the side of the business interests or the southern or eastern EU countries that have a lower standard than us
Incidentally my main gripe with /r/denmark.
We're baaaaack
which means a lot of the answers on /r/AskReddit etc
I live in Aarhus, grew up north of Copenhagen, and have family in Sønderjylland, and everyone I know from all three places uses these words frequently
Com'on guys
Just overall
Eks:
I like the spanish colonial architecture of California
So you need a NSFW but visiting Reddit is ok at work
What is that website called where you can find out what your MEP's voted on bills?
Soon, soon
Takk tak
If you got it, flaunt it, I guess
But we are just people trying to make it work without to many emotions ruining it
About 7 years ago
Japan and the EU are moving closer in a time where USA is actively trying to distance itself from everyone, which is fucking dangerous in the long run
It has that meaning in Danish
20° - 25° = topless
Cool
Edit: found another
About a year and a half later I felt confident enough in my English skills to watch youtube videos in English
Also, what do you think about "Du hast *ja doch* über den Präsidenten *wohl* gehört, oder
There is a big difference in how wide-spread it is
As a Dane, I have no idea what you mean that we think people from there are harder to understand
They joined a centre right party to form a centrist coalition as the junior member.
Then I started making it myself and now it’s S tier (gotta roast the almonds before chopping them up)
That's really interesting, and TIL, so thanks
I'd recommend that you let people know that you're practicing your Danish and that you'd like them to speak Danish to you *and* correct your mistakes.
I think in Denmark students used to wear them longer than they do now
That one
Just frivolous noise-making
But capital requirements for banks - Those are governed by the BCBS' Basel accords.
Not rude, but many people won't tell you if they ask
And that's what we call proper outreach
Crazy story
Normal tickets are about twice as expensive
You can get Irn Bru in like 2 shops over here
Sorry, I know I'm late to the party
No strong opinions about Danes, I see - we're just boring and uninteresting
us scandinavians see our flags a bit different than many other countries
I have those
When the Germans invaded Denmark during WWII, blasted through my grandfathers village at his 6th birthday
I'd love to /hear their reaction to the rifle getting stuck
Apart from one areal it's not normal.
It's the gravest of punishments, /r/danmag is love /r/danmag is life!
Signing into law that portraying Muhammad is illegal, is the only thing that will appease them
***Some*** Americans see people with wealth as more important than those with less
The only mistake of the Stockholm Bloodbath was that the Danish and Norwegian nobility should have been executed, too
The Danish Prime Minister, Lars Løkke Rasmussen, just postponed a state visit by the Turkisk prime minister Binali Yıldırım, because of Turkey's behavior towards The Netherlands.
Not just the borders themselves, but everything that makes it possible for societies to live together
We have to live up to expectations
Some were walking in clothes that i wouldn’t even be able to afford with a years wage
One can't deny the growth and influence that Asia will have in the future and you definitely can't deny the potential for Mandarin to be the lingua franca
The people from South Denmark, sønderjyder, are impossible to understand
(My sixth form was also attached to a primary, and when we started (me and a different German girl, who dropped the class after a month because she learned nothing new from it), we were called to a meeting with our history teachers who explained their subjects would mainly be a continuation of what the had taught the student when they went to primary, as most had been here since they started primary, that being WW2 and the UK royal families)
They just show what she said
So uh
That's not true, that's what Western press writes
Okay, to be perfectly honest, this was just something I saw in a [Vice Documentary]
No one really checks for age, but *legally* you're supposed to be carded when you do, and in that case your only option is to get a national ID card for 16-18 year olds.
Think that's the same here with "hurtig briller"
Joder is almost like Jøder in danish which means Jews
National identity makes no sense in the 21st century.
My parents had to sign some paperwork in order to let me go to ‘praktik’. Even the danish military offers praktik, but you need to be a minimum of 15 to attend
I'm not saying the natives shouldn't make an effort to be welcoming, I just think the majority of the burden is on the person moving to another country.
My dad heats his house in the winter with a fireplace
The UN's primary function is to be a place to speak, and the UN knows that the West can take it's criticism (and sometimes even adheres to it), but it also knows that if it criticizes certain other countries (Authoritarian regimes in the Middle East, Africa, Central Asia and South East Asia) they will just pull out of the UN.
No, I am super smart
But Bismarck is the guy that wanted to unify the German states into a country
We have a great saying for things, that won't fit: "Well, this fits about as good as the hair on a Swede".
And we drink a lot
I use mostly American terminology, since I have American relations from whom I learned them
Doesn’t he do it mostly in nørrebro
Europe didn't develop uniformly
I guess they thought they would have Russias support again, but because we were the agressors this time Russia understandably told us to piss off
In Denmark we do have legislation where old buildings are being classified in distinct categories regarding their historical significance.
The fact that he personally acquired Congo didn't change that
> As the Sultan; son of Muhammad; brother of the sun and moon; grandson and viceroy of God; ruler of the kingdoms of Macedonia, Babylon, Jerusalem, Upper and Lower Egypt; emperor of emperors; sovereign of sovereigns; extraordinary knight, never defeated; steadfast guardian of the tomb of Jesus Christ; trustee chosen by God Himself; the hope and comfort of Muslims; confounder and great defender of Christians — I command you, the Zaporogian Cossacks, to submit to me voluntarily and without any resistance, and to desist from troubling me with your attacks
Tell that to 3...they didn't get that memo
The Dutch are a more sober non-alcoholic and direct version of Danes
Slesvig wouldn’t do it for me
Afaik Svensken is an archaic term which means "The Swede" but is used to denote the entire population
What do you call it
The closest in English would be “eyern”
Haven't really thought about it
Does it matter
Based on some of things talked about regarding the show it sounded like it sometimes tried to just be provocative for the hell of it.
Ussually when there is fuss in denmark, farmers are clogging the freeways during rush hours and parking them outside the parlament
Kids aged 12-16 freaking sucks sometimes, but after that people do seem way more mature and open minded
more like since '01
Grand Theft Public Funds: Teleorman
Maybe
This is straight untrue
Taking my car is out of the question
Among a lot of young people it's cool, but for adults we just see them as being dumb
Like people saying that monarchs are only monarch, because their ancestors killed enough people, while in reality the three scandinavian royal families was elected into their position
What I found was an amazing international community where I got the best friends of my life
They have plans to open another 25 restaurants
There needs to be a referendum where 40% of all eligible to vote has to vote in favor of the change
So you're saying "come to the UK, even if we're going to throw you out, there's going to be some kind of grace period so you'll be able to stay *temporarily*.
In Denmark, koldskål is a yoghurt-thingy that’s popular to eat in the summer
I definitely wouldn't guess you were from any Mediterranean country though.
In Danish, Nøkken is a hairy manlike monster that lives in swamps and drags people into the water
you lucky bastard
We mostly get Germans with camping vans/trailers and Chinese who want to see HC Andersen stuff
I have to say at **no** point did /u/vokegaf justify child molestation.
The Brits and Danes were in Helmand which is/was the worst part of Afghanistan.
And I obviously respect people who are against it, but they shouldn't get a say about whether or not other people should get the option.
Not a good sign
>Victims of Stalinism and Nazism
Apparantly most other european countries are fatter
Nagasaki
Honestly the only one I can think of in Leslie Knope in Parks and Recs saying ["Denmark ødelægger alle"] which she honestly did pretty well
I don't know about that
The high salaries ain’t there for fun
They knew fucking well that England was there
I'd be pretty interested in checking them out
Just asking this question to legitimize Trump as a presidential is fucked up.
About 12-15 minutes on bike, mostly through a single central neighborhood in Copenhagen
As a Dane, I can only say ...
I will never forget the time i ordered a ‘medium’ soda and it was like 0,8 L
I went to boarding school in Sønderjylland with people from all over the country including Bornholm and never had a single problem, I noticed very few pronunciation differences
Damn
"We support global rules on data treatment". I wonder how many times he had to stop himself from laughing out loud
Visiting Hamburg a decade ago, I was surprised how many lederhosen I saw
Well, Denmark also worked willingly with the Nazis
The situation could escalate so it would not be possible/the best solution and then it would just abandon the policy.
However, most are dying out, as most people by now are just talking slight variations of standard danish
Furthermore, 900 people lost their homes and 304 were wounded (67 of which were children)
I don't know if any of the mods outside of CJ is even active (or if there are anyone else), and he said that he isn't part of the CSS team, if that's true there's noone to even do the flairs.
Vote for such stupid shit that people don't even *want* to be part of Europe
It has no awkward double meaning (like how “girlfriend” can be awkward for a lesbian couple and in German the word for male friend and boyfriend is the same), and it doesn’t sound childish
It's easier for everyone concerned
Anyways, it has been a wild journey to make this
until very recently, i honestly thought it was a tropical island near spain and portugal
I actually think it was coined by a Donald duck translator
Yeah - isn't it wonderful to see the voters represented /proportionally/?
Personally, I think it would be pretty cool to just split the island down the middle
I have not written those, where one letter is different eg
A shirt has one Collar(c) and two Sleeves(s) and both are necessary
I think "simply" is the wrong word
Cape Town = Kapstaden
It's been a long time since we've had snow in December
Second, Region Zealand does have low labour market participation compared to the rest of Denmark
Cannabis is more likely to permanently damage you cognitive abilities than either of those two others
Funnily enough, if the polls are to be trusted (which to be fair, they might not be), there is already a very large support for the idea.
So while we don't have a lot of the usual corruption seen elsewhere in the world, we do have quite a bit of "hidden" corruption
I’ve watched so much SKAM that I have a decent understanding of both, though
I don't know how to translate it to English, but for a couple of generations ago, you had to have permission to address people directly, and if you didn't have that permission, you would be politely but sternly told that you weren't that close, and to keep a social distance
If she was running against Sarkozy, for example, many leftist voters would simply stay at home.
However, then I remember it’s because the rest of Scandinavia hasn’t produced any original humor for a couple of decades, so I forgive them
But still less likely that to fatally shooting someone
Especially not small kiosks
We have one of the strongest local archaeological traditions in the world, and it really shows
You literally cannot talk to someone from another Scandinavian country without them doing the potato or kamelåså joke at least once
Overwhelming and informative at the same time
I mean, yeah
very low rate here, lowest in the whole country
Most germans I see at conferences work at Max Planck Institute for Informatics
Just to add a bit of extra confusion into the base 20 system everybody knows and loves :-)
EU: eh, wait a second
I suppose the parents allow them to go because "everybody else's doing it", but then again, at least some of them are 18 years old.
Nytorv
Why would anyone assume that that particular Christmas market was a target more than any other public space with a lot of people?
Denmark similarly fucking hates it when we’re described as socialist
I envy your gun laws
And even if some weird job has a height requirements they're unlikely to "report" it to the state.
Just ask them
Again, which millionaires are moving to Lithuania
NOT COOL
But the story was De Danske Pigerspejdere merged with the boys in the 70s, and only a few select pure girl groups (no matter the age group) existed since then, and by the time I started our group was the last group left
I agree that the state media propaganda has an influence, especially on older people that aren't comfortable with using computers.
WTF
Don't act like you're building my point, seems you presented a counter what with me saying specifically not to blame the youth and then you go ahead and blame the youth so at least own up to that.
Yes, but almost anything would be a better use of time than this.
If you just want a phone with good specs, you don't buy an iphone, you buy a samsung
I think that's a weird claim to be honest.
>Acts committed in self-defence are not punishable if they were necessary to resist or
So, is everything in your original story false
I know very little about Australia, ive always had this idea in my mind that they were like the US or something, how come they're always on top in the HDI index'?
It´s just really hard to learn :(
The thing is build to be a playground, it invites you to jump around on it.
Mange hilsener
And also, this explains something
Really
those are some ugly ass kids
My brother-in-law and his family lived in Toronto for 6 months a couple of years back and enjoyed it very much
Well, if we include the whole Kingdom of Denmark, there is Gunnbjørn Fjeld in Greenland
That's funny, we also have that one in Danish: *Hønemor
>Once the war ended, they were called back to Vaduz, Liechtenstein's capital
Also: Take a break to enjoy the daylight when/if it's there
Half a bolt in a hardware store or half a chewing gum (singular) in a gas station
When was this
in most towns, people here in Denmark have "fjernvarme" - which is basically heat transfered from a heating plant, through water (in pipes)
Old and classic all the way
Some of us find that accent endearing and even quite sexy
It changes your values and perception of power.
The currently worn shoes/boots are usually on a mat besides the door, while the rest of the family "collection" is in a nearby closet.
I have a different definition of freedom of religion.
Being topless at the beach in summer when you’re trying to get a tan =/= naked 24/7
I visited a German high school last year, and they were still discussing whether to install WiFi
If I may give a few recommendations about places that's currently not experiencing an overdensity like the HRE is:
I absolutely hate when people say this
The EU have given May leeway in negotiations, because they had a good relationship
Yeah, part of the reason I follow THFC is because of Christian Eriksen.
i dont think i could name more than a few countries outside of Europe that i'd actually consider living in
We don't write them down but Danish is kind of infamous for how different the spoken language is to the written one.
That stuff looks rank when you throw it up
If we want a good EU we better put the same effort in it
It has 3 layers each containing an item
* Cost of living is through the roof, with rents continuing to rise, effectively gentrifying the largerst cities, which is where there is acces to education and high-paying jobs, further dividing the centres and peripheries of the country
Fingerspitzgegühl, scheize, zugzwang, spitzenkandidat
Ristede løg
If we continue to grow by this rate, we'll hit 100 000 in no time
I just wanted to clear up misconceptions for our readers
"Nakker" in this context means "necks" often referring to the back part of the neck
I've come to accept that defending one's property is just as important as defending one's life
If you don't go to high school but aim for a vocational career you do one extra year of folkeskolen where you continue with your chosen languages.
In Denmark I’d say the norm is to travel to another European country 1-2 a year, with 4 not being uncommon
Maybe no one wants to pay for something they would never watch.
Very different type of music, but fun fact: once in a blue moon a dutch artist will have a hit or two in Denmark with songs in Dutch
I'm kind of bicurious about switching to vegetarianism/veganism.
1807 ya meanies
The only way Greenland, for instance, would be able to sustain its economy, is by massively doubling down on natural gas and oil, which is obviously not the way we want to head
And then there's the hold legitimizing of an otherwised sanctioned Putin and Russia
In Denmark, a land slide election is not a general term for a big change or a large victory at an election
If Danish military forces planted a bomb that killed General [Richard D. Clarke] or another US military leader, or for that matter any US citizen, would you not also consider that an illegal act of war
Roughly the same as "båtnakker", "vatnisser" or "skidesprællere".
Yes Varde Artillery museum is the place
Right now Poland and Hungary uses EU subsidies to bribe voters
It's a beautiful song, but sadly was very popular with neo groups soon after it was published
The hypothetical German version would be something like "Doneralb"
Alors on Dance
Maybe get a separate room for 1 day or 2 so you can get quality sleep.
Since the article did not include Denmark here is a Danish article claiming 20000 jobs could be had for workers with the right qualifications in Denmark.
Weird language
It makes sense, but it’s weird, right
Never talk to anyone
Looks like some sort of manapool for an elf deck in magic card
I envy you guys T_T
I didn't read the question correctly
In the end of the semester, a chinese exchange student in my uni class said she thought it was so nice that people biking would wave to people across when approaching an intersection
I've always only ever known the German afterski songs
You guys have pepernoten too
That means it's not pedophilia.
No-practicing lutheran culture-christians who doesn't really believe in a god and only go to church for baptisms, marriages and funerals, and maybe once around christmas: Standard Danes
I went there once for the novelty, and then again because the kids wanted to try it too
(One lunch I had from a Pastizzeria:  Pasta and veggies in a creamy sauce with a dash of cinnamon, covered with a lid of pastry)
Hell, if that happens, Greenland will inevitably fall under the influence of one of the superpowers, meaning that all our investments might fall into the hands of a rival
Technically It'd be the spanish 'olé' but with danish letters
Well our healthcare is generally fine - but only if they’re able to figure out what’s actually wrong, then the care and economic support you get is decent (cancer for instance)
Poland has great food
It's tiny far from impressive
I mean, it not like consoles are cheap here either, and if you still need a PC for school, work or whatever you might as well just pool the console money and the school/work PC money and get a good PC instead.
You need 5/6 (150/179) seats in the parliament to do that or a simply majority in a referendum.
All I ever knew of her was that she yelled at me when I ran in the hallways or jumped in the bed
If it was to antagonize the west, that would be like them taking poison, hoping their rotting corpse would annoy us.
And if you're going to do laundry *anyway*, then you only need to bring enough clothes for, say, a week or so.
You also have sparsely populated places in Europe where the police can take a long time to get there
Out of curiousity: How can one "oppose" globalisation?
I think NHS is pretty 1:1 with the system we have here - even down to the fact that it doesn't cover dental
When Scotland offers students from Denmark (or whatever similar country out there
There’s plenty of high skilled workers fleeing the country because of jobs disappearing
The slightest tremor can destroy us
Yes, it's difficult to hit at range
But hey, it goes against the trite "kamelåså" joke, so eh
What amazes me is how well made they are.
Denmark has declared bankrupcy
The following report is in Danish, but page 89-101 contains a comparison of Denmark, Sweden and Norway.
**YET**
It developed from Saxon which is Ingvaeonic/North Sea Germanic unlike German which comes from Irmionic/Elbe Germanic
I feel like the weather has forgotten that the nordic and baltic countries are a part of europe
I would imagine
they are just being honest in their intentions
all for all of the top, except the Dutch
Danish, swedish and Norwegian = Tak (spelling may differ)
It's just another consonant sound to them.
, "I haven't heard of anything recent that would change my view on country1 one way or the other".
Lyder som svensk propaganda
From Kangerlussuaq, you can go to any other towns in Greenland on smaller planes.
But it isn't two words in Swedish
Edit: Just looked through my blocked call - last one I received was actually yesterday (so on a Sunday) :/
> , great piece of 80s New Wave
000kr of those to just rent (more if you want anything above 50m2), leaving you with 9500kr to pay utilities, food, insurance, transport, A-kasse, Fagforening, internet, phone, license and so on
These are american mink
For a long time, I wasn't really able to tell the difference between Norwegian and Swedish
To me it sounds vaguely German
You're usually either allowed to bring all your notes and references to tests and examns, or you're not allowed to bring anything other than writing tools
H'yes
Turkish guys who own pizzerias and sell Kebabs
> In 2013, there were 73,505 nonfatal firearm injuries (23
In 2032 they become free to use for all
Well, a lot of us do hate Norwegia
And a lot of 20-30 year olds are starting to worship again despite their parents or grandparents not being religious in the slightest.
They speak something that is not easily understandable by people speaking modern, common Danish
All was really calm and seemed normal
In Danish, we just spell it with one s so they are right on the money
Not generally no
And Swedish: frukost (means breakfast) and Danish frokost (means lunch)
Also beautiful houses of those who profitted from this can be found around the city
He was no defender of anything
\-The Netherlands will be a water level
Those damn north Jutlanders infected with Mink
It's basically our No
What's that on her head
Svenskerhår.
BUT there is serious side effects if your brain hasn't developed fully yet, like reduced inteligence, so minors should NOT smoke and/or ingest marijuana
The first challenge of my lessons will always be getting my students to pronounce my name correctly (especially because they'll have seen it written on their schedule before starting, so most will assume it's pronounce like most languages would)
Two different ambassadors have not attended the reception at the Danish parliament.
Using the government to make things like regulations, so it becomes impossible or way harder for competitors to join the market.
I wasn't actually aware you could that
Copenhagen always sees a lot of development
Eurotunnel reserves the right to obtain from you payment in full for all sums so arising.
Christian sellouts ;-)
Like, _Ode to Joy_ is more just pan-European, while the other is
I usually have the opposite problem with Germans, in that they always expect you to speak their language
So now you are saying it is NOT a pact with Russia?
But I guess just like a thief thinks everyone steals, so do a Xenophobe think everyone else is a xenophobe
He invited himself publicly with very short notice
I have visited most, and while there aren't any that I wouldn't visit, some of those that I haven't yet visited seem far out into the future considering the other countries that I also want to visit
Bread, cake, beer, internet and heat
Barsebäck was surströmming all along
However, if you allow me to include Sweden and Norway then there are quite a few giveaways
We have at least 7 blades of grass you dehydrated cabbage
United we stand together
The rats with wings that live in cities and shit on sculptures are pigeons indeed (feral domestic pigeons which are descended from rock pigeons if we have to get technical), but there are hundreds of other species like the ones I mentioned, and I can't make sense of why some are "doves" and some are "pigeons". Turtle doves aren't white for example
After a while they started speaking Danish
If you don't go, and don't drink, people are going to think that you're weird
Are you a member of the KKK?...
In Spain though, this would be a tremendous waste of electricity
"Crap, so this really IS the lay of the land now!
I asked what rest Europe felt about America.
The coasts are nice tho
Honourable mention: Scooter
Rasmus Paludan, obviously
Some radio channels have this "request a song" thing though, so anything can come up there pretty much.
I identify with my region, the my country, then Scandinavia, and THEN European
Yes
In handwriting I write cursive, so I guess it's more like
Its ok buddy, we know you have to say stuff like that.
If music is playing, stay away
There is a reason you have never heard anyone say Swedish was nice sounding :P
Ethundredeenogfyrresindstyvende
This community is booming
We should recognise each other as peers (if we happen to be so), and recognise that we may not share interests with those of the other classes, even if we share 'nations'. As of right now, I feel I have more in common with another working class individual from Bologna or Bangkok, than with a director from Gentofte
lol I don't sit here carefully sipping it and making sure to enjoy every sip.
According to DMI, Odense had records of 2,5cm of snow in 2019, 11cm in 2018, 4cm in 2017 so your friends memory seems to be not so great haha
I think the majority of people would have voted for "smørrebrød" (black bread with topping like: pork, ham, sasauge and leverpostej (a kind of pâté))
that sounds unfortunate
In eg
En by der er blød som en krop "
So, yeah, the Scandinavian languages are pretty intelligible, but it requires some practice, which not everybody has
Luckily only 1 died but that was only thanks to a quick response of evacuating over 2000 people
pity-beer is also an option
Maybe some historians have an opinion about him, but most Danes would not
I assume the administration is being paid generously
Does angstschreeuw mean anxiety scream
I don’t even know the full version of my own national anthem, do you expect me to know others as well
(This is done to share the economical burden of receiving refugees equally between all municipalities)
You forgot _stød_ which most dialects have but is pretty Danish
Most honorable Interpreti Brexittus
Nowhere in Europe has unspoilt wilderness
Then you mentioned mixing beer with coke and the outrage was palpable.
So what year does it say, you can attach a picture if you are not sure.
Udlængsel :)
Livet er dejligt
If the bookmakers knew nothing about the specifics of their bets, then it would be hugely profitable to bet against them, and the betting itself would serve as a feedback signal to the bookmaker.
I have a Rejsekort (literally "travel card", which I hold up against a chip reader when I board or exit a train or bus
We are THE titan in the shipping industry
The argument was that it is part of being "danish" to shake hands, regardless of your background or believes
Well, many beers outside of heavy gravity stuff like doppelbock, barleywine and imperial stout usually gets stale about 3/4ths through
Also what I like to call the "ceasar hair" also seems more common in the UK than I've seen anywhere else
Word base is whatever enters prior to the meeting and what was prepared for what it is about.
I second this
Do people from your country joke about reconquering a part of another
I mean just look at personal unions within my own country: Denmark-England, The Kalmar Union, Denmark-Norway, Denmark-Schleswig, Denmark-Holstein, Denmark-Saxe Lauenburg, Denmark-Iceland etc
We don't own Greenland, they're an equal member of rigsfællesskabet along with the Faroe Islands
A cashier at a supermarket can earn 3
Anecdotal I know, but both my big sister and little sister put their babies to sleep outside, and neither is an outdoorsy type at all
Not at all hating on the US in general, but your system needs a serious overhaul
Town of 3000 in population
Also, have you considered Finnish, Hungarian, or literally any of the Slavic languages with 5-8 cases
Dane Axes specifically, for a proper Viking-fight
They could call the new tent city Malmö 2.0 and solve their problems they created - on their own land!
If you wanna get more points, then get some better songs
One of those two are significantly better than the other
You have nothing to do with them, yet your rhetoric towards them does not sound very live-and-let-live at all
First of all, I was just pointing out that I think the first comment was talking about climate change rather than fuel shortage
Also, saw a 'fiend' at a cross and went the other way to avoid small talk
Exactly
Sprinkles
If everyone who worked on your iPhone was to be paid a wage that's similar to a skilled factory worker in the USA, the price would only rise by 20 %. That's because part of it is already produced by skilled, high-paid workers in Sout Korea, and only some parts of the assembly is done in places like China
Nobody cares
data is beautiful
But that is also a old generation, that lived closer to the time, when the Hungarians were in charge
Most of the cities are old trading/fishing cities
Also, "kerfufle". Holy shit man, where'd you even find that word
The goal is to be at 20-25% by 2100 (Raising forests takes time
Therefore it gets harder to acknowledge the beautifulness of a city, because you are basically never there
It'll die from a lack of funds either way.
Do you buy the house but rent the plot, or do you own the plot as well
It would've been very common when most countries were still considered monarchies I think
That is what Denmark can win
Luckily learn we english in a very early age in Denmark, so this here should not be very hard
Certainly a more nuanced one
I was thinking maybe the adder as well - though only 7 people have died from it since 1900, around 400 do get bitten every year and 70 of those have to stay at hospital for treatment
The internet has taught me that there at least 10 letters in a welsh word.
They stayed with us for a week, and then we stayed with them for a week
There are stories though, of people living in the woods, but they will never be able to have full privacy
Class conflict is a process, and as such it's also possible to reignite progressive change
Eventually sugar and salmiak was added, and it has been a popular form of candy since then.
Those of you who've been here for many years, and those who joined just now
The question is more about the increase of snus in Denmark
Well, that's not true in the short term.
Dont worry, I think most Danes and Norwegians definitely think of you that way as well
I don't think we have one of those tbh, I certainly can't think of anyone who's idolized to that degree
It's the same delusional "s/he can't win, because...," just in another package.
No, because English is pretty close to Danish
By balanced I mean that both the center left and the center right should be represented, i have commented there for over 2 years and it has slowly turned from a quite left wing sub to a fairly balanced one.
Four years of doing nothing would quite possibly put us past the point of no return.
Malmö is pretty shitty, not only because of immigrants but wierd that you haven't noticed.
I live in an apartment building that can hold two households.
You are cute when you are excited
Oh no, I think you hit rock bottom in 2016
Danish churches are state-run so the laws for those dictate what the churches can do
Love enough to share some oil
About a decade later we had one of the strongest economies in Europe.
First all over the face, then it continued to slide down along my stomach, and then down my legs and feet
There was a map posted not that long ago showing which European countries mentions other nations in their national anthem:
Here, when people say "socialist", they mean "socialist".
Christian I (1448-1481) was also foreign-born
One of my favourite restaurants in Copenhagen is a galette restaurant
This has nothing to do with propaganda
It has the exact same difficulty as counting in German
Det er godt
Yeah you're right, I think I'm using too much danglish in my every day life
2500 = two thousand five hundred = to tusinde fem hundrede
I did find it hilarious how he has been declared a "persona non grata" in Romania and apparently insisted when he was elected to parliament to wear the uniform of the Hungarian Guard.
Either they are clueless or they are deliberately making things up.
You're trying so hard to set up a false binary, which I talked about, where any opposition or critique of antifacism must mean that I support neo-nazis, as if that is only two paths available
Some things like having a significant amount of EU customers would suffice as proof of being under GDPR
Today they have something like 24% of the votes being the second largest party.
Odense: Hans Christian Andersen
I’m impressed if someone knows one word of Danish
Well it is the daily mail
rank citizens, and everything was dictated from Denmark and they had little to no say in it
Personally I never thought of it as algebra until I went to uni
Funen (Fyn) and Zealand (Sjælland) don't have the same dialect either.
For mig er du ikke andet end bare endnu en skydeskive
Check
Oh come on, this is not their "way to cope with death".
", he said "We'll use it for [klejner] a disgusting fat-based christmas cookie
That being said, all of these are stereotypes and loads of people from these countries don't look like that
And again, when it's not approached as a sport, people typically won't sprint as if their life depended on it, which also helps.
We celebrate Christmas on the evening of the 24th of December (Give gifts, dance around the tree, eat chicken or what have you, etc.) and then do nothing special on the 25th.
Malta IS on this map, just moved to not be cut off
25% of the Latvian population is Russians and speak Russian
Their Gripens have no chance
Love enough to share some oil
I buy men's pyjama bottoms from H&M since they have even shitty pockets
5km mile
"Oops"
Haven't heard of a single french tourist that didn't go ti Christiania
I think NHS is pretty 1:1 with the system we have here - even down to the fact that it doesn't cover dental
Unfortunately he could not help us, it was a Sunday and no trains
In Denmark I’d say the norm is to travel to another European country 1-2 a year, with 4 not being uncommon
This gave way to a rampage of sexual harassment accusations from journalists and politicians especially, essentially revealing/shedding light on the rotten culture and structural issues that “allow” powerful men to abuse their position to harass mostly younger female colleagues
Can Estonia into Nordic
When I made my original reddit account in 2018, it was a parody of kage, the long dead cookie clicker and the postal code at the end as litteraly everyone had it in their gamer tags for some reason
Certainly not by any conventional definition of Socialist.
000 kr (2019) which is the equivalent of 41
[Fyn] (Funen in English)
The U.K already had far too many special exceptions and favorable advantages over other E.U members.
It’s just dough based on flour and butter, boiled in small chunks
Of course, the *sane* thing to do would be to gradually (but quickly) reduce our emissions over the next four years.
I believe even through referendums it's very difficult for unification of two nations these days
I’m disappointed that the Kobold isn’t a tiny dragon person :(
That's why it's a bullshit neoliberalist argument to begin with
Cus they assumed Denmark would be allowed to make Slesvig part of Denmark, so when we weren't, they had to change it
That is a pitty
In Denmark I have never been offered a doggybag, except at one Thai restaurant
My point is that it would actively help minorities integrate into danish society, which would be a win-win situation for both parties.
Bikes, Super flat country, Tall and blonde, Chocolate on bread, Windmills, Vaguely potato sounding accent when talking English
Agreed
It had a warning and everything
[like this]
And that is also why Nordic countries implement ways to regulate peoples health
It's much the same as in [US] I'd imagine, as long as you don't directly incite to violence (and even so I'd think it had to something at least slightly credible, so someone saying I wish the whole world would burn, probably wouldn't get any attention) you can say whatever.
There are also several places in the part of Sweden closest to Russia that have names evidently deriving from *Rus* (or vice versa)
*Cries in danish*
There is also a private association, which helps you reimburse different things, if you are a member:
When people from the US mention staying out until 6 am like it's a wild and crazy thing to do, I always chuckle a little
First one after brexit
Lol yeah that's true, subtitles always seemed much more colourful than our actual swearing vocabulary
Wish I and the general population knew more about this whole conflict
So true
In Danish it's lig, but it's not pronounced similar to like.
But this is my opinion
> A few months back, red panda escaped from Plzeň's zoo, it was hanging out in the city for 12 days
We use Greek or Latin for this as well btw
It rarely stays for long though
Fries pork with parsley sauce
I think you mean orthodox easter
[Here's the official definition on how to designate "Ghetto areas"]
One of the things I like about /r/Denmark is that everything is in danish as it just easier to write in you're native language, but also because it means it's nearly only Danes that frequent that sub as 99% of the content is in a language that very few understand.
She is very new to the role of PM, and Britain is currently undergoing one of the most difficult negotiations ever.
SONNY
**Alsisk:** Kritbaren
I can smell an københavner or fynbo
> it's gone from the workplace
Denmark is the load and Norway is the one cell that made it
The idea that Facebook would back off the biggest market on the planet because of a rule change is prepostorous
So Austria it is
> Also we still call the king Kristian Tyrann, while I believe you consider him to be a good king
The department for food, fishing and agriculture first pulled their warning against eating raw eggs in 2013 (and I am pretty sure they pulled back a couple of laws about companies serving food with raw egg just last year) so year pretty recent development
Copenhagen and Malmø together with the regions of Zealand, Scania and Halland have indeed today joined in the Greater Copenhagen metropolitan cooperation (previously known as the Øresund region)
Even once the "buying of slaves" were made illegal in 1792, it was still legal for 9 more years, and you could keep the slaves until 1848
How close do you have to be to feel the heat
No better time to enact Article 13 than the time where everyone is at home and on the internet
It seems that the only real connection between him and this station is that the money gained from his actions were used to fund the construction of the station, meaning that there is no obvious connection to him, unless you're a history buff
This will be an iconic picture
or what is the second language
He lives on Greenland, everybody knows that
you would have to experience it yourself to understand it
Until and unless the EU becomes a proper, single nation, I will want my own nation's passport
Again
Also Doctors in Canada are generally not in favor of it, and even use that statement to back up their view
Long story short: He and his government were convinced we could win the war of 1864, despite how much the Prussians had kicked our asses back in the three-year-war, so they declared war on Slesvig-Holsten
Colonial rule in the Congo began in the late 19th century.
Actually the last two times it was suggested to repeal the law, it was put forward *by* the Danish People's Party.
Looks like a Death Star
But I think in older apartment buildings you still opt for the outward type because of their design
Really
Which is from the Swedish word "låna", right?
Everyone is taught German for a minimum of 4 (or 6, they might have moved it) years, but it's almost universally hated as a subject here, and barely anyone actually speaks proficient German
* Vaccinations
You can count on us too - you guys might be the frontline right now, but we are all in this together
Some even have taps with both normal and carbonated water if they're rich enough/live at the new Nordhavn
The do have a political leaning though, which is not unusual.
Copenhagen is definitely my favorite place I've ever been or lived and I miss it so so much
If you consider yourself christian, muslim, jewish etc.
The whole talk of a "final form" is prety silly to me
I like the little figures hanging from string
Lego
But we do start with the least significant number from 20 up to 99
I don't understand how that works
Well, looks like an afternoon of Epic Rap Battles, mixed with a healthy dose of Dan Bull
I know, it's not healthy, but I don't smoke, rarely drink alcohol or other unhealthy stuff
So I understand the decision, it seems a bit like a "damned if you do, damned if you don't" situation
As in Newcastle upon Tyne
In Denmark they'd just shoot maybe the man of the house, in Poland however there was little mercy.
I would just reinstate our old flag of a black raven on a white background
It depends on where you live
This, interestingly enough, started with the Opium Wars
Pizza was invented in Naples (Napoli) in the late 1800s
Have there ever not been a handshake after a meeting like that in the oval office?
It's not a normal thing for people to just slaughter random civilians.
HI NEIGHBOOR
\*Then there is the sort of secondary racism where people try to get around it by saying "I'm not referring to ethnic Arabs, but middle-eastern Muslims / Syrians / X", where X is some group consisting almost exclusively of ethnic Arabs
Yea maybe I replied to the wrong comment
They basically said: "You should have known we didn't actually mean it when we told you to work for them
I have not ever heard a dane speak ill of Norwegians
Quite drab and dreary
Danish genders are such a mess that at least one dialect has reassigned the genders of a huge part of the words
Although they might not be the exact same as a baseball bat, as I honestly haven't seen a real baseball bat in any shop.
Jutland (part of Denmark) took one look at this tradition and thought "hey let's do something stupid and crazy", and what they came up with, was tying people to a street lamp when they turn 25 and covering them in cinnamon powder
1% more money, HAH
You're pretty much right about everything the only thing i will add is that we did actually win the war against Sweden to get Skåne back in the 1670s. We had it, but then Sweden got their ally France involved who told us to give it all back again
Not according to any geography book published in Denmark in forever
We have conscription for men in Denmark too, but they need so few (ie the defense don’t get more money) that basically every conscript is a volunteer these days
You can easily see how Denmark's birth rate tanked after child benefits were slashed in 2010.
It has properly changed quite a bit i imagine.
Linearbandkeramiks culture
I wouldn't mind either one being said.
Give me Sweden’s car laws please
Just stick to that
I would, by the way, suggest banning military policies.
Ah yes, admiral Nelson
Norwegian - 100%
Unions isn't politics, pff, it's the reason i earn a living wage
but a lot of stuff outside of Denmark are drawn by danish designers/arcitects
People are not overly loud about have gotten an abortion, but i have never met anyone that has got into trouble with friends and family over it.
Even organic apples should be washed very well though, it have been an issue in denmark that some farmers pesticides evaporate and come down with the rain in the organic farms.
It's still not perfect though
That's not really my idea of a perfect world to be honest.
Something between gymnasium and realschule
Europe is very diverse culturally, and I can't speak for all of Europe so take all of this with a grain of salt, but in many European countries, people tend to be a lot more irreverent and willing to discuss or make fun of things that are almost taboo to Americans.
Danish operators said they would do this years ago, so it can not be news to the EU lawmakers.
She lost the election, yes, but her views obviously has widespread support in France
Agreed, I like and can understand Norwegian (Bokmål) far better than Swedish
- I think we could do with a few more churches :p
It means the chickens were vegan
I wouldn't say that some bakers still use chocolate to make their cakes
Northernmost: [Saqqaq, Greenland]
In the end of the semester, a chinese exchange student in my uni class said she thought it was so nice that people biking would wave to people across when approaching an intersection
>Grønlands adgang til selvstændighed
If socialists start to just be welfare-liberals+^^ ... Then the socialist struggle has definitively lost
r/okkammeratmongol
I don't know how this is handled in Norway or Sweden though.
The "Diarrhea" is to picture a person who doesn't exist I think (the name being ridiculous and all), and being in a nonexistent person's field, you are quite far away from any form if civilisation
It’s absolutely shocking how much the EU is despised
Rest in peace to the brave firefighter who passed
If your only examples are effectively the KKK, you frankly have nothing.
sounds awesome
I know, still wrong
Today we still get like 40% formality in emails/letters, it’s insane how self absorbing it sounds
Yeah that really struck me when visited many years ago why there were so many Vietnamese given exactly what you mentioned
I hope you were you able to do it faster than the Belgians were with their Palace de Justice in Brussels
It's not really common to know about Greece being orthodox unless you have been there
They are still very popular in Denmark
We really cannot
They are all pretty much dead now and the variation consist of regional pronunciations of Rigsdansk (Standard Danish)
His country is why you never turning up drink to a meeting
“[The old city] see how we lived in the 1970s, 1920s and before 1900 in the city
Faroese was considered a Danish dialect up until the middle of the 19th century
But yeah, it's a weird language based on some guy travelling to small remote random villages and declaring their version of Norwegian to be the "true" Norwegian
The former prime minister of Denmark sent a message to Donald Trump as a response to Trump's way of handling his loss
I was sat at home eating leverpostej when Mette ring
In Germany, just across the border, 3 cases of the same beer at 24x33cl cost 20 euro.
This is the only danish comment, lol
>**Volapük** ([/ˈvɒləpʊk/] in English;[\[2\]] [\[volaˈpyk\]] in Volapük) is a [constructed language] created between 1879 and 1880 by [Johann Martin Schleyer] a [Roman Catholic] priest in [Baden] [Germany] who believed that [God] had told him in a dream to create an [international language]
Copenhagen really does get much more attention and money than the rest of the country, and it’s a shame
In pissed denmark is gone
Very interesting and important topic, good luck with it!
You may not know it, but the relationship between European countries and Russia is not as bad as many news portray it to be.
Let's say I wanted to move to the USA.
Yeah
I'm not *that* old
... what
We actually have two layers of unemployment benefits.
I like that Crimea is stil a part of Ukraine in this map
Let's say there are two peoples, A and B. They differ on core conceptions of ethics and religion, and practice different ways of life
So France believes in global cooling
Aarhus, right
Yet we have free university, healthcare, and just generally higher standards of living for the general populace
I actually only drink tap water, bottled can have harmful chemical in the for it to taste good
I wouldn't call it tradition but it does exist
If you use another card it's not the card you used to purchase the ticket, so you wouldn't have returned.
Start with the real bad stuff:  The Reliant Robin
Ø = Island
The cost of living is skyrocketing
The little mermaid
Doh, should have told myself that.
Cheers
Too much state sponsored tv is not good for you my friend
Denmark droped due to "policy goal" are weighted heavely.
How is this related to this thread?
As I wrote above, I might be misremembering, as I was a child at the time, plus it was ages ago, so honestly, a lot can have changed
If you’re more to a different kind of rap ill find Them just tell me :)
Canola oil when Asian and/or I’ve given up in life
GTA: Skegness
83), and this is the national average, she has access to the very best care in the world, she evidently don't smoke, and havn't really for any significant part of her life.
The Danish People's Party are against any tax cuts of the marginal rate but wants cuts in immigration/asylum.
French = Merci
The panel shows are gonna get some good material this week.
Gotta keep an eye out for those Germans
They’re heavy, broad, and normally moored in protected water with very few swells
It's a turning point in any gay boy's life when he finds out, that the 'straight guys' are professional pornstars
For modern songs I’d say [Niklas] [Icekiid] [Kidd] [Nik og Jay] and [Benny Jamz] are some good places to start
When we're tired of talking with you we just drop a syvoghalvfjerds and let the conversation disintegrate from there
Yeah - I grew up on Fyn, and been living in Copenhagen for almost a decade now
" question must be one of worst ones
I think it should be about intent.
Doing the islands as well, glad you like it
Hence somewhere around 18-20
Also, isn’t Gigi D’agostino Italian
And why is Denmark allowed a Europol exception
And then he said “Danish sounds like someone is speaking with a potato in their mouth
Venstre used to be in opposition to Højre (right) - now called the Conservative Peoples Party
Came here to post this
Exactly
Ab Fab has a pretty funny scene though, of [the main character thinking she is speaking Danish, while speaking to an actual Dane
Which is placed right after the city 'Hoed': Head
I think it depends on consciously using primarily the Latin derived words whenever it's possible
It's nice to see things are finally improving.
Everyone bitching about this but I'm just happy they did a proper comparison when both days were dreary and overcast with no foliage
I very much disagree with you
- Jesper Christensen
In the same way the Bactrian Camel is just called a “kamel”.
I was very annoyed when I found out not even IKEA sells it here
And it was facing right at alle the people passing
It still takes a lot more to kill with a knife than with a gun
Lovely city, lovely country
Without the Chinese demand, a lot of this mink industry wouldn't exist today
Not just christianity though, also islam, buddhism etc
Free world class healtcare, free schools and universities, high pay, wide and strong social security rate - probably
dk] covers [it
Don't forget that they're ridiculously overrepresented in violent crimes!
Just in case
If a swede tries to cross the border via a frozen over øresund (the water between Denmark and Sweden), it is allowed for us danes to beat them with a stick
Stop making excuses
) and, as a result, similar floras
On our way home out of the city my dad opens a window while we drive over a huge puddle
Yeah seriously, What the hell, guys
It used to be very swampy and we eradicated our indigenous birch
They are usually just sports activities and such
Bassicly when you get a shitty winter like we just had in the area, you get a hot as fuck summer
From my experience driving around Iceland in June last year, Icelanders are happy to drive 100 kph and above on the roads that have the 90 kph speed limit
The slight feeling of regret when you realise 10 minutes too late that you wrote barbaric countries in singular form.
Think of it as creating a tight bond between the peoples of our nations through many years of *national cooperation***.**
>The German-Roman ~~Empire~~ Realm
The good things were that an united Scandinavia enabled Scandinavia (and thus Denmark) to stand up against bad forces from Europe such as the Hanseatic league
This just opens up for so many more questions though
So yeah, all kinds of travel through Europe is very common.
seems legit
Re: "tangents" if you're too dense to  see the connection that's on you
Every time I hear the potato or kamelåså joke I die a little inside because it’s so old
We really exaggerate it among ourselves
Doesn't mean we don't make fun of it
If you are doing entire remodels in EU you just order the stuff from the hardware store and they deliver it to your door by truck
It's a matter of semantics
Maybe because, we used to rule them, idk
I don't care about the Latin languages, but if Danish sounded a bit more like Norwegian then that would nice
Smart
The patterns on the Turkmenistan, Kazakh and Belarusian flag are gorgeous
So beautiful none the less
You don't really have much say in whether you're shooting to kill or shooting to injure
I was 13 when I read it, and thought I was the absolute shit for being able to follow it and figure out the clues
is 134,36 €. Now that our banks have negative interest on savings, I think a lot of people are seriously considering taking money out of the banks and storing them in cash
If that's the case, explain how i'm able to eat food right now
In Denmark it's "sten-saks-papir" so "rock-scissors-paper".
Bulgarien - Bulgaria
Maybe Mexico, gotta know where to put that wall
Interrail is quite good from Prague and onwards IMO
Gotta be risalamande, it sounds french but I can assure you that it's not
That's because it's not a law
I think we are ready to be institutionalized at this point.
In Denmark you qualify for social services once you're a citizen, so I think it's fair if we required the Danish citizenship to be the only one you have
How did you *not* vote for that.
I mean in general, I don't think we are a country big on any type of nicknames
...what is happening in eastern Siberia
The EU is our project, the Euro is not.
Have you been to the HC
It's Espionage Snowden is potentially wanted for, not Treason.
When I started studying history at uni, we quickly learned that what people had been taught about in school varied widely from person to person
Free speech is fine and all, but there is a limit
Why do they think of Skoda in Sweden?
Pretty easy, you only need to points.
Have you heard of seasonal depression
Yet bookmakers has consistently rated her chances at winning the presidency at roughly 20%.
You say foreigners but in Danish it's also Beograd
This video shows European wars and border changes through time.
Exactly
I think the gentrification and housing market and a lot of what Tony says is not that bad compared to most of the world
2) Japanese man who worked abroad this one week was very fond of me working at such an age
I believe much of Denmark too, rose out of the sea after the last ice age.
That's exactly my issue with all the talk about human rights etc.
They always come back for more.
Well America is pretty much the only first would country that has health organizations recomend it
Even the concept of "India" as a unified place is a colonial construct, which has only ever been close to being achieved throughout history due to imperialist conquests
In my family the Norwegian one is used in day-to-day life, and the string type for when guests come over (makes bigger and more uniform slices)
I mean, of course it's in Germany so...
It works because of the collective intelligence of people
but it only comes true if those of us who are socialists accept it
It is frustrating never seeing an actual police officer working here.
It is the liberal ideology I am opposed to, and all subsets of it(to varying degrees ofc
This populistic compromise is now having significant consequenses
000 DKK (8120-8932 dollars) a month”.
So according to you only Cuba, Venezuela, and North Korea are socialist?
I think gentrification has been a larger problem for Amsterdam
Petersburg the divide is huge
I have greek friends who are financially independent (could rent a flat or even buy a house) but are expected to live with their family until he marries and starts his own
With so many people gathered in close proximity
I've never heard of this but it sounds really cool
A popular "reference meme" would be this [Træls i gennem en længere periode] It translates roughly as "Annoying for a long time".. The guy with the beanie is being interviewed about a killing another person and in the interview he shows very little remorse and said the reason for killing the other guy was because "He had been annoying for a long time period". This video already became quite known when it came out, but it really took off in around 2015-2016 when the daughter of the guy who was killed goes on TV to tell that she finds the video annoying but that just ended up boosting the popularity of the video even more
Most peoples knowledge of him is minimal.
Maaan, the Netherlands is just one of those few places I'd pretty much never expect this shit to happen
Maybe not as revolutionary as some of the other examples in this comment section, but we're pretty damn proud of it
What would you do with straw, biodegradable waste and biogas
Vai Amor by Gilli, its a dope rap track that absolutely blew up in Denmark, but probably won’t get international recognition
Is there anything obvious that will make the average person, rather than the history buffs, which will make the average person perceive it as a "cathedral for this man"?
Though with the upcoming election I'll have to refamiliarize myself with their current political stance
I was misremembering it
This potential law suit is pathetic and should be laughed out of the court if it ever gets that far.
That sounds so nice
Then I got curious about why the Greeks were being *that* butthurt "over a name" and decided to do a bit of Googling on the subject.
EU is widely seen as a necessary evil.
Production of electrical equipment, nothing vital to anyone but the boss and the costumers
She also keeps sending me articles about how dangerous my actual meds are
and I'm not even convinced that *they* believe it themselves, it seems to be about adherence to the ideology and not actual conviction
Before that probably the protestant reformation in 1536, which removed Roskilde's status as the largest and most important city in Denmark
I'm no fan of religion, but it does provide value for a lot of people, and can be part of a functioning society as seen in many European countries
To allow Putin to assassinate him, in order not to offend Putin
Det fortælles, at Fanøs repræsentant, Sonnich Jensen Møller, bestak en tjener til at dreje viserne på uret i rådstuen en time frem, mens auktionsholderen tog sig en lur inden auktionen
Ahh ok
And if they aren't Danes, they are most likely either Swedish or Norwegian
It is very fun to scroll through  this thread, but on my own language works it not so well
There are a lot of young Muslims with potential that is ruined by both economic disparity, as well as the pressure and control of their own communities
Primarily the political ones like "overrun with muslims", "swedistan, amiright", "you can't even own a butterknife", etc
it IS a clown car
Awesome job
Danish: *Coronastrategi*
indoctrination at its worst
Huh, same thing here, in regards to Die Hard
You have to call the King and Queen by their first names
Here in Denmark we haven't had a single day of snow through the entire winter
I don’t hate you
It's always a good move to invent your own game when you are failling at everything else
Gets too much attention compared to other cities
Hey you fjeldaber
Fun fact, you can actually see this thing from [Stevns Klint] through some binoculars they have there
Its cool man, its just internet points.
In a lot of software programs I will generally use the English language option because I spend more time thinking about the intention of a setting/button when it’s translated into Danish
I guess we couldn't agree on that one.
Only Swedes can insult is in this way
You don't even control it directly, they govern themselves.
People get better treatment for mental health issues
I think 30% is over the national average, Danes tend to prefer democrats but Trump struck a cord with a lot of people.
I think the problem is that it tastes like fish
Growing up the most popular comic was an illustrated version of the myths for children called "Valhalla" by Peter Madsen
Such an interesting concept
Muslim problems
Violent
The only aspects of Danish history I have heard mentioned are the Viking Age, The Kalmar Union, our role in the 30 Years War, though that may only be because we have a phase of it named after us, and the Great Northern War
So have we, and it was several life times ago
I wholeheartedly support learning to hear English and read local subtitles early
But happy we got skåne back
The bar won't close and the beers won't stop coming for at least a few more hours
I think an important addition here is that, while the Jews were not perceived as being local by most locals, many Jews did view themselves as European
You can extend this to Kazakhstan as well, the famine was a move to quell dissidents among the Kazakhs
Its very easy to tax those too poor to move their money out of the country, the rich not so much.
Almost everyday, but I live in the second largest city.
We have crazy popular support for it, something like 80+%.
You've never noticed internet comments being a cesspit of hate and racism?
Everyone knows the meaning of Langbortistan
What would you recommend
With their powers combined, they become **/r/Navia**!
We dry them by hand, because why waste an entire cabinet on that
I interact with a lot of eastern european truck drivers (mainly romanian, latvian, lithuanian and bulgarian people) so russian would be great for me
best internet connected country in the world, so there is room for improvement The EU roaming prize cap is actually bad news for Denmark.
If you do the latter, there will be no added wealth to redistribute.
So, suffice it to say, I have some experience with being German in Denmark
Denmark has some of the best tap water in the world
Not too far off - It's the border crossing closest to Sockertoppen.
death machine definetely has a darker Sound than the bands i've mentioned
Also, if we are talking more "kid friendly" (though i watched both of those as a preteen), I'd add Valhal to the list
I'm not representitive for my country in this particular scenario though, I'm way cooler and more right
Says a person from a corrupt country.
If that claim actually work, us danes should start considering getting Norway back.
Denmark as well
If at a dinner party something fine/nice it's common to keep shoes on.
It's called "kontanthjælp" which translates to "cash assistance". Our high taxes goes towards for example money for those who cannot work, like cash assistance, so they can have a decent life with their own home
It's right there, close to where you live
Norwegian is a second language, and the written Norwegian and Danish is practically the same
A pedantic economist would argue that it isn't free, because it comes with an expectation of reciprocity
Smørrebrød is its original name.
Same here in Denmark
Even our so-called ghettos (not what an American would call a ghetto probably) isn't exclusively Middle Eastern or African or whatever.
Schuss means shot
Maybe I'm just not very service minded when it comes to German tourists, who knows
Er du i Danmark eller lærer du det bare for sjov
But electing this government - grrrrr
Nah of course not
Yeah it might be a change going that far back
Aquavit - Scandinavian culture right here
Excuse me for messing with the self-fulfilling circlejerk prophecy, but not necessarily
If the head of state and his party can establish a voting majority in the legal assembly, then you can essentialy coup the republic
I think overall we’re much more left leaning in Dk in relation to Germany
I think it's flawed to try and define a political party around the worst of their voters
Personally I hope they get independence.
> you know, “drugs” could happen
I do not claim that values and cultures are not a problem
Bottled water is mostly only used for the convenience of the bottle, and almost nobody drinks it at home
I didn't think about the fact that all the expressions had been translated
You can use flags for non national things though, like the gay flag
Meaning that when the Danish, French, whatever economy is fixed to the euro, does worse than the Eurozones, the currency should weaken, which makes it cheaper for the small economy to export to the eurozone, dragging that economy our if the recession.
Legend has it that our king was drunk while doing it
Belarus: *Kalm*
Second: The island is out in the stream
He'd be the product of side-of-the-dirt-road bush (i.e. the closest thing to a motorway toilet back then) sex
In general I dont know if I want to permanently leave Denmark, but I would like to live abroad for a few years through a job
Them saying Kattegat with that super sharp accent all the time made me smile, tbh
Here's the impression I've got about Brexit, **PLEASE** correct me if I'm wrong:
Never sleep with my blinds down
While I do get the reason to do it, my personal opinion is that such drastic measures should have a more solid argument and reason behind it than hunting populistic votes
It means to offer a new programme, focused on socialisation and practical socialism, redistribution, strengthening the 'Red' unions, and simply expanding and strengthening existing social policies ([such as including dental in the national health service] not to mention changing the tax-burden around, placing taxes on capital and other forms of 'dead wealth'(inheritance, land, etc
'Easy for you to say when your ancestors weren't a currency
European empires used to go to war to gain colonial subjects, now the US goes to war to create markets for their buisnesses
If Reuters want a story about a shift towards a more EU-critical approach they should look towards the Social Democrats.
Been drinking a lot of water
Some rural towns has their own private wells, because clean drinkable water can be pumped up directly from the ground
Some didn't like the alleged political bias (anti-war, parallels to contemporary politics) others criticised stuff like pacing and structure, the love-triangle between the main characters, poor acting etc.
Danish: bæ (or bae), meaning poop
But if you're not from the EU then it will cost money each semester
boys
OK never mind, imagine buying salami or cheese, you do this thing up there
Almost nothing but glucose, just how I like it
Ind an unfathomable second
"At puste grise"
But yes it seems like Italy and Poland are the only two that mentions one another, and even positively so
That is why capitalism is the "least bad" economic system
Døgn is indeed a useful word as it doesn't relate to time of day or the date at all
It's those of non western background that has a hard time fitting in
There will of course be more things said (Russia, the elderly, EU, etc), but the main focus of Wilders will be those two points.
I think it’s generally considered cheap in Denmark to keep the alcohol to yourself, though alcohol is way less expensive than it is in Sweden
Ofc
And how stupid is that
But it is illegal to earn money off of other people's prostitution.
Not for a Swedish person
Or the entire west coast of Denmark (Don’t let them fool you tho
Hej Finland
The Koskela names
Tordenskjold lived like 700 years after the Viking Age had ended though
Mulled wine with all sorts of yummy stuff in it: a bunch of spices, chipped almonds, raisins, rum, what have you.
I don’t have a middle name and I like to think I’m a bit unique in that regard
After a while they acclimate and adapt
> Pistol rounds are mostly too slow to really cause hydrostatic shock
His party, the Social Democrats (who are the governing party atm), has a youth party called SDU
I think the European identity is real, but not in the way most people talk about it
That the weather an interesting topic for conversation and that Denmark has the best educational system and the funniest humor in the world
I once saw a Russian car, but I've never seen anything from outside of Europe
If we (as countries) decide to help that's perfectly fine but then it should be the country doing the helping.
We'd be better off without that cunt
The law of jante made me somewhat self hating in the past and I also currently gets criticized for always thinking I’m not good enough and not allowed to praise myself in the head
You can’t blame those who weren’t born
"pre-christianity"
The generations where dialects were incomprehensible, and learning "Danish of the Realm" was a necessity for, let's say, Southern Jutes, or people from Bornholm, are reaching at least pensioner's age, and even then, it's very likely that those from that generation don't speak with a pronounced dialect
I think you would waste much less time if you didn't keep replying.
Why worry about something that is impossible
Sweden: You are there and youre Swedish doing what swedes do
I swear, the Netherlandish language is just a dane speaking broken German
No, none of it is a loan
Ø = Island
Much
Does the EU-flag on our plates represent that we don’t like Iceland
A putte means a darling, sweetie etc, and is used for first year academic high school students
Again, where exactly did you expect the culture to come from
Hol up
It's vendelbomål... Well, it can't hurt to try
It isn't even just /r/europe, even over at /r/denmark, you could run the comments through Google Translate and you'd get duplicates.
Benjamin button
Went to Riga this summer, on visit from Denmark
Honestly, I'm not aware enough of the political implications and diplomatic relationships that are probably (hopefully
In Denmark I guess it is genrally really well liked.
what exactly should be this stronger stance on immigration?
And if we try to artificially preserve language (like when we try to artificially preserve "history" in open-air museums) we can at most freeze it in place, and create a vulgar representation, a linguistic Frakenstein's monster
Norway is a beautiful country, though
The term is dying out, however, as everybody these days says "have sex", probably due to the influence of American media/pop culture
Christania is probably the second most visited place after Tivoli
It is incredible
In what universe is that a proof?
But we do start with the least significant number from 20 up to 99
In most languages I’ve come across it has some awkward double meaning that can be misunderstood, like how in English a girlfriend can be a female friend, and in German a friend and a girlfriend is both Freundin etc
Excuse me, but what do you mean
I did have one funny incident
Skål, Prost, Cheers, À votre santé, Saluti, Twoje zdrowie
Would it look as dry in August if anyone knows?
*Cough* Inger *Cough*
His nickname became synonymous for leeching off public aid.
Well its only in 2015 that we banned bestiality, so a lot of the opposition to that law still are
I love where I live
That’s cool was gonna go sometime anyways
This is also what's called The Law of Jante
So I guess it is produced in Germany
A friend of mine even moved out at 17
Østrig-Ungarn
Mainly they have been around for much longer so they have a more Danish product line.
Why would not anyone expect to be pepper sprayed at protest these days
You can thank our idiots later
Edit: or "Er det det
We bike almost everywhere
Only the US and Canada even share one, so the UK can do whatever the eff it wants on that point.
And a lot of people don't want to risk finding out.
This may all be well and true, and thanks for the explanation, but it doesn't make it any less of an error :)
And many people consider spanking and even a slap a natural part of a child's upbringing
*"How about I kick your fucking teeth in"* said Prussia
In Denmark, all "general education" classes are finished after high school (which, as far as I have heard, is about the same difficulty of American 1st to 2nd semester university classes).
Idk
It kind of served it's purpose.
I understand, but I just don't get how 2
Got several american friends living here
Hungary - Ungarn
That doesn't really solve the problem of sticky spaghetti, in this case, not from my experience anyway.
I don't know
What we have is an å (stream, creek), but we do not have a flod (river)
Sure, it's well after
Same in Denmark, but just with Peak Performance jackets
Although when I look back at my youtube comments or just anything in general, I can see that I have improved drastically
slow ass political decisions that lead to nothing
I'd say so, especially on text.
Coming from the *other* bicycle-obsessed country, I'm proud of you, Germany
And     recently, the politically appointed Health minister of Norway  opposed  a   ban on circumcision, yet the ban was supported by the  Norwegian   Medical  Association, the Norwegian Nurses Organization, the  Norwegian   Ombudsman  for Children, and the University of Oslo
Rolled over
The one about Chicago and Malmø.
I would move abroad (again) for family but not for work
That's 200 injuries to every death
Godt at se dig her
Some cars on this list however, is not for sale in Denmark, like the Dacia Dokker.
Their old names just happen o be the same as these words
People from the capital and Sealand speak with a very thick and posh accent but no dialect.
Scandinavians and Dutchmen like to feel clever and on a high horse because of our high English proficiency, however we conveniently forget that we’re literally the languages that are closest related to English *in the world*.
Denmark PM strikes deal to form new government
How reliable is this information
Sweden
Can we stop this sexist shit
:D" in a genuinely nice way
Where I'm from (mid-west Jutland) people who talk loudly are usually told to shut the fuck up
True that, if it's any comfort we do recognize and discuss your politics as being ahead of ours
Was my thought too, but its also difficult to blame people of his generation to suck at english
far less so in the rural areas, where the world of the city can be seen on satellite TV 24/7
Well he did it with the explicit purpose of it being blasphemy not to piss in Christians, I would hardly call it falling within the borders of what the law actually say.
Which restaurant
Halleluja, it's a miracle
Talking to random people in shops/public areas
It's definitely not rational, but people are not rational.
I only hate it ‘cause it’s true
It seems a bit paradoxical
Anyone can license the Lightning connector, they usually just don't because it costs money and USB-C and micro-USB don't.
It's warmer in Finland, so you're already dead then
Nature here is boring, no dangerous animals, natural phenomenon or geography
**Norway:** The hot (and rich) chick that both Denmark and Sweden wants to date
Anyway, peace out !
No wonder people become vegetarians...
have it = Har sex
Even had a teacher with PTSD from being in the UN Peace Corps during the major conflict
the problem is co2 absorption and retention which algae does a shit ton of
10% is a huge minority, France fucked up.
Jeg har været med i indtil flere topprioritetsøvelser, og opgaver på Vorbasse Marked, og har mere end 300 bekræftede parkeringer
If they have access to people's internet etc.
Holland (Nederlandende is not used though it is correct also) - Netherlands
Denmark was founded in like 500 AD or something like that
I wanted to take an internship in 9th grade too, but this time at the danish military
Actually, our austerity policy isn't really inspired by America at all.
I've seen NL being #1 with like 184, Denmark #2 with 183 etc.
Every time I see cocio, it is labelled Pfandfrei with the German system instead of the Danish pant system
My entire family is atheist, but every time we went on any kind of vacation, we always went to a bunch of churches and temples
Job applications with middle eastern names gets turned down way more often
Fillip/Philip
That sure as shit hasn't been possible for quite a while now
Vaskebjørn (Washing Bear) - Raccoon
Not everyone is okay with granny sex.
Sweden: nice
Which is about the history of the potato, so it's often shown to younger school students
Take that Djenghiz
Compared to enlightened Wales we are just some meaningless backwater.
I agree on the Disney movies, take a look at [Stig Rossen's mighty voice]
Eye, the derogatory term for swedes is "svensker"
Porca
Those are great things to do
Thanks for explaining
EDIT: [Hey, there's a whole wiki page about it]
It is not a discussion of politics
Before there were fixed buildings with casual checks - kids didn't need ID to go to e.g.
Cred e din cauză că suntem o țară mică, și pentru România poate fi pentru că multe oameni în Europa au pareri proaste despre România
Shut that shit down
But the question is then, why didn't the Irish alphabet just adopt those letters
Needing a car in order to get anywhere is also a big fat no in my book
Oj, skal vi slås?
Yeah, or maybe the HRE copied it from us
We have the same thing on r/dankmark
2009 and 2010 were absolutely crazy as a white Christmas had never happened two years in a row
He's well known to misinform and mislead.
It started way back in the 70s or 80s. Kaj has just become a meme for some reason
Just curious, why are you interested in the denmark subreddit
We have been going to ski at least once every year almost my entire life, and we always go afterskiing
The Hagia Sophia is in Europe
Just heavy advertisement then
There are tons of shared customs and traditions between Northern Romania, Ukraine and Poland
We can communicate with the others with some effort without switching to English, but it's not super easy
More "fun" terms are: "det lille hus" (the small house), "potten" (the pot), "tronen" (the throne), and then a bunch of crude terms for what you actually do out there ;)
The closest we get are the cliffs at Møn. But they aren't even tall compared to most other places in the world
Which, after going to one, I learned that it indeed was
Why on earth would a Dane speak English with a Norwegian
Isn't Poland part of an ongoing project to see if you can directly pump so much goddamn money into a country, that it basically stops being east-european, so to speak?
The London Protocol was just a piece of paper after all.
I said "never"
They have covered every angle with the location:
It's sad
It’s tricky to convey irony
Kind of the same for me
My only regret from that trip still
Lauenburg and Holstein were causing far more trouble than they were good for, the population of the Danish Unitary State was 40% German because of them, and the main language of the institutions in the duchies was German - the Danes living in Schleswig felt oppressed in their own country because of the Germans living in Holstein.
There's not really a standard dialect in Denmark
Krigen\*
But since I had German in school a few years, I do understand the basics
You can't solely represent your voting percentage, which if I remember correctly, was about 51-52%. Then you risk alienating the remaining precentage of the population and possible entrench them further in their stance
wait, you don't? even at the humanities type of schools that's kind of a basic thing you have to learn
Nothing Compares (even though it’s written by Prince)
Economically the eurozone has never worked and never will.
Yeah here the normal time is between 18-19, but it can be extended to as early as 17 or as late as 20 depending on circumstance
Their language is really underrated, and I admire their football
Fuck PostNord
"对不起，没关系，打个屁，臭死你“ or "Sorry, it's okay, big fart, so smelly it kills you" the guy was known for being immature, so I don't think there is any deep meaning for this
Kørende, som nærmer sig et fodgængerfelt, der ikke er reguleret, skal afpasse hastigheden således, at der ikke opstår fare eller ulempe for gående, som befinder sig i feltet eller er på vej ud i dette
It's a natural occurrence"
Copenhagen
> Der Komissar
My friend comes with a stupid joke about her drinking to much to quick (“cold before 12” as we say in Denmark)
Probably worth it all
Excuse me what
Therefore locals rarely visit, and as you see more areas of the city, you realize there are far more ugly areas than nice like the area displayed in the picture
And by that standard, yes, we're socialist.
Well technically you are, you just can't vote on anything lol
Stay strong and democratic Germany
Interestingly that would make the EU more single-tier than it is now.
Was dumbfound to see him leave the shop an stroll down the street, music in ears, glancing at stuff from Prada, Vouitton etc.
We don’t say it in Danish but we honestly should
Jep, "drage" for both
It can almost reach the other side
Of course WW2 is big and scary but don't forget about the massacre and genocide that happened in Srebrenica 8300 something people lost their lives simply because they where Bosniaks, I've been their and I assure you it isn't a "fun" place to be.
That is peanuts, and actually shows low ambition.
So if you invite me over for dinner, I share your family's ass-towel?
Then they lock it up intil school ends
Then Iceland will actually be a land of Ice
Good times
I haven’t heard anything about the magna carta in school
Take a look at the Swedish comments
A bicycle weighs a lot less and both the asphalt/concrete can be a lot thinner and there is no need to dig deep into the ground for a sturdy foundation capable of supporting many tons of pressure when it is only a sweaty Dane on top of it.
Mads mikkelsen nailed it like jesus on the cross
In the video with the other dutch reply the guy was a lot easier to understand but bless anyone who tries.
It would probably be most of northern Jutland, as soon as you get north of Aalborg and until Frederikshavn, you are literally in the middle of fucking nowhere
Ca - Kalk
It's probably bred to not be super intoxicating
Not to forget
I'm aware I'm limited to my experiences with my school in the UK - however, I also have anecdotes from other exchange students that attended different schools in the area, one of which was a 14-year-old German girl attending primary, who told the group that she never did her homework because they only covered WW2 and her being German, well, they didn't exactly tell her anything new
Quite a few don't even accept cards.
So, of course, they wouldn't have any idea what it is actually like :)
I also made my own layout called [DWERTY] which is ANSI layout with "shortcuts" to Danish keys
For engineering fields and Computer Science, it would be Aalborg University, it is also ranked 4th in the world for those areas
the two words "ikke" and "uden" are themselves rather unlike anything in German, but the word *uden* meaning "beyond" or "outside" is related to German *ausser*.
Awwwhh yisss
The latter two might not be defined as Eastern Europe though?
Anyway, I want a list of Danish politicians who voted in favour
Active apathy, really
Jeg kondolerer for dit tab
"Greece" the series, eh
Can confirm
The only thing that’s sure is that it’s definitely not capitalistic, but that doesn’t automatically make it socialistic
In English:
Erdogan rooted out the people in the military who would revolt, he reinforced his image as "strong man", he sent an international message, and he managed to pin a lot of blame on the Gülenists.
You have to be a millionaire if you want to buy a big car.
I could be wrong, though
But luckily, I found the regular people of America to be extremely polite and very talkative, and just nice in general
Ay, I remember a butcher swinging by with half a pig (including head, tail, feet, ...)
Dont you have an election next year
Sometimes we get surprised by the amount of Dutch we understand when reading
It's the exact same for me except that we are culturally Protestant.
The beer was good, and the atmosphere was awesome, and the bartender greeted us by name after a few visits
The only phrase I remember was something like "that's my bike", which I'm sure will come in handy
Svenskerhår.
As /u/Dotura says you might be looking for leverpostej.
Ah welcome to the European union and all associated bodies hahaha
Also, isn’t Gigi D’agostino Italian
They're people we let in to Europe/our country to help them.
If you are a fan of REN fairs, I promise you have to travel around Nothern Italy.
You have to call the King and Queen by their first names
But it made me realize how beautiful a moment like that can be
And they are very much in the minority with that statement
Denmark's true traditional national fast food has got to be the classic [Danish Hot Dog] Especially good when purchased from a [pølsevogn ("Sausage wagon")] and enjoyed on a cold winter day with a warm [Cocio Chocolate Milk
20° - 25° = topless
Anyways, some also use gas, and some use oil or ... wood pellets
If I could ban all pedophiles and murderers I would be happy
Scandinavian countries' number of medals at the Winter Olympics
Akvavit and snaps is classic, us young people see it as an old people kind of alcohol
Unless Football's on of course
True
They should do a remake of Gøngehøvdingen
In a few months:
Only going to restaurants a couple of times *a year*  is not uncommon
But we got LEGOs
but i've seen a fair share of boobs
You just remember them like you remember any other words
* Glasses/contact lenses
802€ - roughly 117% of EU28 GDP per capita (35
As someone mentioned, even our plumbers are on time here
What a shame
We can easily be organised and stand in unity without being a federal entity
We have lended a few words from them
Often the gifts are intentionally useless
It's depressing AF
What kind of monster would eat them hole
"HAS THE E.U. MOLESTED YOUR CHILDREN
> Look at how completely dominant EU imports and exports to the EU are in our trade
Historical documents from the 11th century feature 'Marsher Lords' from Wales complaining about taxes that could be used to fight rampant banditry in the region were being siphoned towards London.
I heard about the book, but it's unfair to judge Russians because of Dugin like it's unfair to judge all Poles because of Korwin-Mitte.
Nothing quite like popping a Great General right next to an enemy city....
When I was a child I feel like everybody did it though - my mum, grandmother, aunts, strangers - nobody wore tops
It’s so dumb
i do live in a larger city in my country
What that essentially means is that the regions have similar climates (equally wet, misty, etc
But say, for example, a person born-and-bred in central Copenhagen to me has an equally strong and at times hard-to-understand dialect (to be fair, I've lived here 7 years now, so I do understand people by now)
"If you push us too hard with the exports to England, the British navy is fully capable of clearing the way for an invasion so that they may take what they want, and you hardly need another front to fight on." etc.
This post checks out
At alt er en eneste blok
Another thing you can use it for, previously stated, purchase of alcohol, which you can do at age 16
today is pure agony too
the issue is with it coming from the EU.
Yes there is a European Movement Norway branch
Plenty of companies also have the Danish flag as part of their logos
But seriosly every single year we are spending 3 weeks in Italy and France.
Is Nokia still in Finish hands
**Lolland and Falster:** Poor post-industrial depression
It reminds me of the [American Psycho ending scene]
>problems arise when you compare immigration proaccesses in our tiny nation with nations founded on it or old European empires who had subjects from all over the world with our small nations with a very complex language, nearly ethnically homogeneous nation where there are deep rooted cultural norms which are completely different from others cultures
Skiftning in Danish
Their is a huge amount of danish owned stores on the German side of the border where you can pay in kroner and the personal speaks danish (with an awful accent).
> How did everybody not realize how trash these movies (and books, tbh) were when they came out
day but alot of people shower every day and some shower less often
I would recommend a rennaisance tour around Nothern Italy.
Which is pretty much everyone besides the french.
It was Copenhagen Zoo
I Met loads of french, english, german, swedes and americans
Service for free death
It isn't about what's precise it's about what's usual
The world, especially Europe, is only worse off after his death.
A lot of companies in the Nordic countries are setting up shop in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, because of your good, well educated and cheap workers
”. Kæ-ruh-stuh
Obviously that's not how the world functions or even *can* function
It already prospered on its own, in so far as it was self-sufficient
You are not alone in feeling that
"* you might think, but it's actually happening in Denmark currently: Danish Crown (largest meat company in the country) launched a meat-veggie hybrid in 2019, and Arla (largest dairy company in northen europe) launched an oat milk last year
You guys are 18 for light stuff like beer and 20 for hard liquor (buying), we’re 16 for light stuff and 18 for hard liquor
One of them once yanked a bottle out of my hands
Oh yeah my bad
In all fairness, I've never heard of telegram until just now
Trying to take a step back and take an objective stance on the topic it became abundantly clear that Nuclear Power is just about the worst solution to the energy crisis short of sticking with fossil fuels
We actually have a Christmas tradition of giving similarly alcoholic beers, mixed with lemon soda, to children, where I'm from
If there's a job opening and they're fit for the job, go ahead!
And welcome them back when they fullfill the requirements regarding democracy and rule of law
I think that is going to get ugly.
"The next decade or more is going to be really rough for you.
I don´t like that
So youre basically saying youre willing to sacrifice european lives to save african/middle eastern lives.
Fine, as long as the others adopt our propotions and color
We technically had a Pomeranian regent, although he was just for show and was loyal to queen Margheth the first
i clean my floors every other day even though i don't wear shoes inside
We have 5
It might be because Africa is views as developing fast and a lot better and richer than in the past
Thinking we could recieve money from EU forever and not making our industry competitive
Also, they are more progressive than we are, which is generally positive but can be negative at times
I guess I trust them to not be outright corrupt, but that's about the best thing I can say about them.
The only way you can afford 10 - 12 beers is if you come here to the motherland you spoiled runaway, go play on the oil fields you stole ;-\*
what about Vatican
My dad calls it "skidderen" which pretty much means "the shitter"
If we just use France as the foundation (and they keep their current arsenal), and expand upon it into the rest of EU, then I think France will find it an attractive deal.
" (the Danish variant) sounds sort of dismissive and sarcastic, and it'd likely be used in situations like someone bragging, or someone being upset with you
I don't really watch Youtube stuff from my own country
Of course the EU itself needs to be more interested in defending itself against unjust accusations.
I think it needs to be scaled back or completely rethought.
Sig mig hvad fanden
I see
My impression is that Brits generally consider Germany their rivals, which is not really reciprocated by the Germans.
okay, well, we do that every day already ourselves, so feel free
I don't think she's that much above the average for non-smoker, rich, and probably decently healthy life style...
Dont nees you explaining it
Jeg tror du mener Fangerne på fortet!
Especially Sweden
But the poor might be too stupid and put their own needs above the needs of the state, so we need to do something to limit them
You can say opholdsvejr in Danish too
Thank you norway for being awesome
Fuck that bastard
Dont be greedy
all those groups have voted republican in the past.
Nice
wait, you don't? even at the humanities type of schools that's kind of a basic thing you have to learn
It’s not that inhabitants of cities like this doesn’t know the beauty of the city
Don't forget your flag
But in terms of international law, this is as much a war crime as Japan attacking Pearl Harbor in peace time was
How would that differ from what it is today?
0 GPAs) and I've never even heard of this being an option
That's kind of my point, the monarchies would be great places to put the castles, especially since there's 7 of them in Europe
Yeah, just wasnt bothered to pay for the food there
In America, it's relatively easy to acquire a gun/weapon to defend yourself with.
[Our Queen has 8]#/media/File:Royal_coat_of_arms_of_Denmark.svg) (plus a ram, a polar bear, and some elephants)
Referring to social liberals, liberal conservatives, right-libertarians, classical liberals, etc
You guys have so much fun at birthdays
It’s just difficult
Sweden and Norway
That's what i am going for so far
Engineers being the
Denmark is the load and Norway is the one cell that made it
All the really popular artists are pretty much nothing like American rap
Out west we have some German infrastructure, mostly bunkers, a couple if cannons, and some special roads made if large blocks
Would be nice with a little more context
Safri Duo
I have visited Italy a lot of times - but there is always so much more to see ;-) (From Denmark)
I'm not arguing that they should come here, but come on, you can't say that their ancestors created their reality, we did.
And to believe some people tried argue against me when it came to keeping your country homogenous.
It was a dark time for justice in Denmark
Last year at a Christmas thing at an old prison, they came and waddled by
It would end up being a very uneconomical project, that would require massive amounts of government subsidies, especially considering the mountainous topography of the Balkans
Merkel is allowing your women to get raped by refugees
000kr in Copenhagen (no utilities added in either of those examples)
Assuming it's about nuclear power plants built.
And it was in reaction to the Dutch fascist party who kept claiming red was orange
They have been around for a long time, but i think they are similar to your Luffare's.
25 degrees of clear skyes
I can only applaud but isn't the Netherlands really terrible on green energy
>WWI and WWII showed which post war actions will lead your enemy to become your friend and which will lead them to become aggressive in 30 years
it's the US so they're almost all immigrants, but asian-americans, jewish americans, muslim americans, cuban-americans have all voted republican somewhat recently.
Det er en død hest
I shouldn't have to tell you which one is civilised!
She casually looked over her shoulder and replied "Thats true, but this ass is from Århus".
Yes, of course they have *today*.
Same in Denmark
It should be standard, but I see tons of maps like these on this subreddit, and rarely does it include reference to a paper or study
Is this a thing
Well I have little patience for idiots so if I ever met one of those more radical feminists that somehow have forgot that men have problems too, I would probably have called her an idiot in multiple different ways flipped a table and walked away.
Yes, I personally can't see a possibility of change when the four biggest parties have more or less all bought into neoliberalism
at få det automatisk oversat ville nok give nogle sære resultater"
No, you didn't bend the knee to the Nazis.
The hill is so massive it was not until 2005 they could measure it
No strong opinions about Danes, I see - we're just boring and uninteresting
I'm sure there are
I hear that many monks were saved by the vikings and brought back to scandinavia where the vikings also helped them find work
The people did not understand Latin, but they did understand that something magical was taking place, turning bread into the body of Christ, so it was all a bunch of hokuspokusfiliokus
It is more an old word for pour
Oh i see, that was dumb of me
(Also it is spelled volapyk, with y not u. \[no actually u is right\*\])
Definitely my favourite summer dessert
“Stuen” is street level or ground floor
They have been treated 2
I have over 800 hours of playtime in EUIV.
Hah yeah or waterbottles for 20kr a piece
Never have
While in the field, they had been given an Austrian liaison officer named Radinger, who stayed with them on their march back as an official escort
Small independent nations makes policies that suit their economies.
Your point was just proven wrong by the very Swedish government you tried to defend.
Do you remember some of them
Jesus this thread, can we stop with the who committed the worst atrocities competition, and just feel sorry for the victims.
In Copenhagen Jutlanders are called substitute Germans and Zealand is the Devils island in Jutland
Denmark is fine but there’s so much of the world out there, I want to explore it all
I ''saw'' the Starry night in New york
It's not what I want us to rely on forever, but using coal instead can't possibly be viewed as an improvement
If the compromises made politically had been more pro-labour, I would have no problem with it; the problem is that it seems like we've reached a point where the Liberals are more than happy, or on some points even opposed to, the status-quo, resulting in them dragging "the opposite" way, a distinctly more liberal direction
“Klar eller eg, nu kommer jeg”
But then it's just MM/DD, and we're back to the start
Taastrup represent
15 °C is warm, below it's jacket weather
You should definitely x-post this to /r/copenhagen
As a dane i dont like "rugbrød" (rye bread)
Since you ask, I think a choice like that is about picking the lesser of two evils.
Actually, it's the other way around
but after some time the first officer came back with the passport and said there were no problems and we could get into the country
**Rest of Zealand:** Working class mid-size town and fields
We executed 46 collaborators after the war
It’s gradually growing year by year too, as connecting roads are traffic sanitized as it’s called, when cars and parking spaces are deprioritized
And in northern germany they bake the s**t out of it
Entirely different experience
Sure it's not their universal translator?
Yea, you're right
It seems maybe you think I am against what Macron is saying
It is harder to get in to than for instance Århus, Ålborg or Odense,but that is mostly because more people want to study in Copenhagen
Bornholm Is also quite the tourist hotspot since its the only place in Denmark with cliffs and its also the sunniest place in Denmark, but still the only people coming there are Germans and Danes
TIL thx
You know, when you claim to "directly quote" someone, it helps to supply a source.
A bit, but Gossip Girl is way more dramatized wheres Skam tryes to stay a bit more realistic.
Lukas Graham, Mø and Aqua
That's also why a united EU is never going to happen
Doesn't change the fact that the moon is a completely arbitrary metric
One of the most intense cinema experiences I ever had
I stand by my comment
What is inconceivable is that Europe actually accepts their denial, while giving them tons in aid money.
I don’t like beer and handball leaves med cold
In Danish it fucking rhymes
Its when they are in the caravan thats driving down the cliff side
We have good relations with our neighbors and they're doing better than most others in the world so I'm pretty happy with them.
Like a majority 'Leave' vote...
At least they made the location ambiguous by calling it "Kattegat" - feels a bit silly, but I can live with it
And it's actually Norwegian, although a made up word from Sweden
Looks like Elrond more than an orc IMO
I suppose that places me in the “lesser evil” camp
TBE is spreading among ticks in Denmark at the moment, so it's not just Lyme disease we need to worry about there anymore
[Perhaps we could join the southerners outrage?
No that's really wrong, bedstemor and bedstefar is definitely also in widespread use
I wanted to take an internship in 9th grade too, but this time at the danish military
I don't know about the moisture of the eggs, cus i've never checked upon coming home, but buns that i buy are always damp when i come home
A lot considering my brother was in NATOs quick reaction force, my dads in the airforce and my uncle is in the navy
they are completely out-gunned vs NATO
It's used as decoration on Christmas trees, on birthday-cakes, on gift-wrappings, and a ton of more stuff
No, not a single snowflake has been spotted this year
Reminds me of Diablo 2
My parents did the same thing, but when I started understanding them, they switched over to German, and that one still works if what they’re talking about is complicated enough
I mean, some of them overlap a lot
setting the retirement age back to 65 yo
and well thats why
* The share of heterosexual users has also fallen, 5 percentage-points, from roughly 75% to roughly 70%.
Greetings from Denmark
In Denmark its pretty dying
Australia was invited and we weren't!?
Almost all Europeans think of Africa as a continent without any food or water
Not a Copenhagener, but I've been their there 100's of times.
Danish genders are such a mess that at least one dialect has reassigned the genders of a huge part of the words
I began meditation though With a purely spiritual not religious purpose
It's just too expensive
Then a revolution started seemingly over the weekend, and suddenly nobody is staying home anymore, and cases
Then I started rereading it when I was older (22 maybe
Fair enough honestly
EC is harder to win than the world cup probably, but the world cup has this other cultural dimension to it that makes it super interesting for everyone, not just people interested in football
I've lived the first 22 years of my life in Randers and I have no clue what you are on about
> But I don't think you can't be European just because you belong to a specific religion
If the Danish people desire people to be culturally Danish to obtain citizenship, that is fine because it is their country.
understanding of ourselves
Occasionally, people still bring it up when they recognize my accent, but it’s rarely negative anymore
I know it's a difficult topic and most of you write in bokmål, but - from where I stand - nynorsk just comes off so much more like what Norwegian should be, if that makes sense - bokmål is too much like Danish
Getting made fun of sounds pretty harsh, but I can completely imagine the bus driver's face
I don't think so, no
"danmark" reimburses more than 350 kinds of medical expenses, including:
That aside, u/Huletroll said, nobody had ever claimed that it couldn't prosper on its own
It's funny how Slovenian is sort of the exact reciprocal to Romanian
My parents always wanted us to bike everywhere when I was growing up, but I've really come to enjoy it
Copenhagen, and also the west coast is filled with Germans right now
Another silly thing is this UK dream that they can be free of EU regulations and mandate their own with new trade agreements now
Ribe, oldest town in Denmark, dating back to the 8th century
Slide: DK work hard, EN glide (DK rutchebane)
"Å" is "stream" as in a creek
We have that too, you know :(
Grenades easier to get than fire arms
It’s to hot here in Denmark
In someway I feel like Denmark is closer to the Netherlands than Sweden for instance
IMO the EU should be exclusively funded by a continent-wide corporate tax.
Did life sciences at Aarhus myself, if you have any questions
"Butterboller om ti vor halv fümf in dem middag, en dame von kultur
But the nice parts of a city, at least in the case of Copenhagen, are just mainly tourist areas and horrible expensive
>Det fremgår endvidere af kommissoriet, at der mellem den danske regering og Grønlands landsstyre er enighed om, at det tilkommer det grønlandske folk at afgøre, hvorvidt Grønland ønsker selvstændighed, og at nyordningen intet ændrer herved, og at selvstændigheden i givet fald skal gennemføres ved indgåelse af en aftale herom efter reglerne i grundlovens § 19
Private citizens can not declare bankruptcy in Denmark.
We call it “politikerlede” or “dislike of politicians” here
Not sure whether you are making a joke or referring to the spelling hmmm
AFAIK it's mainly the fishing policies and the insane membership fee because of your high GNP per capita that makes you not wish to join
I guess they needed it to make their koskenkorva taste good, like our snaps does on its own.
The site isn't drawing correct data from some of its sources
plus the umlaut over the a
You tell me you would gladly take in even the smallest number mentioned above for 4+ years?
Me too :( best julekalender we ever had tbh
Saying women try suicide for attention isn't untrue, and it isn't to put women down or say they aren't worth as much.
For specifically the kids and families that have to deal with indre-missionske
I'm not sure actually, haha
His name is bossman
Medicine is the largest export.
It  is a    traumatic procedure performed without anaesthesia to remove a  normal  and   healthy prepuce
Because extended dental care is really down the list of people's concern
God damn you Finland
Large bills like the 500€ would be good for that purpose
- there are no will to put things in any usefull context.
I don't like to be the only one bringing a quality bottle and everyone would enjoy it, and than next time still bring cheap beers and drinks expecting me to bring another quality bottle
We've designed a completely new banner for the community – Isn't that enough
Well, the English seems rather proud of them being raided by Danes in the Viking Age, and they took our navy and terror bombed Copenhagen in the early 19th century, so I guess we're even
I use them all regularly
Romania seems to be doing really well and it's nice to see a country that clearly works hard to live up to the requirements and to become better.
The Nordic countries are not socialist
The slightest tremor can destroy us
Yeah, it's already hot enough
As much as any Italians are Italians (ask someone from Northern Italy and they'd probably say the South isn't true Italians, ask someone from Rome they'd probably say they're the only true Italians etc.)
I see
I hardly even feel Danish
Can /r/DE please avoid leaving bunkers on our beaches this time?
Copenhagen, the area was called "the Kings Merchant Harbor" for centuries, eventually shortened to "the Merchants Harbor" (købmændenes havn) - which became København (Copenhagen)
Nogen er ental, nogle er flertal
It's more an issue among women but also men, and not only younger people though more so
You can reduce that to "Would Cyprus accept Turkey" for now though.
Both as individuals and as nations.
They have some much cultural influence, so many alliances, wars, colonial time etc
If you're some random person with a chicken and you take an egg from that chicken, just store it on the counter or whatever
it will be only our problem that we will eventually overcome
Did the amount of swearing by otherwise well mannered people surprise you?
Went to Czechoslovakia in high school, and to Spain in college (if that counts).
Iran should start drawing manga
If you deliberately exploit a loophole to avoid paying tax, you are being blamed just as much as the system is.
But no, funding, helping, organizing terrorist groups is not an act of war
Care to share
I live in Copenhagen and meet a lot of Swedes who are working here and commuting everyday from Sweden
For just as the Holy Church is ruled by the Pope and Bishop, so every land must be ruled and guarded by the King or his officials
There's not really an English name for it, but if you were to put that into translate it would probably come out something like "home arts". But it's basically where you learn how to cook, clean, and take care of a kitchen
And mämmi
No, the problem is that people who are typically against getting refugees here didn't want to do anything about the problem because it gives them votes, and they get away with it because they claim to be anti-EU.
Well they're currently making Assassins Creed: Valhalla
avocado
*Relative to income
The exchange of energy between the Nordic countries and with Germany is complicated stuff in general though, while looking up statistics I saw that during today alone Denmark has both imported from and exported energy to Germany
The bloke showing us around was a pretty affable guy, and when he heard where we were from, he apparently decided to add an extra destination
Not one, but a row of buildings in [Nyhavn]
That is very undemocratic
I was at a wedding yesterday in Timișoara(Western Romania), at the Orthodox Metropolitan cathedral
There needs to a majority of the Parliament (Folketinget) voting for the change
If a bankier couldn't fulfill his obligations, the bench was broken
But we finish first in the summer olympics :)
Brasilien - Brazil
in Denmark only children drink it directly
Which is probably where most of the patents come from.
In exchange they are funded largely by the government
Unfortunately not, I'd maybe remember that it's a combination of 'selv' (self) and 'følge' (follow) and 'lig' (equal (to) or corpse) and then spell those three separately
I'm not talking about the political use of the American flag
From Denmark: Swedish and Norwegian is pretty easy to read
Isn't there a large Russian minority on Svalbard
After we learned what they were talking about they switched over to German, which neither my sister nor myself understood
What do you mean not useful
Unfortunately, regular danish is potato danish
English isn't difficult at all because I speak English
I’m a huge car enthusiasts and Danish car laws are royally fucked
Their jobs are gone
Sure we'll have some Wienerbrød as we call it if you're like having a coffee with friends
A bag of tomatoes
Wtf
I just realised that we are pretty weird regarding this here in Sweden.
Det Hellige Tysk-romerske rige (Holy German-romam empire)
It's just running down your body in streams of nastiness
At least this is the case on all the keyboards I've owned
Altho the rest of Denmark views those 2 cities (especially Copenhagen) as the more entitled cities
If you actually believe that then I highly suggest to read up on some history, ideally since around about the year 100 BC.
I’m annoyed that a simple constructed language isn’t used instead, so nobody would have that native speaker advantage
Protecting the hardest hit countries while enabling EU to continue to spend a lot of money, where EU thinks it's needed the most
The EU is tired of the unstable situation as it creates uncertainty in the financial world
Saying free healthcare isn't free is completely arbitrary, and has no place in a rational discussion
Considering that Europeans rarely think of italy it just seems a weird choice.
I do kinda wonder about your argument though.
For instance, Aalborg is currently ranked number 4 in the entire world for Engineering
Sweden because English is the language of the internet.
In Denmark for example there is an extra tax on sugar
We will be gone
But it's not like the rest of the world have big issues with people not showing up for court - I imagine the percentages are about the same tbh, no matter if you have bail or not
Have read about the l'oreal scandal?
It's a small and densely populated country, which means there isn't room for high-speed roads, and most traffic fatalities occur at high speeds.
That ussually has some retention
It would instead be wiser to be banking on him being impeached for say- his organization receiving bribes from a foreign government if we could dig up the information via espionage that this is the case.
Saudi Arabia taking the number 1 spot should probably have put the methodology into question maybe, but it does reveal this curious thing that even "progressive" women into women's rights don't care for the feminism label, and it weirds me out when my girlfriend (very left wing etc) rejects being called a feminist but clearly the word just has some baggage here that it doesn't have in many other countries, and it doesn't automatically translate to rejecting the ideas and struggles typically associated with feminism worldwide
Fine as long as they are not spreading Trump propaganda ;)
There's your answer
We Danes sure binge drink as well, but it seems more common here to drink a glass of wine to dinner on a common Tuesday than it does in the rest of Scandinavia
Imo there’s nothing interesting going on in Sweden that you won’t be able to read about in english on thelocal
Various chunks of Germany were Danish for a millennia
He wanted selfies and videos of me so he could show it to his son which were at about my age
That's the exact same thing the germans and the french and the belgians said.
One shares hers with a boyfriend, and the other shares his with the dog
That's absolutely not true at all - almost all Norse Mythology is found in Iceland there's absolutely no sources that indicate that norse mythology is any more from Sweden and Norway than Denmark
We wound up getting too tired and slept in the car
Yes, they'll deliver more less, than them who earns a little bit less, and delivers less, but then delivers less less
It's just a western complot against poor Erdogan
Just recently a dead whale was dissected and the British and American media again threw a fit
It’s the same in Danish and I’d imagine Norwegian too
We Northern Europeans don't have a sense of humor I'm afraid.
Find some place where they are freshly baked = heaven
I don't think racial stereotypes in general are all that prevalent here.
I might have drawn the short straw and attended a shitty school - who's to say
Deporting every muslim from Denmark
It says a lot about the kings power and lifestyle
Closer to the opposite I'd say.
The price for the construction of the stadium are  human lives
You say they were colonial, but Iceland was never a colony
Though, now we're at it, I'd like to address that, no, Danes don't inherently understand Norwegian and Swedish better than Norwegians and Swedes understand Danish, as some people seem to think
Actually it seems like /r/altright and /the_donald despise each other if you follow /r/subredditdrama
Increasingly xenophobic and nationalistic policies is a fourth
This haiku reminds me of one of his best clips, it pretty much sums up Brexit to be honest
Later on, you might study the philosophical works of Søren Kierkegaard, but most Danes probably haven't read them
I don't really watch non-English videos anyway so that hasn't affected me
The way it is massively paid for by corporate interests?
And I don't mean libertarian faux-conservatives, I mean people like the types you described in Urk
You don't think it involves more people than that?
Angela Merkel explains why opening up society is a fragile process
50 000 people
Some places
Historians tend to disagree
I believe that will just lead to more damage long term, as it will take way longer for people to stop circumcising
Well, if the saying that you never forget to ride a bike once you've learned it is true, then I *can* do it, but I won't do it and haven't done it for the last 15 years or so
Of course, Christian II most likely didn't mind having an excuse to take revenge on the rebellious nobles in Stockholm, even after they anointed him king, but it is after all the church you should blame
I had a student who one day came and asked me if he was someone was saying "a coffee, please" wrong, since baristas would always reply to him in English after he said it
In the 80s there were more pop music, and artists like [Lis Sørensen] [Anne Linnet] and the pop bands [Gnags] and [TV2] were very popular
I was hella confused because my feed is usually full of fan art from /r/DnD
But it’d be more appropriate to refer to them as towns
Let's not ask too much, It's the Americans we are talking about
And I agree abt the part with americanisation
Helsingør & Helsingborg really do feel like one city to me
If you really want to go that route, Russians have been living in Crimea since 1783, and arguably also in medieval times before the Mongol invasions
Yes
Interplanetære fribytter
Nah, it's not like they have to move out at 18
[Danish Plates]
It is far to close to the Danish Island of Bornholm.
I was just so confused cause "forknippat" sounds like "forkneppet" (thouroughly fucked into a a state of weakness) in Danish.
You just transferred German money to the Greek economy
I’d go with Spanish, Arabic and Russian
0l diesel engine
nobody knows what Estonia is
If I end up paying the same for a glass of water as a glass of coke, then I'd want something for my money
I think we have a pretty 'good' chance of being worse off than most americans.
AT MOST you say hello or smile to the driver when you enter the bus, but again, since you can now enter the bus through the middle or back doors, you never communicate with them, and it would be so, so, weird for a passenger who entered through the door furthest to the back to go all the way up to the front just to say "thank you".
But I don't wanna join
Last time I talked with him, a little over a year ago, he told me he rather wants marijuana to be illegal because otherwise he would earn less money
Suddenly, joining Ireland doesn’t look too bad
Asian is a word describing people from the continent of Asia, including Iranians, Afghanis, Indians, Chinese, Vietnamese and 25% of russians
We don't do that here in Denmark
There's no need to take it that far
You’re always welcome to hit me up, if you decide you wanna learn the language
We will never succumb to imperialist currency
I mean, of course since your history is so intertwined with ours
Like "food" as high school was nothing less than sugar and fats
Eat The Rich, basically
It was 10 degrees outside today, but the sun was out, so it was far too warm for anything but a t-shirt while working and maybe a thin long sleeved shirt when resting
Train infrastructure is a lot more expensive than it is for aircraft
Nope i feel either scandi nordic or danish
And now the left wants us to embrace people that brings with them Islam, which is even worse than Christianity.
Thanks
Especially the differences in the earlier hunter-gatherer society and the agrarian society
* Finland: Moomin, Nokia and the Rasmus
I think I recall a few reboots
If you destroy something, you reduce it to nothing:
Your second picture actually shows one of the unique features of the Copenhagen Metro where they bring down light from the outside.
The problem is, the second they're considered EU citizens, they're not American any longer.
Yeah I think it’s a Scandinavia thing
I doubt  Schleswig-Holstein  is that spread out
At least a contender, I think we have about 30 different or so, and hell even with a lot of the vowel collapse that's going on, we are still going to be up there in the top
AND I think that guy is a fool and an asshole as well.
Most Danes can't get themselves to call people "sir" or "miss", as everyone you'll meet is usually referred to on a first name basis
It takes two to tango
Then we kids learned English, and they started talking in German more
However it's not very sunny in October-November (though it does happen).
I had somehow got the impression that it was a century of occupation, tops
I don't even click on it anymore until article 50 is invoked nothing happens, it's all just stuff.
It’s so little annually and i do like going to the graveyard to visit my grandparents etc, so church tax
I've driven through the Puszta a few times
Ah yes
I earn enough money not to care
This lessens the negative consequences of an asymmetric shock, as there is an influx of money.
Hyperloop through the Yellow banana
I suspect half of them actually mean China, but that option wasn't mentioned.
Unless they're like *really* poor (by Danish standards) perhaps
The least corrupt in the world, despite several cases of breach of trust
I don't mean RUC is literally worse but more it has a worse reputation
In private use, Dannebog is used as a symbol of private celebration
It has the companies that are very interested in such mega projects.
And there's little doubt that Greece needs to enact some pretty radical reforms.
Also - The little mermaid here in CPH
You guys go protect the environment or smth
My own hometown of 9 000 inhabitants has two soda production companies
**England**
Her father, my great-great-grandfather, was a ship captain
But struggles of the working class precede and prefigure the successive re-structurations _of capital
Mostly Jutland Vs Sjælland, not so much rural vs urban
Why are the english versions so bad
I suppose we are the same thing after all :b
For exampel Midgårdsormen is the Danish name for Jörmungandr
If I begun to talk like here, would it be easy enough to understand me, but it would not be completely perfect
My guess is he was either a prick or from Sjælland
I'm 7 minutes from the nearest city-train station, where trains to all over the city and city around it, comes every 5 minutes
Who (meaning politicians, countries and big companies) (other than farmers) wants CAP to stay and who wants it removed and why?
You're right, that's two sentences
In Denmark we love what we call "Sport soda" which are sodas like 7up or Mountain Dew but quite different in taste
Smart move
Maybe we'll do as you want and simply do as Norway, that pays much less than Denmark and still get to sell their stuff and study and live in EU
There's an episode of black mirror where the villagers speak Danish
And I've only ever seen it once too ... horrible, horrible images
It's very common here, both between men and women when you meet someone you don't know, or in formal settings of course
4 meters at Vaalserberg
I like the little figures hanging from string
the problem is with some political activists who use the fact of their homosexuality to attain political goals.
It also has some roads, with fantastic views, through the mountains connecting it with the main road system
And then you can put in berries and stuff if you want to, but traditionally you only use kammerjunker, which is a type of vanilla biscuit
Do you remember that time when he voted to dump nuclear waste in a latino community in Texas?
*aaaaaall the clubs have been clooooooosed down*
sounds like pascal's wager to me
I have to disagree with you on several points.
I fucking hate it
Move to southern Jutland and every single word is just single vowels
You'll obviously see way more flags if you live in a place where the average person has a flag pole though, which isn't really the case if you live in an apartment in the middle of one of the larger towns or cities
I don't mind any allied troops, the US is no different in that regard.
The result was a split, and a result that is very visible today.
I guess I understand it but I really dislike how smug they act about it
Edit: and of course you have to drasticly raise taxes
Looks like some sort of manapool for an elf deck in magic card
With Far meaning Dad
Thank you, Allies :D
it's a "typo". Probably deliberate
Great people with great work ethic
That place was so worn out and overcrowded last time I was there
This is not a view point that is shared by a majority of people in my nation
But Bismarck is the guy that wanted to unify the German states into a country
The further north you get, the more you binge drink
Nowadays you look odd at people who eat fries without any kind of mayo
Slå en streg
Thanks mate - I love Poland and the Poles I know
Asgard, Rangnarök, Thor, Odin and all that jazz
Nice of them to drop the openly gay fencing part for the print edition
It's always between 50-100% here in Denmark
Literal king
Absolutely love it
My point is that accidentally killing someone you shoot would be more common than accidentally killing someone you stab
I've been there a few times now, and exicted to go again
Morfar/mormor and farfar/farmor are both bedstefar/bedstemor
He's a danish songwriter, and one of, if not the best at writing love songs
You can get eggs from other places than Denmark
Ötscher, YËS!
Stau was the first German word I learned
> Devils Hole is a window into this vast aquifer and an unusual indicator of seismic activity around the world
It's basically why ramson all of a sudden got super popular to use
However, I am gonna object to the “very well defined” group- part
Obviously we don't want the people there.
The migrant crisis has made me mistrust the EU for the next many years.
Pretty much all of the Nordics
And he honestly believed it until we (most of us in the room had also studied History at uni, thankfully) were able to tell him its pure propaganda
... you know about the Rwandan genocide, right
80% humidity -8C and 30-50 km/h winds this morning
Only ever heard of them in relation to France, now that I think about it, so mayhaps it's just a central europe and western european thing?
Investing a portion of the budget in various space activities gives a variety of returns either way.
Why if it’s ok I ask
The people did not understand Latin, but they did understand that something magical was taking place, turning bread into the body of Christ, so it was all a bunch of hokuspokusfiliokus
If there were one on Mediterranean countries would you demand Finland to be included too
They're all permanent residents of Panama though
I would actually love feedback from Russian speakers on the three Danes that are always playing Russian:
The people I know that eat at restaurants the most use them maybe, maaaybe twice or thrice a month
Ironically in USA where integration works better than anywhere else, because you either make it or break, so you basically have to integrate just to survive.
By "most often" I meant pretty much always
And even disregarding the cost of building the infrastructure, such a network would probably still be running at a loss just from operational costs
in the new country, and could just spend my time checking out the things that country has to offer but that seems unlikely to ever happen
Are we supposed to ask you questions?
In that scenario we can basically never emit another ton of CO2.
It is not a big deal in Denmark
Do you sell those
They are paying the workers themselves, their social security, healthcare etc.
Greenland, though slot of people say the north pole
The number 4
Oh no:(
But if you focus on other issues - such as a basic willingness to speak to people you disagree with - they are *substantially* more intolerant
There's a guy who recently opened a few coffee houses here, who wanted to go against the trend of coffee being obscenely expensive
Which makes sense as it's mostly an averaging of the European ethnicities
They are shit for North Koreans.
I got high with my history teacher, and some classmates while in Rome for a schooltrip.
Yeah, I don't know anyone else who can match that level of superstition
Distrusting your government has nothing to do with it.
too many useless carbs
eh, either one) is not really your strong suit huh
Seven
It wasn't the largest empire *in Europe* It was big, sure, but most of it was elsewhere.
Problem was, they used different units of measurement and couldn't agree on what a pound was, so to resolve their differences, they drove a fat, naked hag atop a hill of lard, and pushed her down
The term is dying out, however, as everybody these days says "have sex", probably due to the influence of American media/pop culture
In the fine art sphere, I love Hamburger Bahnhof - amazing museum
60, tres: tre + sinde + tyve - meaning 3 times 20
I fish and thus have on rare occasions had a knife (<5 cm) for cleaning.
Kittel (Swedish) = kettle
Also danish language is mandatory on all levels in danish schools while English education starts when you like 12 years old
Almost never happens due to the Danes' ability to spot other Danes from a mile away
Thanks for explaining
This also annoys me to great extents
I believe you can have exactly one lastname
That's up to the courts and legislators.
We have what we call the rotten banana which is the west coast of Jutland
Ahh, yes
Love and sorrow from me to my norwegian brothers and sisters
I can switch back and forth pretty easy
That's all fine,  but then why just "U" the first time
I know there are other things going on, but I am genuinely shocked that a party calling themselves the Conservative Party and ostensibly representing the gentry would even consider letting such a buffoon even join - let alone elect him leader
I don't want to be tied to one perticular company
The moment she interferes with politics is the moment we become a republic.
They are for the most parts though
The article is well meant, but I think that the economic argument builds on a fallacy.
I think you're confusing prestige with leading a certain field
I always love learning about new etymological links, so thanks for sharing
That's quite a generous concession.
You've succeeded
Eslali
The wording that the parliament was presented for insinuated the law was written on background of evaluation from the Health Authorities
It always surprises me how often Danes end up taking roles playing all other Northern nationalities
In fact, we've drained so much water since then that I personally grew up on a piece of reclaimed land that didn't previously exist 200 years ago
But, if you want to make a list that doesn't count countries within the kingdom, then I agree
Pretty sure it was changed to accommodate the current monarch
Wouldn't it be better for Greece (in the long run) to leave the eurozone anyhow?
I guess he was mad that he missed, and my friend did not
Oh, no, I meant how Pattesutter is supposed to be bad
So it's just so much more scenic
Nah, when he unwrapped it, he probably had the picture taken right on time.
Joking
There is no wild unrestricted immigration from the world to Europe.
They are bedsteforældre
I have no idea, i find it kinda silly really haha
Our situation is not like Greece
Jeg vil skide raseri over det hele på dig og du vil drukne i det
Read the EU's book of law, it should be on Article #1255432457325, §235368734673.
Not all countries have nationally issued ID cards.
BJ becomes PM
And then he said “Danish sounds like someone is speaking with a potato in their mouth
Erdogan wouldn't do that because Erdogan has built up an image as a savior of Syria with the expensive publicity camps (Remember those m8?) and his invasion of Syria accompanied by statements that he'll depose Assad in favor of I suppose a democratic government.
And the pro-independence folks in Scotland are generally also pro-EU, right
Save a long vertical space for leechs, in that way you can clear multiple rows at once
But you simply never go there
Same with me and German, I'd always use English words in the German oral exams
"Agurketid"
In Denmark I think it was Rema1000 who said they would sell masks for 3,5 dkr which is under 0,5 eur - and then all of the other supermarkets matched that price but its not state regulated
Yes, no go zones are the popular term for vulnerable areas, where emergency services are in high risk of being attacked
The iron curtain
Same in Danish
Liquorice, especially the salt and salmiak kind has always been popular in Denmark.
You forgot the Faroese vikings.
* Sex with the hat on - cut a triangle in the cap
And alternatively, but not less stereotypically, we count potatoes
r/Denmark would like to remind r/De that we supply 5 million germans with
I always thought it was about just cooking, but in hindsight I remember there being washing machines too
BIER
So you dont get hot girls drinking Coca Cola - totally coca cola’s fault
It's probably worth mentioning that I am from Denmark hahahaha.
I live at 55° now which isn't as bad as the 70° back in Greenland
>Lovforslaget har endelig til formål at fastsætte ordningen for beslutningen og gennemførelse af en beslutning om Grønlands selvstændighed
And too much time, if I ever get to be a tourist in Russia I wouldn't want to have my travelling plans dictated by world cup schedule.
The facade and large parts of it are made of stone
The short version: You can defend yourself with the same force as you're receiving
Yes, Austria isn't rooted in Latin - it's a rendering of the Germanic word *Ostarrîchi* into Latin
Until they come to gas you ;)
Once I was standing in line at my university's cantine and one of the dishes on the menu that day were tarteletter
That is true, there was that conflict back in the day between whether it should be a "confederate" state where the states have far more power or a federated state where there is a federal state that has it's own responsibilities
UK is benefitting from the EU(What happens when your currency drops...), but is also being harmed from all the talks of leaving.
As long as you're not going to some small village in the countryside you should be just fine with English.
I live in a community with a lot of Turkish immigrants, and eventhough they mostly support Erdoğan, it seems they are still very fond of Atatürk
I wonder if the British know that when they're acting like this, they're making Theresa May seem like she the most sane and realistic that they have to offer
You could had gold-plated ABBA with that kinda money
I totally bought into the “Romance languages are pretty, Germanic languages are ugly” stereotype
Cliff Richard
Sucks enough to pay to cross the bridge
Julius Schaub lifts up his reich arm, moves very close to Hilter and whispers ["Mein Führer, look at all thiz
But it has still been a bit more than extreme here, we already got more "summerdays" than the past 3 years i think
For instance STEM Universities may be easier to get in to than antropology or midwife or psychology but it is based on popularity and not academic complexity
And what should Denmark use
Hvorfor kan du ikke lide det
The reason you find it harder to understand is because you have more exposure to Stockholm Swedish, not because Skånsk is more different from Danish
Your kindergarten-tier education of your own country's history really does not impress.
It's some weird inferior syndrome I guess, which might also apply to the stupid people, you have met
If economic trouble comes (again) and it becomes favorable to pursue a different interest policy than what the ECB have, then you just do it
Just like he did when he was alive
Isn't it also like the only island in Slovenia
How is Renzis dialect, is it very "Tuscany" like?
, I was happy to discover the 20 kr
It's contradictory to be both.
&#x200B;
Like: My friend smells really bad, to him soap is a town in Russia
It's really really hard to honestly dispute either of these claims about him.
Obviously not
Denmark, Danmark, close enough.
Edit: And Nyhavn
Can't do hate speech against white men.
Not really, but a trebuchet is mandatory equipment when appraising a house
though i dont recall how often they gotta pass
Yeah it's not true, /r/Sweden is pretty balances between left and right wing opinions.
North Korea isn’t really socialist though, and definitely not democratically socialist
>he blamed Brexit uncertainty for his decision to drop plans to build a research and development base in the UK, which will now also go to Germany
[M/S Maritime Museum of Denmark] build at an old shipyard, really cool location next to [Kronborg Castle] (Hamlet
By second language you mean a language that is unintelligible to natives
Hej and hi sounds too familiar
I already mentioned Denmark
cities like Sorø and Nakskov are really dying cities
I would say the divide is growing in Denmark
I'm surprised though, I probably got maybe 90-95% of what the woman was saying, and I've never been to Langeland
> Copenhagen is sitting on the edge of our country,
So, they are doing well what they do
[Primarily a good thing]
Not the city but part of it; Nørrebro in Copenhagen
It's one of the most humane forms of execution.
And yet people keep voting for his party
Edit:  she says it around 3 seconds
In which case they should be training with the weapon that they'll be carrying around in the field
Edit: The four Danish opt-outs
*mumbles* Rød grød med fløde, haters *mumbles*
And also a little poem I was taught by a chinese classmate
For me, I’ve always felt it as [“don’t brag”] rather than “you should hate yourself”.
I'm agnostic and so are many of my friends, but religion is seldom something that we discuss
We aren't gonna fight
Just like Americans identifying as something that their ancestors were does not make them that
That was also my first introduction to "true" Indian cooking, as well as the insane complexity of the Israeli/Palestinian problem
This was quickly followed by talks of reparations, some whining about their financial situation and random accusations of racism
I don't know how to translate it to English, but for a couple of generations ago, you had to have permission to address people directly, and if you didn't have that permission, you would be politely but sternly told that you weren't that close, and to keep a social distance
Result: Danish chickens are considered salmonella free and therefore there is no warning against using raw eggs in food for people who are in normal health
Svækling in Danish
they're just sometimes kind of stupid
Imagine the culture of r/dankmemes (being overly stupid) coupled with broken, directly translated words
The hunter in this clip is also a good example:
Well, Denmark's "birth certificate" was literally written in stone in the around 950 AD whereas the Sweden as we know it today was born with Vasa as you point out
My Aalborg friends jokingly use ‘drengeren’ all the time
I absolutely love that you included the oil rig Sealand
"Unlike spears, nuclear bombs are only good to sit on". Unfortunately I can't remember who said it anymore
So disappointed in the danish MEPs
What Mediterranean beers have you seen in that sort of glasses
” mean the same as “det er super
When danish people insult norwegian people, they call them "mountain monkey"
Like a strange disconnect
Well it's not exactly like Denmark played great football in those matches either
10 times better then the fox-piss Karat kaffe
Overall I feel the EU is a great positive force and is happy to pay
Sweden got the credit
Fun
No offence, I love you guys just as much as I love the swedes, probably even a little more
With *gift* you might have to do some grammatical finagling to get a pun to work
Every year, thousands of danes go to Germany to shop at the border because it's cheaper down there
Alright my bad
Solen = The sun, is Together-gender, and so is Månen = The moon
My life is a lie
No one claims that Heineken or Carlsberg are local delicacies or whatever.
1: People, mostly the older generation, who never learned much English, as children, and therefore speak it quite poorly, and of course, with a strong Danish accent
Normally I'd say we still have a small beef with Norway regarding our oil, but I'll drop it for a nice invasion of Sweden to tell them that they vastly overreacted after that *one* small bloodbath in 1520.
Swedish is quite understandable but u gotta give it a thought sometimes
Looking at a map would achieve much the same
And for the love of God, murder TikTok, and salt the earth
I had somehow got the impression that it was a century of occupation, tops
Scandinavian, no
Probably, but I'm guessing it's not common at all
I would say that these are all decent people, even if you might disagree with them
Edit: Not only on top
I have been surrounded by all sorts of people during my lifetime, including many people who I don't like.
" In Danish and pointing at the rear of the woman in front of them
No, it's not
Happy googling
First free roaming and now this!
Typically you pay a monthly fee or a 1 time fee for the year/season and then you pay a bit of money for ammo each time (just a small amount since .22LR doesn't cost much) and then they have competitions once in a while where kids from across the country compete in it
We have hjemkundsskab too
Jeg er trænet i krisehåndtering og jeg er den bedste kageudslætter i hele hjemmeværnet
If i remember correctly its on the mouth
77 would be syvoghalvfjerds(-indstyvene) = "seven-and-half-fours(-times-twenty)"
Dude, don't even mention that to the Swedes
He is everywehre in documentaries right now, he made DR's Danish History one a few years ago, and also the Reunion with Sønderjylland one this year
You do new things if it makes sense, we discuss it endlessly and nothing happens
Could be
what if catalonia becomes independent (civil war)
Not at all, but it's important to understand that the essence of living in Denmark is that you need to help the country if you want to country to help you
I was to dumbfounded to try to explain the difference between the Danish realm and Denmark proper.
Anything with Remoulade tbh
I had some issues with some persistent pain in my uterus and wanted to book an appointment with a gynecologist, but was told they had a 9 week waiting list
The EU is tired of the unstable situation as it creates uncertainty in the financial world
Top of /r/europe
* "Så er den ged barberet" ( now that goat is shaved) - Means that you finished/complete a task
I can tell that they have a different dialect than mine obviously but I can easily understand them.
Yeah, it's our newest, most expensive artillery
I have a lot of family in the southern part of Jylland, that came under German occupation in 1864
Finally caught the Russian version of Rasmus Paludan lol
Since it's not compulsory here, and we still have turnouts close to 90%, my immediate reaction is to say it's unnecessary.
Every ship who wanted to get in or out of the Baltic Sea through Øresund had to pay a fee to the danish crown
It's always nice when these kinda projects go great, and find support in the community
I don't see why that's a problem.
>And there's the politician who wanted electronic ankle bracelets on children who live in the ghettos, but not other children, which would disproportionally affect Danish children born to immigrants
English starts in 2nd, and we can choose either French or German (usually) in 5th.
In Denmark I think it’s because 1) we just don’t do written exams and tests as much as other countries, oral exams are just as common and only start in your teen years anyway, and 2) they would literally throw you out if they caught you cheating
There are no limitations on how long an Australian PM can govern for, if they can keep winning elections and keeping their party in line.
Yes, I don't understand 90% of what my swedish friend says in swedish, but on text it's pretty similar tbh
TIL that there are different decks of cards
And what prevents me from lying is being a decent and honest person
It looks as if it turned into a frozen library from a live one
Do you have a link for the real number?
> But the the law doesn't stipulate anything regarding a certain technology
Despite the hopeless name and the hopeless advertising, it was introduced with much fanfare, very aggressive marketing, and a sponsorship of the national football team, which was a big deal in 1992 after Denmark's victory in the UEFA European Championship the same year.
Thanks, I guess
So all in all, there are many broad similarities - it's in the details we differ
The Libertarian Anarcho Capitalistic Socio-commune of Scotland
Making internet companies liable will enhance rights holders’ chances (notably musicians, performers and script authors, as well as news publishers and journalists) to secure fair licensing agreements, thereby obtaining fairer remuneration for the use of their works exploited digitally
Ingen årsag makker
German for sure
And it seems a lot of your fellow Swedes in this comments section put them in the fridge as well
It was a very Danish sorta thing, only got to be one of the 8 countries in the championship because Yugoslavia had more pressing things to deal with in the early 90s.
It used to be mandatory when you entered certain sectors that you had to join the corresponding union, but not anymore
**Home Cooking and easy healthy options**, was most certainly rare in the US
Please tell me how so I don't accidentally do it
Fun fact: Himmelbjerget isn't even the tallest "mountain" in Denmark
YES
Thanks for correcting that
Naaaah
They *do* spend a lot of money here, though, so it's all fine
But there would probably be pearl-clutching, because surely you can't portray a character with such views and not have them be a one-dimensional villain
We call them "nisser". I rember once feeding the one that lived on the loft of our barn
Something always bothered me about that design
In denmark we have that too with the “normal” rules
There are a lot more because an exotic look appeals to pale skinned Danes.
Ahem
I feel you're just massively overreacting, as I'm confident that the amount of people who actual are "nazis" don't make up any significant part of the population, just like any other extremist view
Poland has so much potential
If your are talking about fraud then no.
This is also only the case for English-speaking countries
Not normal to be honest, the coin says what year it was minted on the back side.
There’s not even an arbitrary rule where you can say “oh most animals are x and fruits are y”
If you have more computing power at home than a superpower did 50 years ago, has that nothing to do with economics?
But all those *other* forms of cultural appropriation?
Sønderjylland is the most nationalist part of the country
Artistic expression, alcohol and urine go hand in hand.
I highly doubt that a biological reasercher only makes 1800 euro per month, in any country
Greenland is so hot right now </fifth element meme>
40%
Mange pølsevogne sælger dog gerne kradsere hvis man spørger, men man skal være forberedt på at blive afvist
Corfitz Ulfeldt married the kings daughter, got in a fight with the new king, his brother in law, defected to Sweden and helped them during the disastrous 1658 war that led to a loss of Scania
I have about 5 variations of "9/11" added as filters since around this time of year, my feed seems to get clogged up with posts about it and it's kind of exhausting
No, as long as you can drive safely [it's okay
Marx is only the "greatest theorists of class struggle" (to borrow from a Bolshevik vocabulary), but he wasn't the "greatest class struggler", despite some people's attempts to paint him as such
There is no reason to believe that Trump understood the golf course wall any better
I will never support a distribution scheme and neither will most Danes.
EU is such a great thing, but those against it only pick those places that could be better instead of all the great things that EU does
No idea tbh, it might not even exist
Those noisy, hot and cramped trains are some of the worst I have tried
I recall "dreng" being one of those names a few years back
Although it's not quite on the same scale, don't you guys still have plenty of monuments from the 1864 war against Denmark?
I don't know how many more beta runs people require, before they admit that this communist ideology simply doesn't work well in the real world
Der Spiegel is not a state controlled media, hence not propaganda.
Are the other 4 some variations of the word "perkele"?
The language in the *Guide to Inclusive Languages* "includes some suggestions to support gender equality".
[“It was fascinating to me that they could pour half-liters that fast,” he says
Denmark without a doubt
It is harder but no not that much harder
I also picked up some asthma medicine, and while it's eligible for rebates, it's still like 100 euro for 3 months dose
Haven’t been there since I was a kid
We need the big countries like France and Germany to start to pay up as well as other rich countries like Finland and Belgium, that are not contributing (net) very much
Ay Norwegian weren't alone, this was a group effort
Nothing personal, I can only extrapolate from my own experience.
The US, Australia and others are also included.
Yeah, Denmark too
The rapefugee thing on Sweden is not really a joke, as much as it is a extremist talking point based on misinformation
I once saw a viral post about them getting government support money for studying in university
Al Qaeda was originally sponsored by the US to fight against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan
Also, lovely building
It's been nothing but scandals pretty much.
The potato thing is actually something i mostly only hear swedes say
Schweiz - Switzerland
You'd never find a true Dane enjoying the weather — it's always too cold, too hot, too wet, too dry, etc
My english teacher, when I went to my efterskole, was british
The 1st of may, labour day
I love all of these but we need one from Sjælland and one from Jylland, I just can't vibe with that city view, that's not my Denmark ;)
They also did it with a bit of cheek - whereas The Prince and Me takes itself about as seriously as a romcom can
Whitest Boy Alive ️
And the heart has nearly stopped
Communism has repeatedly failed that test of any system
It was a horrible trip home
It is in the interest of the EU to punish the UK for leaving the union, it is as simple as that.
Edited for clarity
Instead of being stuck in inner city trafic, you can just work while your car drives you from a rural place to the city
I started wearing hiking boots everyday for I never knew where my feet would take me
In that case it's not really a day of remembrance but a celebration of freedom I'd say
Both are mentioned in the Sagas
Did you [try to google it
I agree with you on most besides the last point - that unions are especially powerful in Denmark
I might wish that they chose not to charge as much as they are, but if the law that is supposed to stop them, doesn't actually stop them, then the fault is in the law and with its authors.
Denmark has been one of the happiest countries, but also one of the biggest consumers of antidepressants
A newt and a salamander are also both just called "salamander" in Danish
The fact that they also arrive in groups of like 20-30 doesn't exactly help the case
Welcome fellow Greater Copenhagener :-)
We have the highest share of wind in the grid and one of the highest rates of reliability in Europe
So the idea that big project boost local economy doesn't hold up when you just import workers, and in the documentary they then also focussed on how it made it less safe for other workers.
lol
A lot of people have to pay ridiculous fees for texting and calling internationally.
It's one of the reasons why we're so happy
Yellow based
When swedes and norwegians insult danish people, they call them "danish devil".
Doesn't look like anything to me
Salt is a mineral tho, spices come from plants
People will happily drive alone to work in their 1 ton+ car using most energy on other stuff than moving their body from a to b.
....  The BMA considers that    the evidence concerning health benefit from  non-therapeutic   circumcision  is insufficient for this alone to be a  justification for   doing it
I want a house at some point, a garden, things like that
So business as usual, life will just suck more for especially young people in the UK
Well yeah, I know
Denmark was the fourth biggest slave traders in the 1700’s and after WW2 we forced german POW to clean up our beaches from mines and most of them were 15-16 years
000 pro-democracy protesters march and we hardly hear about it
Places like Poland despite the numbers that left has grown slowly to around 38 million, so there has to be some birth rate increase given the number of poles that we hear have left...
No party in Denmark is against good conditions for working people, and certainly no party is against the welfare state
Experience from Denmark is stricter drunk driving laws had little effect.
It’s a requirement that Danish teens get this experience
Yeah but they have other desserts other than biscuits like ice cream sundaes and jelly and pretty good milkshakes, so we aren't missing out
I've also been told that it's possible to speed up viewing if you're behind, or rewind if there was something you just missed.
I like how you're calling /u/eshwilk out on 'fake news' and propaganda while you're intentionally misconstruing his argument to garner support elsewhere (and failing that, even).
>§1
The best compromise is always when everybody is unhappy about something
Yet Norway is vastly bigger and more resource-rich than either the Faroes or Greenland, and comparing them is silly
As if anyone gives two shits about who saves them from drowning or about that person's political views.
Haven't seen that one anywhere else
50, halvtreds: halvtredje + sinde + tyve - meaning 2½ times 20
Bendt BENDTSEN (Christian shill)
According to google, it's translated to "cold buttermilk soup".
Another 1000 liters of Milk
the "doing fine" part is just them not freaking out over it because there's nothing wrong with it.
Denmark; no, not really
You can't help but to notice the flags on officiel buildings on flag days
Nynorsk reflects the dialects of norwegians more, and bokmåls is more similar to danish writing.
Actually twenty also means two tens, so it's not that different
How fuckin dare you
Those Russian women are a piece of art themselves, while the men are...
the Nordic people can probably seem cold or "rude".
Well there's this law, that I dont know if its still in effect but nonetheless
I could bring up several issues for people that were around 70 years ago, but there wouldn't really be a point.
English and one of those other languages are mandetory in ground school
The Danish 'kanel snegl' gang
No cell service, no obligations, and practically no people
Imo that is still a poor argument
None of those countries are European
Swedes are like kryptonite to the Danes :(
I hope that the european interpretation of that rethoric does not apply here.
No bail and no bounty - the government shouldn't potentially make money of their citizens being arrested, for very logical reasons
I haven't been there so have never heard it
And then some smaller black model that I can't find on their website, I think it's meant for cutting hair
This is why, as regards peace-making, the singularly most effective piece of construction is not, and has never been, the bridge
It's about the ending of a big show
Maybe the Opium Wars are not something we should proudly exhibit as a Chinese failure, when it's pretty clear that the West was in the wrong here
The most important aspect of any economic or political system is the actual real world application
Fyrretyve actually means '4 tens". In old nordic it was  'fjórir tigir', and that developed into fyrretyve through history
Rebæk Søpark (think that's what it's called) is the ugliest building in the country IMO
That does not make it common practice!
Thorning didn't have much of a choice.
Also I didn't mean it as an accusation more of a check
I feel like it is the perfect compromise between Danish and Norwegian, and I'm fairly convinced it's the most commonly intelligible language between Danish, Norwegian and Swedish
If its public land you paid for it as much as you paid for the road
What is Denmark’s? It’s dark green but no number
Danish keyboards simply follow the alphabet (Æ Ø Å), so there's little reason to the change the order
[please don't link directly to Google]
Personally though, I wouldn't mind a strong Germany to defend Europe.
It makes me feel like I’m cursed with an ugly language somehow
Loooks like they need all the gas themselves
Most people start drinking somewhere in between 7th-9th grade, and by the time you hit high school, there are gonna be parties pretty much every 7-14 days
Haha, because US dealings in the middle east has created exactly zero refugees?
Oh, just the millions of people who died in wars driven by nationalism.
But sure, if you just returned from Hungary where a beer is 2€ and you come home and pay 7€ for the same beer (and Denmark has cheaper alcohol than the rest of Scandinavia) it sucks
>Imagine having a mission blowing up a biker gang's clubhouse with rocket launchers
Love the idea and execution
Did the fairly contemptuous reception Cameron got from Brussels when attempting to gain reform of the EU cause his downfall?
And we wouldn't be able to agree on a language.
Rundbold in Danish, love it its abselutely amazing
It would shock me to see such widespread poverty (and not least, child poverty) in a developed western country.
The fact that 2,8% beer exists in the first place is a crime against humanity
in the Netherlands for example, they do NOT use this treatment at the factory, and thus the fridge is actually having the opposite effect
Do we know what happened to her
All in all that's a story in itself, but what really made it stand out was the fact that the same person who had initially tested my luggage when flying into London was the same person who tested it when flying out again some days later
Hugo må ikke hugge (Hugo is not allowed to "take/swipe")
I also have a hard time spelling the word "definitely" so in general, I try to avoid using it - often rephrasing sentences to do so
1990
Why would Australians blame Siemens just because they deliver technology to an Indian owned coal mine in Australia
They work under the prime minister
You don't "choose to move on from the controversy" that's not how controversy works, it doesn't stop when you decide you no longer want it
Usually private with funding from state funds.
How do you feel about Vestager demanding that Ireland reclaims unpaid taxes from Apple?
Vikings are back in town, pick up the bone  we finna be in Vineland in a minute
Aw man, you're getting me all worked up on those slavic girls.
My dad: kids
I reeally wanted to hear them live again.
obviously they'll always "stick out" among Danes
You have so much to live for
Denmark has a few companies that are technically owned by the state but operates as independent companies without political oversight and direct control.
Some Americans have gotten the idea that they'll be treated better if they pretend to be Canadian.
Now that I don't bike to school every day and therefore aren't getting sweaty, I shower every 4-5th day or when my hair feels dirty
on the radio yesterday morning, they had a professor in biodiversity on
Even the name "Rus" originally referred to Swedish vikings, from an Old Norse word related to rowing
Swedish minister of immigration admit to lying about rape statistics
We understand why, it's human psychology
But only after i have finished all of my education here and gotten a good chunk of work experience under my belt
(I'm half Icelandic, half Danish)
Does he say *why* he wants to do that?
We're talking about the entirety of western and northern europe for about roughly 50 years give or take.
Speaking as a Dane, our film industry have always struggled and primarily survived on state funding
Longest suspension bridge in Europe is Storebælt in Denmark
Some time ago I spoke with a Norwegian guy in a bar, and first I didn't understand him at all.
What happens to Buckethead
But it *is* consistent
They usually don’t ask for ID when the worker is young as well
Being from Randers I can't say I've ever found the jokes about Randers more lighthearted than about Lolland  In fact for those 8 years I lived in Copenhagen I've met more people who actually believed all the jokes were true, than I've met people who joked about it lighthearted
I mean it's not like 'edgy' shooting threats are posted on 4chan several times a day or anything /s.
For mig er du intet andet end endnu et fartøj, som skal ryddes af vejen
Outside of a few, in Danish we generally keep the same word for the city as in their respective countries' native language
But if there is one thing we Danes have to deal with, it is having the most unpronounceable language in the world
I bought a 200 gram piece of parmesan the other day
If only there was some neighboring countries that already solved this
Because economic growth is very much related to the climate crisis
We have no islands next to Antarctica, Norway has
In apartments in larger cities, it's similar to everywhere else in that you don't usually have much to do with your neighbors
Later this got too much since we had stopped being a heavy farming country and so they made "Store Bededag" (Grand Prayers Day) which is essentially a mix of all the many holidays we had in April, May and early June
Perfection
Hele deres ide med slet ikke at lukke ned, kan jeg slet ikke forstå. Men danmark bliver nok også ramt af en anden bølge også må vi se hvor vi ender henne på skalaen, men tvivler stærkt vi overhaler svenskerne
Kauder is derived from the town in Switzerland that is now "Chur", so basically Kaudervælsk is just the romansh language
"Capital of Sweden"
Japan and the EU are moving closer in a time where USA is actively trying to distance itself from everyone, which is fucking dangerous in the long run
3rd: drink alcohol
I find most countries' history interesting, but I definitely find European & East Asian the most interesting
Then he was kicked out of Denmark, and later imprisoned for more than 25 years when he returned
I just wish that your politicians would stop tampering with the democratic institutions
Thoughts and prayers
Lolland - drug addiction, petty crime, post-industrial depression
Norway was in an even worse position to hold onto it, so the presumption that it would've had any lasting impact is one hell of an assumption
The wolf-dog castle family originally came from Norway and invaded Normandy alongside [Rollo the Viking] who they shared a grandfather with (they were descendents of Rollo's father's brother)
It won't, people will judge you on you're character not weather you are called Aladin or Håkan.
The best part of this is that the TV station made a debate program to discuss this issue.
Same for us
Yes
Seems people soon forget that fact when they see a poll they might agree with.
Or maybe people just don't give a shit until they're run over by a bicycle.
The daughters are safe tho
Just above the Wadden sea, we along the west coast - we get sand dunes
Thank you
Whenever I see stuff like this I can't help but wonder if these kids even knows their mom
I thought he moved to New Zealand
German puts the 1s before the 10s (three and thirty = 33), that's silly, let's do that
yeah but look how your country ended up
"Vemod" or to be "vemodig" is a curious Danish word that describes a sort of happy sad feeling
-datter
Is there a problem just to drive back to Bulgaria?
We'll still buy your sniper rifles
I understand that it raised some debate when the zoo animals' union succeeded in negotiating three months of paid maternity leave for rodents
This then translates onto sidewalks too, for some reason
Technically Greenland can't be on the list, since it is an autonomous region, not an independent country
The French people or their number system
North Sea empire, since it was literally one of the last flags before Dannebrog
It's great, I buy a can when I see one
Because you took one of the most retarded decisions in the history of your country
She was really nice and we ended up chit chatting a lot, but then I realized how rude it actually was
\*Looks to pile of explosives Danishly\*
If you pay VAT on an item purchased within the EU I'm fairly certain you don't have to pay it again when you bring it home.
So he was included in everything he wanted to be included in
Ahhhh I see, didn’t read it carefully enough
Just this year, the UK showed itself to be incredibly self-destructive, isolationist, and led by incompetent politicians and driven by racism.
Well, the ban can come after he has served his second three month prison sentance
Also notice how it's the opinion of one person and the US disagree
Poor, poor, England
If they stayed neutral in spite of reality, are they really doing their job?
I have greek friends who are financially independent (could rent a flat or even buy a house) but are expected to live with their family until he marries and starts his own
People have opininos about US politics in a way they would never have about the internal politics of another country - I would say that for the average Dane, the US political system is familiar but the one in neighboring Germany, a very important country, is quite obscure in comparison
was gonna say, this is really crisp video
murica
For young people most parties seem to be BYOB
Edit: Saw another alresdy posted exactly this
I just wondered why they chose this spelling when writing in english
There was simply nothing of value on Iceland, and they could barely support living there
Thanks for that, nice illustration.
Do people in countries with single-payer healthcare and "free" college feel like they're paying too much in tax?
In the morning rush hours, the Shinkansen are so packed that some people have to stand up for long stretches
Except they are not
Wait are you telling me I have been lied to
None, but the Roman Empire never really got all the way up to Denmark as far as I know
They are going to keep buying marijuana wether it is from the state or some illegal environment, so why not make it into something the state can gain from, instead of some local druglord somewhere
Also be prepared to let the r be a growl and to stick your tongue out for the d in brød. Brød is horrible word for foreigners
Yep
He didn't forget
Germany wasn’t at fault for WW1 alone
The Polish army was "slow" to leave Jutland after the Swedes got kicked out and not only did they rob the farmers they also brought typhoid killing a lot more than the Swedish invaders did
“Alcohol at 16
If you're living at home and working a full time job, you may be expected to at least pay some symbolic amount every month so you'll learn how things "in the real world" actually function
if it's like denmark then the threats are mostly about not showing up for work, which is a perfectly legitimate tool and understandable if youre not happy with what the other side is offering.
But somehow you accidentally ended up asking about why the EU did something the EU never actually did instead?
The idea that every local group and nation *must* have their own independent state is just plain silly
That could possibly be a part of the problem in some circumstances but I remember reading that women in more egalitarian societies are more likely to choose low paying jobs etc.
Someone booking a three month trip to South America all alone is similarly seen as slightly weird by many
He used to say:
Otherwise we also know alot about how  the earliest part of the Iron Age in Scandinavia divided between the Pre-Roman Iron Age and the Roman Iron age
I am old for reddit and live in Nordjylland
Here I think the cheapest fare(like in town) is like €2
> Public nudity and sexual openness
They've got a lot of good people working there and do some great studies too
This is true, and is still an issue that is being debated hotly
I folkeskolen er det mere fordi underviserne ikke mener det er nødvendigt/interessant og selv føler det er noget de ikke kan finde ud af
It has Lithuanian and Polish wares
They are not really the best, sure, but definitely less of a train wreck that was the previous government.
Of course it's better than the open markets
*I wonder why*
As we saw with Trump, it basically doesn't do *anything*.
The UN
I honestly care very little where the EU capital is located but I don't see any reason to move it from Brussels.
Stiu, norog
Sweden deserve only the loudest of booing
Seven dollars a MONTH
That's how you conquer the world properly: Be such a great place to live that people *want* to be part of it
Well I don't think there's really anything that I know of and would be interested in buying that costs 1 kr
The worst part is when they came out and said it couldn't run in cold weather
looks like a camp for worker drones
I've heard the claim before, but do you have any credible citation for this claim that Bacha Bazi were less widespread under the Taliban?
- Things such as services, clothes and food, especially restaurants, are expensive
It was a group of young people and I honestly thought they were speaking some dialect of German, because it sounded so harsh and ugly
When I lived in the UK for an exchange they showed us that campaign at sixth form - they also showed another one with a group of girls, where baby dies
Some people also were very curious of me working, so they spent their break talking to me
A Cantonese swear
Sure, you’re the little brother of the family
I actually flew BA in October 2016 to LAX and back again and thought it was quite nice, but then again at this point I'm used to no legroom, no service, no nothing
The only time i personally wear clothes with logos on is when i exercise
Denmark has some pretty dank local museums
They speak super slow
If you want to find people getting scammed by Three-card Monte games, random vendors selling worthless plastic toys, pickpockets, the occasional beggar, and/or awful street performers, definitely head for Strøget
Just walk over to the crying person in the front of the line over there
Please don't put us in the same box as the Swedes
3 blue lions with crowns on and 9 hearts and i've got no idea which i would pick to actually represent us maybe a beer but thats more german than danish by far.
I suppose there is not need in arguing semantics, or even ideologies
Denmark has a big export to UK
German is considered a "main foreign language" and about 47% of Danes speak at least low level German
To a Scandinavian, Icelandic spelling makes perfect sense
I have never had that problem to be frank
It's a kind of throaty effect on some words as it's phonemic in speech: _billigst_ (cheapest) vs _billist_ (car user) only really differ because of _stød_ as the G is silent
Is that Beethoven's 9th that I hear
No, ganja means cannabis here
my parents used to speak german to my
Political integration *always* means cultural integration
John gik gennem en mørk skov til et værtshus kun for at finde ud af, at han har glemt hans penge
They just ignored Denmark
>Europe
>The “exclusive” and expensive Voss water
We used to have those small town schools too
It definitely has
What about him
Me and my girl went there on our first vacation together there, and it's beautiful and cosy
When I was on vacation in Portugal it was a *very* dry heat though
On many houses they have hung up a sign if a famous/influential person lived there
I think it's within a couple of percent of a bunch of other EU countries, isn't it?
Never Sweden tho
> Armenian–Azerbaijani War
Having an E number means the additive was approved for use within the EU.
Everybody always says Danish is the most beautiful language they've ever heard
Depends on the context I'd say.
I will post updates along the way
Why should the citizens fund the development of a company with private purposes?
_God_, I wish we would have more fist-banging, high-yelling principled politicians who actually believed in their beliefs, instead of politicians posting about their morning runs or home baked bread on Instagram
Just put them in reeducation camps then they will love the EU
In Denmark, an authors copyrights expire 70 years after their death
On a side note, making me reflect on my day and counting asians as if they're particularly different made me feel dirty, thanks OP :P
The potato thing is actually something i mostly only hear swedes say
CBS
Danes are very private people
Congratulations on a great voter turnout, and a democratic process that is nearing completion
When I went to Istanbul oh holiday our hotel was just by the blue mosque
You may say hi them if you see them on the stairs and can recognize them, but often not more than that
At least that's how it is for us Danes.
Aha I wouldn't bat an eye to a construction worker drinking a regular beer
Are you saying that there are people in the world that don't like the true lord and savior?
Its not atractive to be so white you might as well be transparent
Denmark is sandy beaches, friendly people, clean air/water, bike culture, amazing food, architecture, all hygge and no drama
It's like the people who want coffee that tastes of cola, berries, beer etc
Yeah, just like we in Denmark had a problem with a guy from the Middle East/Africa (can't remember the exact location), where he hid in Denmark because he had tortured people in his home country.
I was still annoyed at the previous price increase when they raised it the most recently
Macron is much more (neo)-liberal than Fillon.
Be it for the individual person or a group
Education gap in the world is also record low - most learn to read and write.
You do understand PostNord is mostly run by Swedes in the mother company PostNord AB
When I'm at clients my drive varies from 30 minutes to several hours
Sweden: getting our dog
Then people just don't throw them away.
The only thing that's quite clear to me personally, as someone who is a centrist in Denmark,  is that communism isn't one of those ways forward
Welp bye
I don't know a single person who has ever mentioned craft beer (well, adult anyway.) and I'm in the 30-40 age group myself.
Also - The little mermaid here in CPH
But when actually measuring the lengths of the realtors "stone throws", the average length have increased from 153 meters in 2010 to 239 meters in 2012
Most people, like myself, takes the license but have no car the first couple of years untill they get a proper job etc :)
* German: 40 % (I understand the gist of it, but not much more than that - I took German classes in primary school, but admittedly I forgot most of it, so almost all of my German skills derive from vacations in Germany where I've read restaurant menus, museum signage etc
Næsehorn (Nose horn) - Rhino
We say ones before tens as well
oopsie
Guys, I think we ruined wrong country in Gulf War
I think, that's very sweet :)
Maybe :-) anyway that was many years ago.
I have seen elder care homes recieve large inheritances, but not the church
they see the benefits of liberalism
Did you get to hear your melody
Of course we want to imitate him
What do you mean
I thought the Swedish national pizza was the one with Bearnaise sauce on top
I mean sure, humanity would then have lots of time to colonize space or invent weather machines or something crazy, but our environment will then be literally on the clock, and there's nothing we can do to reverse that kind of damage
Aesthetically pleasing, sure, but those seats that can only fit 1,5 person are a strange design
Not in Denmark, that's for sure
Is this from outside of the court
Probably worth it all
That is a weird way of saying mountain-monkies
It's the moisture and sun
Or Hillerød, almost 50 km from Copenhagen but the same prices for housing as most of Copenhagen as well
Like a strange disconnect
Merrild kaffe best everyday coffee in Denmark
And it's not co, dzieje, sie or o.
While that’s true, they were born to said Muslim migrants
I don't really care about the Christmas creep, though it puzzles me that the people who complain about it don't seem to realize that they're the ones keeping it alive
It could've been Gátalypso
I asked her “må jeg betale
In an American context I would call them more "racist moderate biased", but you're not wrong
In the rest of the balkans you could get quality green easily.
We could take some time, and hygge.
From almost 25 million cubic meters in 2005 to below 10 today
I wonder if they are called respirators in Kenya, or whether this article was picked up from a foreign news agency that wasn't aware of the difference
Ribe, oldest town in Denmark, dating back to the 8th century
The German dialects are considered dialects of one language because of politics
stop giving in to group pressure
Never sleep with my blinds down
That's how politics generally works.
I actually love our cuisine in general, despite being a huge food lover
Yes, there are some old castle vibes there
The amount of casual speakers is growing at a bigger rate every day due to the internet
Well everybody has interest and right now they seem to be aligned with Russia, it doesn't have to last but at the moment it's a mutual interest.
terror has gone up in recent years.
Sailing from Frederikshavn (Denmark) to Oslo (Norway)
There are some key point one can point to - the overall public and political acceptance of unions, the Kanslergade agreement (often considered the biggest reason for the Nordic Models emergence), the great success of pro-workers literature, progressive labour market policies, and even our situations in World War Two
It's can truly be hell to write Danish (or Norwegian) names sometimes
no, not like the americans
This bridge goes between Norway and Sweden at Morokulien:
Do you mean pork/ham vs chicken?
Danes are very honest also too much sometimes.
Normally from around 8-12 years old
> India
I don't think it would be good for anyone if he left.
Teaches you discipline and patience and although not relevant everywhere in Denmark, in my area at least the general weapons safety knowledge/respect is great to learn too since a lot of people around here hunt
Afaik it hasn't made the virus more or less lethal
act could reasonably be attrib-uted to the fear or excitement produced by the attack
We have an advent calendar scratch card
Without nations you would be more like a globalist or regionalist
But since I had German in school a few years, I do understand the basics
And he may have been funding, helping, organizing terrorist groups
Unless you're from Sweden or Norway, perhaps Germany or France, don't expect to ever sound Danish, maybe your grandkids will accomplish that
Controversial opinion, but it's a shame nuclear power has gotten such a bad rep
That will never happen for western Europe.
I think)
On the yard, in the house on the cake, et cetera
Stop threatening to return Skåne to us, and just do it you pussies
Not sure
So it's not very left-leaning then.
Hængerøv
I’ve lived there
Isn't it a tremendously good thing for any country to fight corruption?
That's 17 years older than the state itself
It is either part of Denmark and should count, or it is independent and should be listed.
they really just love ignoring us
Any longer, and I fear that interaction with the chat would be slowed down too much.
But plz don’t give me that bullshit with “defending our culture”. How exactly is European culture realistically being threatened by Islamic extremists
We have it for quite a long time in school
Moesgaard is a fantastic museum
The fact that he personally acquired Congo didn't change that
The zip code thing at the gas station really surprised me and my family when we did our road trip.
We have an average humidity of like 200% or something, and rarely a day goes by, where the wind doesn't blow at least 5 m/s.
[I got a video too
&#x200B;
A lot of railway is missing from Denmark
It's uncommon not to speak English in Denmark too, since we learn from such an early age
Sorry for being a bit crass, but I really don't think about them...
Either it is tobacco-free, or it is illegal
Obviously Danes also give each other nicknames though so if there's like 5 people called Rasmus in your class you may end up being known as Rasmus J or as Jensen or whatever but that's just a nickname.
We can communicate with the others with some effort without switching to English, but it's not super easy
Anecdotes
But thanks for reminding me about their hardships (:
Soldiers do not win wars without guns.
Does Food count
May I ask what camera / phone / whenever you used to take it
I really only started appreciating this after I came home from backpacking in SE Asia
Knep: DK to f*ck, SE trick
"Just don't do what my father did
So a river in Denmark is considered a larger body of water than exists in this land where no point is further away from the ocean than 50 kilometers
It isn't something fact based or historically accurate.
If they want to be Scandinavians they can be, and if they don’t, I still thinks it’s totally fine
The fact that Russia would become an unbeatable industrial superpower in the very near future, was one of the primary reasons that Germany was so hooked on going to war in 1914, because they saw it as a now-or-never moment
You use the flag to celebrate or mourn, not as common room/house decoration
It's a bit too simplified to say we don't have a minimum wage imo.
And maybe some bullet-shaped salmiak liquorice
I think [this] is the set I played with
I admire your compassion, because running that numbers for Germany and the thought of how that would play out ...
Very common, our tap water is considered some of the best in the world
Edit: I just got a brand new axe, yall wanna see another war
I hope they do, and it isn't edgy marxists and fascists.
Pros: high standard of living, liberal culture, little to no corruption in politics, very little inequality
Most germans I see at conferences work at Max Planck Institute for Informatics
HSBC, JPMorgan and Crédit Agricole fined €485m by EU.
Yeah, same in Copenhagen
That's funny, because I actually heard that Axel Makkedønsen was Danish
He then proceeded to have sex with this 15 year old who, it turns out, had been an intern with the Social Democrats only a few weeks prior
On a world stage no, humans are extremely different.
I think another reason it might be seen as slightly weird here in the Nordics is that it’s so expensive to eat at restaurants
000 people
Too cute
My middle name is my dad's last name, and my last name is my mom's last name (my mom kept her last name when they married), and getting a last name from both of your parents is probably the most typical kind of middle name, but having a first name as a middle name is also very common
* Most government transfer-payments have been reduced to only the bare minimums, often not even enough to reproduce daily life
It's mainly based on stealing rightfully Danish land, being cunts and speaking weird
This may be true with respect to Crimea, but it is not true with respect to Donetsk, trans-dniestria, Abkhazia and so on.
I think some cities have rivalries with other nearby cities (like my hometown is the closes big city to Aarhus and we have a rivalry), but I don't think its as serious and Manchester/Liverpool, nor do I think people outside the area are much aware of it
5-6 years of wow later, i had a teacher tell me my english was really, really good
Norway was neutral during World War I, so no trench warfare atrocities for Olaf
but I am a federalist, just a social-democratic one
"Et samfund kan være så stenet
Tom Holland covers this in his book Dominion, but "Judaism" as separated from "the Jewish race" weren't separate concepts until the last few centuries
Our asylum seeking and refugee laws have been challanged by the EU court of human rights, since we can deport anyone so long as there isn't an active war in their local home region of their nation of origin
Needs more dovetail
Yeah, its believed the propaganda is one of the reasons why many Swedes now thing we call him "Christian den gode" (the Good)
You mean signal
Grade 9 is that last year of folkeskolen.
The whole mean-spiritedness of the EU shows it for what it really is.
However, if you allow me to include Sweden and Norway then there are quite a few giveaways
If we are to be kind, maaaaybe B1: "Can produce simple connected text on topics that are familiar or of personal interest
Din satans djævle øboer
when i was in school, all i ever heard about was WW2
[Karen Blixen] (also known under her pen name, especially in English versions of her works, *Isak Dinesen*).
If you flood your capital with cheap beer and strip joints, eventually you're gonna have Danes.
I live in Copenhagen and meet a lot of Swedes who are working here and commuting everyday from Sweden
Russia: experiencing St
That's because Esperanto borrowed a lot of Romance- and Germanic-derived vocabulary directly, whereas Volapük twisted the words a whole lot in an effort to make them divorced from their parent languages, so that it wouldn't be as eurocentric (due to being intended as a language for the whole world)
We used to get snow during all of winter
If you use more force you might avoid punishment due to you acting in fear or because you're high on adrenaline
You should do it even more, as Norwegian hydro is the only inexpensive way to deliver flexible, cheap, and low-carbon electricity
I have no idea why people think that white toast bread is somehow danish.
Some since 1917, some since 1945, but none of them wanted any part of it
I absolutely do not remember, it was a very long time ago
Huh, that's weird
Then around 14-16 you get more and more freedom in regards to going to parties and stuff where drinking happens, especially when you go to high school (~16-19) considering they will have events with alcohol involved in my experience
Bro, makker, gutter and simply "drengene" are very common
Yes, we lost Iceland, damn traitors, and American imperialists
Exception: The only exception is young people at parties, then we see it as rude if you don't ask first
Is that just because they give off so much light or is it the bridge?
Then they have a birthday at home as well (of course)
When then kids get older they move to the big city to study, party etc
In my view, emancipation of the labouring class, and the personal freedom that modern liberalism promotes go hand in hand
At 7am
I mean, of course since your history is so intertwined with ours
With a little detective work, you can find articles published by tv2 vejret that sometimes mention previous snowy Christmases
What's the student culture like?
Then there Skagen but that is mostly internal tourist from the rich areas of Copenhagen and is mostly happening in one week
2 from the Faroe Islands and two from Greenland.
Everything you have just said about networks, replace Telekom with Telstra and your comment would be absolutely correct in an Australian conversation.
Just how important are these languages for the Scottish culture and identity
Gosh this thing is making me laugh more than I probably should
I've personally seen it with all combinations of i / j and v / u.
Denmark: 1864
and they really don't give a shit about any specific statue, which is why getting a statue pulled down never makes them stop anywhere
Maybe change the circumstances so that voluntary service becomes attractive!
You see benefits, I see hours and hours of unproductive work in administrative costs
> Actually the influence of English on our language make people put in spacing in words that should be a compound
It is not meant to be a neutral comment
Most legal theories were indeed founded on canonic and roman law - but such was the case for all of Europe until the reformation.
Russian foreign piggybank was at 86 billion dollars a few years back.
000 kr (2019) which is the equivalent of 41
Almost exclusively consumed in Scandinavia, as well as a bit in Germany
Don’t ruin my joke with facts
Because that honestly doesn’t sound normal
If EU fails I'm all for forming a union with Norway but..
You should try your best at learning the language if you plan on staying for longer, but it's not like you will be in any trouble not knowing the language.
We do have the Euro in practice and the cost of changing that is so unimaginably high that it can realistically never be the best option
Why is everything getting a reboot these days
We have our own currency, kroner, which we can use at the German border
Password manager probably went AWOL
It is not my experience that weed users in Denmark are particularly obsessed with clocks.
That water has flavor, and in an odd way
So I'd appreciate them just turning to regular Danish
It can almost reach the other side
Norweigan is like danish but alot more charming
If you studied medicine at Copenhagen, nobody is going to assume you are any better than someone who studied it at Odense, even though Odense is easier to get into
Or Greenland and the Faroe Islands if we count them
Generally it's just something you buy if you're out somewhere and get thirsty.
I love this
The E numbers predated printing the E numbers.
The persecution complex of "far-righters" is worse than that of Muslims.
Russian tourist, closely followed by British tourist
No I’ve only heard seniors use it
Let alone our experiences after WW2 and communism for Eastern Europe.
He completely disregards intentions.
My god, I feel sorry for the victims and their families.
Gypsy is more a lifestyle than an ethnic classification
It's more that you abruptly stop doing something, I'd say
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You do you
As a Dane, I can assure you, we are proud to own the heart of Canadian culture that is Hans Island
Forever Young and Big In Japan by Alphaville are classics
I think the main part is that so many europeans have *felt* the road difference in Belgium
There should be a hard cap of maximum 200 euro per capita in net contribution
Yeah, I was bummed because I just lost THE GAME and now this
satellites are picking up sulphur and particles
And that's where Novo Nordisk is, one of the more well known Danish companies
Oh my, do we have a genuine Brexiteer here?
Hahaha I saw that as a child
Or when they let their kids play on an air mattress in the ocean
Or are they just so stupid that they can’t see the world dying
Because quotas was an absolutely terrible idea, glad we dodged that bullet.
Zahide Bayram was born in Turkey.
They threw some stones
The capital
U really think I would take advice from a Swede
When I visited Amsterdam we stayed in IJburg
I don't know what to say really..
The fact that it apparently won't work like they hoped it would, and that Trump makes closer ties to USA seem unappealing.
Third -the scariest one- we were just fucking hippies
Thank you for sharing this
Tak is thanks in danish and yes in polish
Basically ticket guards, they roam all the methods of public transport and verify whether or not you have a ticket for your mode of transportation(or something of equal function like a travel-card)
I mean
There are quite a few countries that would get no refugees at all if refugees were allowed to go where they wanted (Poland, Baltics etc.).
Section 01 applies to Denmark proper, Greenland and the Faroe Islands
You have to switch to using "ananas" though
After taxes and such, I have around 37k
It also affects  communal showers at private gyms/fitness centers and public swimming pools
He gets requests for extensions, exemptions, and leniency all the time from kids who think they're special and don't have to follow the same rules as everyone else
Stay away from the cycling lanes, if you come to Denmark (unless you are riding a bike)
Well, not every country has the alpes melting into our water tap
I was even invited to some weddings
Additionally, in Denmark, we also have "Bajer" which is generally used in the same context as "you want a *pint*?" Or "want a *Drink*?" Though it's specifically beer, it is more casual
Worry not about it
Here in Denmark, it's a guilty pleasure
I am deeply triggered
I would say the English Wars and the Bombardment of Copenhagen in 1807
“Cheap food” and “Denmark” doesn’t go together
The fact that right-wingers start yapping on about “erasing western culture” is a problem in its own right, and leads down to authoritarian roads just as bad as Islamic doctrine does
They derive from *naperon*, *nǣddre, ekename* and *nonper -* it should have been "a napron", "a nadder", "an ickname" and "a numpire" today, but enough people misallocated the "n" for the mistake to catch on and change the word
I've learned some stuff about vikings, a lot about ww2 and nothing about ww1
For Denmark, roughly 70 % of the renewable power generation is wind and solar
This is very much the question
What are you talking about
Denmark or Germany, so I guess I'm pretty satisfied
Albanien - Albania
My city Aalborg performed way better than I had expected.
Only critique is that I'd love to see the flag of Wales and Scotland too :) otherwise well done
Today, being abstractly "modern" is all they have going for them
We still have 12 years to create the KALMARUNION
I can't seem to find them for sale in Denmark and it disappoints me..
Possibly he's talking about Dankort, which is much easier to use than a Visa Electron/Mastercard Debit.
At the same time I would say making laws defining what you are allowed to wear because you might be repressed if you are wearing it also is rather repressive.
Not cool man
[Remember poor Biorn]
When the "contempt" consists of not giving you *enough* free drinks, I find it hard to blame the club, to be honest.
Kattegat can mean "Cat's butt"
I'm pretty eurosceptic but Farage is a bit to much to my taste, sure he brings good banter but you don't feel he takes it seriously.
This is a fact
_Edit II:_ [Here's a map with the areas circled] Because of the tourism industry, Bornholm isn't really seen as being "the middle of nowhere", despite being isolated from the rest of the country
The only thing I want to add is: the price 100% makes a difference
They also said that if a teenager is playing 8 hours or more of World of Warcraft, he should be allowed to miss school and get paid
i honestly dont think people care that much.
Much of the recent right wing populism is a reaction to the refugee crisis.
I would have no problem with giving the recognized government of Libya money, equipment and training if they in return took care of the refugee problem.
We have almost the same in Denmark, in that everyone makes fun of the Copenhageners for being upthight and fancy, but somehow still socialist hippies
We have a healthy, albeit small, but welcoming, part of the subreddit community hanging out on the server, sharing memes, discussing current events, and just talking about life, in great and small
In my experience both are used here
The tidepod nation
Sexual assault, primarily amongst politicians
skin sick) is an older and not widely used synonym
Is this a new(ish) expression from drunk Danish highschoolers
Like I wrote, I'm simply doing the math atm due to being done with my masters in December, when yes - I will start a different part of my life where making 30
26 billion kroner is not pocket change in Denmark
Colored paper and
That would put an unnecessary strain on Finland-Italy relations.
Tragic that there are still people that defend it
Also referred to as bundesliga hair (the German soccer league)
Denmark too
I do fairly well for myself as a software engineer, and pay around 40%.
Our largest bill, the 1000 kr
[Here's another one]
[Random tabloid headline generator]
Why would it leave the EU as much trouble as the UK?
Thanks
Totally agree with your points.
If it means we get to tax the shit out of air travel and put the money into HSR hell yeah I would support it
USA number one, I guess
Hvis du klikker på billedet vil en ny tab åbne med en fuld version af billedet, som du så kan gemme
probably several thousands by now
Quite liked it since Denmark is rarely in foreign movies
No party in Denmark is against good conditions for working people, and certainly no party is against the welfare state
But I’m also on Reddit
Unless that title still goes to England
If anyone wonders how a person like Francisco Franco (or any other dictator) came to power it is because of views like that.
My cooking book is awesome
It's true that the Netherlands is not a true democracy like Switzerland is, but I *assume* the Netherlands has the same system as Denmark - A representative democracy.
They're typically made in a panini press or something similar, though you can make them in a pan too
Considering how badly Italy and Spain have suffered from Covid-19 it's a pretty poor comparison
<3 thank you France
Patetisk/pathetic:  DK full of emotions (solemnly), EN  pityful (DK ynkelig)
Socializing in Danish is literally impossible for me, and I look like an idiot IRL
This was part of a broader pogrom about the Danish population at the time
I find our danish national anthem, "Der er et yndigt land" (there is a lovely country), to be very beautiful
Just breathing feels weird
Attempt that could easily fail.
Well done
Surely you agree to ban video games, alcohol and and candy.
Any drive over 40 minutes is pretty far by Danish standards, especially to Zealanders
I am being downvoted because only THE MOST extreme opinions are accepted here
68% of people now want the government to see it through.
I forever associate Black Peter (Sorteper in Danish) with a black tomcat, because the card game had figures of cute animal couples on them and a lone tomcat as Black Peter
> It could happen to you too
idk if its like that in germany, but in denmark you have to shake hands in order to pass the citizenships test
Has a EU member state been attacked where the rest of the EU didn't react?
- Things such as food and clothes are expensive
Damn, I never heard about the masturbation part :/
I know a surprisingly high amount of people that hate coffee
Explore
"..."The parents and, when    competent,  the child, must be made fully aware of the implications of    this  operation as it is a non-reversible procedure
which brand and model if I may ask
My concerns have more to do with the treatment  of migrants workers and that FIFA seemingly doesn’t care at all despite being fully aware of it
If you're Muslim you should be banned from entering the US.
As far as I recall, the Dutch did offer them a chance to do it, but Turkey refused.
In Denmark we have 2 foreign languages from 5th onwards.
Even though, Alexander the great invaded Persia
They're completely useless
Just don’t have a land war in Asia
but after some time the first officer came back with the passport and said there were no problems and we could get into the country
Me too
> That apparently the Danish are like the butt of every *language joke told by other Scandinavians
As a protest the pig farmers bred red-brownish pigs with a white stripe across the back.
[Faxe Kondi] It's kinda like Sprite but more mild, very popular
Rige is somewhere in between empire and realm, but not really either
Czechia - Tjekkiet
The entire helmet law craze often just sounds like they're trying to blame the cyclist imo.
Not really though
Are you visiting other places in Asia on your trip?
> Vaslui: Axe totting,wife beating,alcoholic rednecks and rapists
"semi drunk Swedes"?
Born and raised in Copenhagen
Together we can ensure we only have what we actually need in Europe.
I love the horror that shows in their eyes
Well to be fair, a strong military is kinda important when you want to stay neutral in the middle of a continent that’s had quite a few wars
I also feel like a lot of people see Scandinavian countries as perfect angels free of sin (past and present) so when we do anything wrong we get so much hate
"Egern" No, just like any other danish word we don't pronounce half the letters, so with some help you most likely can but 100% that your first guess will be quite off
I feel like most people are answering based on their personal opinion, because in my experience (and judging by the success of anti-immigration parties all over Europe) large parts of Europe definitely feel that you should have some kind of ethnic connection to truly be considered on par with the natives.
(Sorry about the rant, I'm done with my masters in a few months so it's on my mind a lot atm, haha)
As the community continues to grow, the moderation team wants to thank every member, both old and new, for being here, and making the community what it is
Oh yeah
Look up Carolus Rex, for example - iirc he expanded the Swedish territory quite a lot.
I get that with more people there's bound to be more crime, but it's become normal that whenever we hear about something crazy that happened in Denmark, we say: let me guess
Even benign nature subreddits are subject to things like an abundance of images of bald eagles around the 4th of July
In Denmark hitchhiking would be safe sure, but you would have a very hard time finding a car that would actually stop and pick you up in most parts of the country.
Though its a shame that it has to get worse before it gets better, as long as the idea that the debt is sustainable is pushed in our media that's what most people will believe, people believing that just causes them to hate the Greeks for taking so much money and not fixing themselves.
well both hands are on utensils, regardless of which I use
Having to shake hands or hug your close friend that you see nearly every day would feel weird to me
We celebrate it too, in denmark :)
Trolling to is intentionally be a moron
we have jews here, right
It makes me maybe a little sad or disapointed that Humanity was at such a point, but it doesn't make me angry at my country, rather humanity as a whole.
Vi minder sku lidt om hinanden alligevel (;
So I'd appreciate them just turning to regular Danish
I've been in Cluj several times, as I have some friends and acquaintances who live there, but the only person I know who knows Hungarian is from a Romanian Hungarian family
Nicholas = Nikolaj
How embarrassing
What a fucking braindead moron
We are doomed
>How amazingly rowdy the London nightlife is
Helsingør / Elsinore
This makes me happy
On particularly hot days we could hit 25, 26 or maybe even 27 degrees
and the taste is way too similar IMO, for the price difference to be that big
So Jews in Germany often viewed themselves as German, even if others didn't see them that way
Very happy you're a part of the EU
As a dane I just hope this is a joke.
It's absolutely an insult though but an outdated one since the relevance of it is gone
Some places in Norway still say ones before tens
The words can't even be translated like that tho
Au - Guld
It's so absurd to me
Even removing suicides would still leave us at about 6 injuries for every homicide by gun or accidental death by gun
Ved valg af få ingredienser, fx ketchup, sennep og ristede løg, vil de blive anbragt på pølsebrødets underside, da den er mere plan end oversiden, og tilbehøret glider så ikke af
That is some serious xenophobia there.
The moderators wish to now once again wish all of you a very, very, merry Christmas and a happy New Year
Taastrup represent
Thinking a tiny backwards country could defeat Prussia AND Austria in a war in 1864
And the circus people treats them well and makes sure people don’t get too close
The soldier in the pic is like "DAMMMNNN DAT ASS' THICCCC BOI"
I'm thinking mainly paris, but might go visit some other places, we got 2 months so we've got a lot of time!
On weekends the tickets are more pricy and here the breakeven looks to be between 1 and 2 travellers
Also a cheese slicer like [this] can be found in every kitchen here
Min fejl, kom bare ind
It was used to describe Danish girls who dated or married Nazi soldiers
* Sæd (Semen)
Money Greece will never be able to pay back because of falling Greek tax revenues.
But they still pay taxes, to fund Latvijas Televīzija
I would say immigrants have a hard time integrating into Danish society, and even if they do, natives will never view immigrants as belonging in Danish society
My grammatical skills could need some improvement, I still don't know how to correctly use all the "Mie, ție, îți, își, ne, lor etc"-things, so I try to avoid them :)
I agree international borders should be really stepped up, [but Greece obviously isn't doing a good job 80% of illegal immigration goes through Greece.] There are obviously disparities between member states, and each European country is an independent nation and has the right to stop whomever they wish from entering their country.
I think you have some talent at creating politicians, it's just coming back very slowly.
Quite to the contrary
Actually I heard many on this sub call the Japanese racist for not wanting their country "enriched" by immigrants.
Nuclear power is costly
Jeg ved det, prøvede bare at få det til at ligne det rimede med jeg
Wonderful
That's why I added the question mark because I didn't want to offend him
Klap lige Hesten (pet the horse) which means come on
I'm half Dutch/half danish and stroopwafels gives me great half national pride
If the government had a translator, the 3 of them wouldn't ever have been able to leave the country
Denmark-Norway *had* colonies, such as the Gold Coast or the Virgin Isles
2: We get a lot of English spoken popculture via TV and other media, and unlike many other European countries that have voice actors dub the original English voices, we almost exclusively use subtitles
Something as serious as child sex abuse deserves more than to be a side note, used for a bit of drama before the story moves on
/frue/frøken" (excuse me Sir/Ma'am/Miss), people would think you were a confused time-traveller from the 1950s or just a weirdo
It's a snow/no snow difference
The government did make that commercial about how Danes should have more sex (eg more kids), which got a bit of criticism - though mainly abroad
"Vatnisser" is more simple
But maybe I'm exaggerating
I heard that Mew ([Link] had some success internationally as well
In 1520 the Danish King Christian the 2nd had a big chunk of the Swedish nobility killed in what would later be called the [Stockholm Bloodbath]
Danmark - Denmark
People from there tend to, in my experience, act like they're better than everyone else
Christmas calendar tv-shows
the net-contributor/receiver line is between working and not-working.
Westminister is overloaded with the brexit negotiations and there probably is not the staff to conduct a proper referendum/conducting a referendum would take staff away from brexit negotiations, perhaps knowing this the SNP asked for one knowing they would probably get a no and they could use a refusal to boost popularity of the independence movement.
I've had some a few years back, that called earlier than the listed time on that chart as well
The Scandinavian are super short (Danish is the shortest) while ones like German and English are really long articles
The verb is at hæve penge (eng: to lift money)
There’s also South Ossetia at 53k and Guernsey at 63k
4: People who speak great English, and actively fake an accent that isn't Danish
But it seems like a strange choice for Austria.
You can have a big chunk of very unhappy that statistically does not influence the big group the slightest.
No one really uses megametres, even though it technically makes sense, either
In those days we had guns on the other side as well - consider it a trade tariff
Amazing place
I wrote it in a jokingly manner, but my message didn't come across.
What about corona
Again, that's just blatant prejudice, though I suppose it may be perceived as the opposite through a certain lens
What exactly encompasses "all the good Napoleon did"? Because I have only ever heard him portrayed in a negative light
Yeah, you're right
We use fuck *very* liberally
Don't know
Apparently, there's an important rule that I never knew until recently
They have around 500,000 employees worldwide and thus one of the largest companies in the world measuered by number of employees
The genetics are more similar, while the cultures differ more
Looks to me like [france] will be in the lead soon
Yeah I can’t see our top English search being “how to meet Tom Cruise”
I have only ever seen neo nazis with that flag, but it doesn't look bad
Ofc the Germans have a word for it
I believe Fillon is going to win.
We have the ability to learn multiple labguages
Do you realize that it is possible to read on and see that not only do I know this but have already addressed it.
I guees Germany will have a hard time relating to this
That will economically improve the average wealth of a Swedish citizen more.
We move out quite early compared to many other European countries, but here it’s completely fine for people of all ages to have sleepovers with the opposite sex
Exactly, Romans were great engineers and could set up a rudimentary camp quickly
And Trump was in there from time to time.
I barely know
* Røved (Røv means Ass)
Namme namme, pepperonipizza med drille ️
It’s ok, but some of the stereotypes were also thoroughly confirmed
the official reply from the zoo was "taking advice from the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria, it did this to prevent inbreeding as the zoo's giraffe breeding program already has enough animals with similar genes "
First word was blue for me too
They should be closed haha
Here it makes sense to bring your own, since people drink different amounts and it's annoying to run out of booze
Reminds me of my self with my first girl friend.
Jeg tror det er fordi de er misundelige på vores seje bogstaver
Instead of asking what foreign policies Russia enacted in the 90s how about looking at the foreign policies of the USSR throughout the 20th century
Bicycle culture
Iranians, Chinese, Lebanese, Indians, Thai, Vietnamese, Saudi Arabians and Afghanis are all Asians
Congo seriously presses the matter at least
Venice practically has the world's biggest moat
I plan to move there and teach, because it’s just the perfect place for me to live
as long as it's not turkey i dont think it'll matter much.
We also have friday bread, taking turns bringing in rundstykker (rolls) and such, for an informal meeting in the morning
I would say:
I don't know enough about non-European skiing culture to say so, but it's certainly an integral part of skiing in Denmark/Austria/Germany
Edit: Should point out OP that QWERTY and QWERTZ aren't the preferred way to tell keyboard layouts apart
Because i like Israel and Israeli goods.
UNESCO World Heritage Site, Ilulissat, Jakobshavn, Greenland, Denmark
That’s a fair point
Your handwriting is really strange
We decided a while ago to stop caring about trees in Denmark i guess
It's kinda split between calling it Australia or Oceania,  but lately it has become more common to be taught Oceania, which I think is the more correct term
But I’m also an example of someone who is really caught in its laws and follows it to a tii wherever I want to or not
No idea why i've only chosen women, but they all strike me as competent and compassionate leaders
That really depends on what people in their minds put in front or after the sentence "haven't heard of".
One of [these] VW golf almost hit me in a crossroads.
I was really pleasantly surprised by Czech "Svíčková na smetaně". Not only was it great, it wasn't too expensive either
Everyone is making jokes about Trump.
We put them in the fridge
But they only had 12 and 698 cases respectively, so I think you are being a bit tough on them
Wear a T-shirt and open a window.
As someone from a neighboring country that can understand the language and read news from Swedish media I think I have a pretty good insight to Swedish society.
Just make them white with a black outline and there you go
instead of focusing on the fact that they were just crushed by a car.
Here is an excerpt about sports in Denmark, from /r/Denmark's "Moving to Denmark" guide.
It's rather easy to ask others to send more when it's not your money
tak - singular
on formal letters from the government.
og dette bliver gentaget utallige gange, så dansk indflydelse på grønlandsk selvstændighed kan højst betragtes som de jure
Clearly not for some of them
> Nonetheless wood heating is a demanding way to heat your house which is why people prefer other methods
Greenlandic: hold my igloo
Is this some southern european joke I'm too cold and drowned in rain to understand
Be very fascinated with everything *Catalonian* and comment about how it seems so much better than anything *Spanish*.
This is why titles are important.
Winter in Denmark isn't below freezing temperatures anymore, at least not where I live
Beyond that, no
But they associated the flag with drawings or am i being stupid
Sure but I take it that you aren't Italian, so you haven't much need for these characters.
Polish people are so unmannered and uncivilized
If I ask a foreigner "So what do you think about <whatever> in Denmark?" I expect an honest answer.
When we press the horn of a car we'd call the sound a "båt" (or more often a "dyt")
Breivik only did it because of muslim immigration.
When I visited I even saw an asian tourist in a [maid costume like this.]
I've met people who never even had anything about the Vikings at school
To the contrary, every time a government fails, there's a risk of it turning into a tyrannical state when order is restored.
*") but I wasn't sure
I visited a German high school last year, and they were still discussing whether to install WiFi
\- Legalized cannabis
Yet to you, what most would call *culture* is "differences" in parenthesis
It should be mentioned that it is not a Danish government campaign.
~~Jungledyret Hugo 3 - fræk, flabet og fri (Amazon Jack)~~
but i depends where you are ofc
The UK is a kingdom
When I go on vacation in other countries and hear Dutch I always think it's Danish at first because of the similarity between the vovels, but when i pay attention it's complete gibberish
Whereas I as a city person don’t feel it at all
For actual heating purposes
Love me a good trip to the local English monestary
Not sure if that’s how it works for everyone, but that’s my experience at least
Absolutely unnecessary
But I have read alot about both Tito and Pavelic, and therefor I wrote that, but I’m sure you as a croat, know something that I don’t.
There are active independence movements in both Greenland and the Faroes, especially Greenland
^I'm ^^not ^^^actually ^^^^that ^^^^^royalistic
Secular means the state stays out of religion, not that the state dictates what you can and cannot believe.
Under that definition of "unspoilt", nowhere save Antarctica fits
Which frog do you guys use
They're hilariously easy to spot
Tell me if i missed something
Both places had people in white shirts and ties coming in for their lunch
Nah, it's an export Carlsberg, we keep the good stuff in Denmark.
Don't really care about it, but people are welcome to go out to the streets to show enthusiasm for EU, I just won't join them.
Wendy’s is 0,95 L.
Transylvania is big though, and some regions barely have Hungarians, like Alba, Sibiu, Hunedoara and Bistrița-Năsăud counties
If you talk about how many cars cross a bridge in a day, it's contextually implied that's both the day and following night
There's a stereotype about Nordic people generally being a-social
We are about the size of the Netherlands, but have a population less than Saint-Petersburg
Jeg vil drukne dig et brændene raseri
Corporations that wont have to compete with the outside world.
Du er fucking død, sønnike
I honestly don't see why anyone would have a problem with this.
If people think otherwise then they are mistaken
Flexibility in energy production is incredibly important as was clearly shown in Texas just a month ago
I wanna do this for denmark
Freedom of the individual vs a slave to the greater good of the state.
It's like the whole crap about the word 'hygge'.
Oh the amount of Salmiakki ice creams I've scammed out of Finns when they try to pull a "look at the silly tourist".
Later on, you might study the philosophical works of Søren Kierkegaard, but most Danes probably haven't read them
A large part of why they can do it so unapologetically is that they're an indulgence, no one is forcing you to buy them and no one actually has a need for them (not to mention no one really benefits from them)
It will be interesting to see what happens next
We don't produce them here
Never in my life could I afford the pictures neighborhood
Your Swedishness is almost forgiven.
If it's clear then 5
Just like they do move from Denmark and the other Scandinavian countries - it's simply for other reasons
What amazes me is how well made they are
Far deadlier
The ‘Stuff You Missed In History Class’ podcast have made an episode about this called “The Allegedly Haunted Island  of Poveglia”. It’s a good listen
Iceland is in the "wrong" timezone
Yeeeah this is one list I'm cool ^^^^heh with being near the bottom of
That is just an accurate statement, though
I've had to explain to someone from Copenhagen that;
Depends on the voting system I'd say.
Skede (Swedish) = phase
30 so for me eating at 21 is way to late
So since the late 1970'es, the Swedish economy, the Swedish economy has been just as market oriented as most other western European states, and, since the fall of the so-called Eastern Bloc, also the 'Eastern'-European states
[Aqua - Barbie Girl]
Or at least people that don’t regret their decisions
Another class did the same but with Germans.
Thank you for your comment
What we in Denmark like to call a “Danish summer” is somewhere between 18 and 23 degrees C with at least one rainy day per month
\[Verse 2\]
Kings Landing is Kongs Havn (Kings harbour ish) and Winterfell is Vinterborg (Wintercastle) and I mean, you get where they are coming from, and maybe its just because I saw the series first
Edit:
Only basic stuff
Hell, Germany is a country I could maybe one day, settle in
Wish people wouldn't put you on the spot to perform for them
But what is that small spec then
My little sister moved out when she was 22, my little brother moved out when he was 23
refused immigrants and 'illegal 'refugees  are still closed off in prison camps of several hundreds with several families, they cant keep social distancing and everybody is ignoring it
We're all living in western(ish) sicieties
You saw how the GBP dropped a little when Brexit happened - and that was only the announcement of it happening.
You can use "fint" in Danish too
In the town I'm from when you're extremely drunk you're 'svenskerfuld' Drunk like a Swede
In Danish it is called [sylte] and is especially popular in the Christmas month.
I would prefer we just split the island down the middle
This is your first time visiting Planet Earth, I take it?
The exploiting group from above determine the superstructure of society and the nature of the justifying ideology, meaning the  actions feasible because the exploiting class control the productive assets of our society
So this is probably the union trying to created a united front to put some pressure on the government to actually take a stand.
That is the statistic Denmark is losing points in (We have dropped from 92 points in 2014 to 90 in 2016).
Plus kæreste means dearest
I'm not embarrassed in the slightest though, I'm fine with it
The lowest educated voted for the PVV.
I wonder what it will take for them to go back to the Viking days
We’re
All my friends know this
But that does not mean that everybody flags on the official days
Fewer hours would create more jobs though
The ice just goes on and on
You need custom/passport checks at borders with non-Eu nations
So he was included in everything he wanted to be included in
In what way is Denmark portrayed in Ireland as anything other than a small country
For example: "Ikke for skolen, men for livet" ("Not for school, but for life")
Reindeer and caribou are the same animal
Lots of commenters there hate us with a passion, unfortunately the comments over the last few years of the video existing have changed in tone
This is one of the big weaknesses of the single currency: It has no plan B.
Thanks
Kind of on the same level as nursing, radiographers etc.
BUT there is serious side effects if your brain hasn't developed fully yet, like reduced inteligence, so minors should NOT smoke and/or ingest marijuana
The trip out there is really nice
We are generally humble and don't like people who are even remotely trying to brag or try to seem better than others
Stop calling it a Danish
Only difference being here its somehow used to paint -everyone- in the sub!
Alright what the fuck 2020
Just once
Because UK probably leaves the EU on that date
Noted
Well, you know, we do what we do when we do what we do
But the margin for error will be large.
Well of course, this wuln't be a problem at all if politicians would just actually follow the law.
I thought they were just taking turns
It basically means that if the company attempts or has the appearance of selling to EU citizens, then they need to be compliant with the GDPR
Yeah it's raining here, fucking nature.
I'm guessing it's very similar to German though
I totally forgot to mention them
- get real - US isn't the riches country in the world but it has a fair amount of volume!
But the ban in question is based on Muslim countries and not muslims as individuals though.
In that sense it is not a debit card like the international ones that require a call back to check the saldo in the account.
Sorry for introducing it to you then - the dead baby is what really got me back then (and still)
A nice all-rounder
Historically, when I have bought a 10-pack living alone, they're typically gone within a week
Lots of comparison to churchill though
Doo it
Normally, we honestly don't think about Scotland much, it's just a bit of the UK with an intriguing history that has influenced popular culture in some ways, but...
We will be gone
Generally I’d say we’re being bullied by our neighbors to the north/east
However,we have minesterial posts, which are ministers who focus on specific things, such as economics, culture, integration, among a lot of other things
We get mountains, you get cheaper beer
Also no risk you going to prison if you insult the head of state over social media or your travel blog whilst there...
Yet she found me very rude for saying I never said hello or goodbye, so different strokes
thats all i remember off the top of my head
5,- til 9,-. Specielt prisen er også årsagen til kradserens popularitet
I caught 3 danish guys in Japan saying racist shit about the Japanese back when I lived there
They should have lit it the same way, but with israeli flags instead of the swastika ones.
When you're 18 you can buy the harder stuff
It's all entertainment so it doesn't apply.
In that we very much disagree
the temptation to reply "...said the bosnian" is too great
The most common coorporate tax-rate in the EU is 19%.
Once upon a time, we were an old-fashioned absolute monarchy.
I don't remember the source, unfortunately.
Why are you using American numbers
It's all to do with the fact, that it's warmer, which allows for more kinds of vegetables and fruits to be grown
Probably has an impact of some degree sure, but in my country, Denmark, iPhones are most definitely affordable enough for pretty much anyone
Perfection
Fucking disgusting of Facebook
Aquavit does not taste good, but I do enjoy it for the tradition and tool of bringing people together
They start by getting basically everything wrong about our royal house (we don't have a king, we have a queen
I was put to work at the ‘meeting room’ lounges
A true national ID can be used to board planes and other places instead of a passport in Shengen
Basically, we should go back to each country complying with the Copenhagen agreement criteria before they're given a single penny
In the 70's you had a lot of music inspired by Bob Dylan, jimi Hendrix and the hippie movement as well as more mainstream rock
San Marinos plates are beautiful with the blue and the crest
In Denmark its a pretty low discount market, like Aldi or something
Definitely my favourite summer dessert
I agree
Eastern Europe (apart from Yugoslavia, because Tito wasn't having it, and he was a hard motherfucker) was de facto occupied by them for a long time
Any country in the EU bar Sweden.
why the swedish are not condicered alcoholist
The imploding turbine had broke breaks (as far I remember)
At the same time the market price of things like grain skyrocketed, so without appointing merchants to ship grain there, they would have no reason to do so
We've only got a few universities in little Denmark
Count Gert faced a rebellion from local former knights and squires, one of them a squire called [Niels Ebbesen] One night Ebbesen's men (47 in total) burned some barns around the city, drawing the counts men out the city gates to check the situation
Bothered know which inside-flow that has on ours individuel world-sight, to we up-understand language so different from each other
I work at a high school - i.e. a place where most employees are academics - and to my knowledge, less than 5 out of approx
Budapest
Kangerlussuaq is one of those places.
I'll be playing as an observer and streaming the game.
The number I could find was 170000 and that was over half a year ago, you might have it easier to find the numbers in German speaking media.
(Amalie is a very common name)
There is no clear evidence of a population reduction prior to the Germanic settlement, and we can see from genetic evidence that Celtic (or more properly, 'pre-Germanic') DNA constitutes a large part of English genetic heritage
I'd love to /hear their reaction to the rifle getting stuck
I don't mind Republicans, if they can produce an actual sane candidate
Then I remembered a certain Austrian being quite efficient about stuff we don't like efficiency in...
“Hambros Allé” is probably the most expensive street (in the Hellerup departement)
Well the door can only be opened from the inside but I always lock the extra lock on the door
It’s however less prevalent than in the past and commercials and ads are actually way less than say 10-15 years ago
It's typical to burn a witch in effigy on the bonfire, dating back to the 1800s and possibly from German inspiration.
It was like 30% in my school, but I had it and loved it
Nyhavn has the nicest public toilets
I still know what it is, but that’s because I’m a nerd
The Rejsekort has an account that I can deposit money into online, via an app, or via machines or even clerks at most train stations
You go down a flight of stairs, and then you enter a pretty cool space with dark wooden doors, brass fittings, and nice tiles
Denmark was the first country where same sex partnership/marriage was legal
This means that when I talk about 'liberalism' in the context of politics, I am also in extension talking about the sociological concept of superstructure(as opposed to the economical base)
You can be anything you want if you don't say Sjøpnhamn - that initial K has done nothing wrong, it just want to live its life and be respected as a K, a hard and proud sound
Just one of the many reasons for why the Russian revolution happened
And if we're into the "Hugging stage" of knowing each other, the more often we see each other the less likely it is I'll give them a hug I think
Why would you need or want a credit card in Denmark?
Over here driver will get ticketed if the passengers aren't wearing seat belts
"Macron secretly cast in new Green Lantern movie
Apparently, Denmark happens to be the least corrupt country in the whole world
small talk mainly, but i feel like copenhageners talk and talk and talk, when sometimes its okay to just be quiet
You see similar attitudes (although maybe not to the same extent) with the Spanish and Italian people.
> The bad side is that a rather large part of Urk is very conservative,
] They aren't confirmed cases at all like the european numbers
Plus, there's always been the rivalry/brotherhood with those damn Swedes
Denmark's Fire and Rescue Services are completely privately operated btw
I am putting my money on Finland.
I'm shit with celsius conversions
> Basarabia, pământ românesc
ITT people being categorically wrong
It might be because Africa is views as developing fast and a lot better and richer than in the past
I like Xi, but China still has a long way to go.
Yeah it seems so
*Books one-way flight to Turkey*
That last one can be a killer for using a bike every day throughout the year.
We just never changed the old system
I'll advocate for focusing on Eastern Europe.
This is the best comment I’ve seen online I think
Something they should have done anyway when the first hundred migration workers had died
Hell, that album is even recorded in Copenhagen
Good stuff
Also ""Danish'es"" aren't even fucking Danish, they're Austrian
Bruh
Edit: EU also took a lot less debt than the US.
But we have hostels and bed&breakfast etc
It seems to be a fairly well functioning country since we rarely hear stories about it etc
I have been lied to
The demand will still be there and other nations will make the difference.
What is Denmark’s? It’s dark green but no number
If everyone who worked on your iPhone was to be paid a wage that's similar to a skilled factory worker in the USA, the price would only rise by 20 %. That's because part of it is already produced by skilled, high-paid workers in Sout Korea, and only some parts of the assembly is done in places like China
Oh, and very humble as well, you won't find anyone as modest as us :-)
And we'll better tell our oil industry, that they never should've bothered getting all that oil out of the North Sea
How Do People Drive on Small / Narrow Roads
I drove through the country once
I just went to the dentist an hour ago, and I can show you the bill
The only thing better than cheap beer is free beer
Your religion shouldn't give you the right to risk the life of a future independent adult with bodily autonomy
I gagged at the Cinnamon buns with cream cheese
Very often I see things that are basically just Swedish getting lumped onto us as well
Honestly, I never would have belived it if he didn't look so surprisingly wellgroomed and clean for a Guy attending Roskilde, and if he hadn't had a little posse of sober looking people with him that seemed to be checking the surroundings alot
It’s so silly to discuss wether Finland is Scandinavian or non-Scandinavian as we are very much alike - despite our languages that is
The way that it seems that Norberg understands it, is in a way that is associated with the command economies of the old soviet system, which, it is true, Sweden experimented with in the timespan from around the 1940'es until the 1970'es
The girls are horse riding on Fridays, so Jr.
Also this
Does it cover small words also, like prepositions and pronouns
I probably should have specified Lillehammer as the place where roads got good, true.
The practical aspects are the main one for me
I guess it's just a long standing disagreement about borders?
Yes, but a lot of money doesn't come from nowhere
I honestly don't know, and I don't understand it either
5% of the people seeking asylum this year have been from Morocco.
How do you open cans then
Overall it has been nothing but bad press for Århus
For some reason that reminded me of Aising Bea explaining how ["Irish people naturally all think they're good singers because of the natural sadness in our necks
But reputable piercing shops require parents permission for kids under 15 to get anything done and won't do any genital/nipple piercings on anybody under 18.
The name is popular in France > France is viewed as classy > Working-class people have a tendency to give their children "exotic" and/or "wealthy" names, presumably to compensate > they give their kids French names > French names become associated with over-compensating working-class people
I am sorry what
Being Christian is not enough to be an European
DCI Barnaby and DS Spiderman
Do we need the EU to regulate this?
Then they changed it in 2015 and he was so gutted
I will support whatever Spain and potentially-Catalonia agree to do.
Passing the 1863 constitution
No no no, swedish is danish but written and pronounced like if it was english
I didn't want to have to wait for that.
I snorted ;-) Then was a bit saddened by how spot on that is
The word *is* derived from Dutch, being named by Dutch sailors
He then received and accepted a formal invitation and the Danish government started the extensive preparations
The area between Vrads and Christianshede is very, very empty
Isn’t Finland the happiest country in the world
Yes, i traveled to Edinburgh in 8th grade.
It is a good thing
Bananas
Correct me if i am wrong,please, but Netherlands is all over more right winged this morning than it was last night?
Generally kids that young don't drink
My dad is a gigantic fan of the three gentlemen, and a good part of his generation in Northern Europe as well
I feel a lot more expressive, less anxious and less Self-conscious when I'm speaking English
2 things:
There are some failings like any system, but it works great for the most part
Same
But that's always rather heavily been outweighed by the EU not wanting to accept the UK idea that they can leave the EU while still retaining the benefits of membership (namely free-trade with the massive EU market)
I remember I had some old outdoor shoes at my parents house
1 for you 10 for the state
as a child but that sure as shit hasn't been possible for years now
When I was poorer I was very good at shopping around for newspapers and magazines giving '1 month free' or 5 dollars for the first 5 issues offers
Those of you who partake regularly, and those who silently just browse
Embrace your wish and help make it come true by learning it
If i could live in the US i would choose to live in California in a city like Santa Barbara
Danish is such an uncommon language that foreign languages are taught from a very early age
I've heard several "fuck"s and its variants at all times on publicly broadcast radio and tv, even during programmes aimed at kids/teenagers
Must have a strong neck
It's harder to understand than, say, someone from Stockholm
I would never buy water unless it's free with my take-away meal
Theres a reason we have different skincolors
I do get you're point, and it's where i most strongly disagree with Britains policies.
Local legend is that the building he was killed in was placed where Niels Ebbesenshuset is now, and the room where he was killed is the one the window is open in
But if you got your degree from a reputable university, then generally speaking, no one will care whether you studied remotely or on campus.
Probably the best conference I ever attended.
So why aren't there more females?
Saxon is one such dialect, but that is because the present-day state of Saxony (after which the Saxon dialect is named) has taken its name from Old Saxony (now Niedersachsen)
Looked that this picture and was like wow that could be a Danish fishing village...
we got a set budget of exactly 535 euro per month
You should try it
Why again haven't we thrown Hungary out of the EU
Parts of it will remain, it's not like the fire is leveling it to the ground
It's *really* strange cultivating a hate for that reason in 2019, and you must be extremely angry with Germany, then, considering the occupation was a mere 70 odd years ago
Bulgaria, Denmark and Romania who have chosen to opt-in.
So Denmark gambled:first, on Austria hating Prussia/not caring about North Germany enough to drag its feet and keep the rest of the Bund from intervening on behalf of Schleswig-Holstein; and second, their English buddies obsessing over potential Prussian access to Kiel enough to intervene with another Peace Conference, resulting in status quo ante before the Bund-troops could effectively kick the Danish army out of Schleswig.
This Day i was working in the lounge
Amazing :)
I don't think in the US the rich states "invest" in deficit states.
You can't really be an internationalist without the nations
Whenever there is a Randy Scandi involved I always link to Öresundsvisan
I'll take them any day over the alternative though (DF and Liberal Alliance as a part of the government *shudders*)
Yeah they don’t want 20 kids and they don’t want condoms
automatic
It's time they learn how it feels to be neutral and occupied.
Tada
As a danish tax-payer I am generally pro-EU
Thanks
(Plus for many)
Lol that reminds me of something that happened on one of the few public bus rides I’ve taken
One for all, All for One
You do NOT have access to the water from this system
A high steel observation tower build for for a big fair a long time ago
And you know like fucking Linux
It's only loosely based on the Snow Queen
this is going to sound horrible, but I came across a very provincial mega supermarket for the first time in decades and kinda found out where they were hiding all the obese people.
Krydsild (Danish) = crossfire
YOOO THAT EPISODE IS A CLASSIC
That's pretty funny, I'm sure I could just speak danish gibberish to impress foreign women.
We dry them by hand, because why waste an entire cabinet on that
You are going to a restaurant, aren't you expecting to get something better or more interesting than you can cook yourself
The NATO states have jointly determined in 2014, under the influence of the Ukraine crisis, that every member of the Alliance should increase his defense expenditures within a decade to at least two percent of gross domestic product (GDP).
Denmark's treatment of Greenland hasn't exactly matched the descriptions of the small 'hyggelig' country I see other places
Swedish: most of it
For politics I don’t actually know
Article 50 has a set amount of time - 2 years to figure everything out
Danish and English do have some too
Meeting the queen or something I guess.
Im not arguing that capitalism is brilliant and flawless
I thought the Thrace-Istanbul areas had all those secular erdogan haters.
Then there is misundelse(noun)/misundelig(adverb) which is envy about belongings/status etc
The pH scale here in denmark
Because historical linguists have had it too easy for too long
You don't have to worry to much it's generally safe here, hope you enjoy you're trip :)
Bottom looks like a minecraft map
Copenhagen area: baked goods and sewer
You good
I mean many of the H.C. Andersen stories are quite grim when it comes to the originals
There are already some Danish Disney princesses from The little Mermaid and Frozen
i thought it was specific to Denmark
This is not helped by most Danes having subpar English pronunciation
Well he was usually referred to as the last dictator of Europe before all this, so is he actually making progress in his PR
Because immigrants from the MENA region don't want to move to Spain as the economy isn't as good as in Britain/Germany/Scandinavia.
As a dane I wouldn't mind if it was disbanded, and a Scandinavian Union was formed in it's stead
Now we also have "Den ternede Ninja" from the same guy who did "Terkel i Knibe" and it's also really good, though not as violent
[This] is the most expensive property for sale in my hometown at the moment, up for just under $2MM
They just seem to see a lot of things completely differently than others, seem to do certain things in their own ways etc
basically the closer you are to a town, the more likely you are to use "fjernvarme". almost all of copenhagen for example, use fjernvarme
Enhedslisten are not democratic socialists, they're just plain socialists.
Denmark is smaller, but the older country - so geographically I'd say Norway is our daddy, while historically we are theirs
Where's other only count official deaths if the patient had no other  complications beforehand, which makes numbers look much better on paper
Mary = Maria
From the other comments i've gathered: Acropolis and the Roman Forum are must-sees for you.
The grammar of verbs is usually translated to Danish
We have neutral and common gender
We're not coming back anytime soon
no, they don't. so strange
The politician also decides the rules for the climate, traffic etc
Iceland: sure not a lot of people live there, but it’s not an insignificant country, they have a lot of culture, nature and excellent cuisine (and people are really nice)
I think they were initially puzzled with the answer but clearly realised we were just very random in our vacation picks
My favourite from my time was during an exercise one of our guys had night watch and while he was sitting there he noticed someone in the woods
By H. C. Andersen
Yet to you, what most would call *culture* is "differences" in parenthesis
My qualms aren't with the system or the structure (we also only had four history lessons during the week in our sixth form level in Denmark, though it was obligatory to take it for all 3 years we have sixth form, though sixth form sisn't obligatory in itself)
The highest point is right behind a barn and not that interesting, so we tend to ignore the fact
In Danish Christopher Robin is named Jakob
Anyway, although several countries lay claim to having the oldest flag, the flag of Denmark is widely considered to be the oldest existing flag in the world
Train shares on the stock market overvalued and crashing.
I can't speak for Odense but where i'm from we had snow in the beginning of last year
Damn, Latvians striked me as some of the most anti-communist people around
Where are those numbers from
Well, Denmark isn't on the Scandinavian Peninsula, but it is part of the geopolitical area named Scandinavia because of the cultural and linguistic similarities
So I always get my sleep
Finally, maybe using the word "Ghetto" as a nomination for certain areas are not entirely politically correct, but any notion of those areas referring to Poland in WW2 is utter nonsense
icelandic, anyone
But I want to visit Estonia now
" or dead silence is what imagine the response would be :D
Also, it's a big issue that she's a commoner in the movies despite both our princes having married 'commoners' without any sort of backlash or issue from anybody or anything
Compared to Chinese or Arabic no.
Don't step out on the bicycle paths
was gonna say, this is really crisp video
The Finnish Civil War
I guess Greenland doesn't count considering it's not really considered a part of our country, but more so a part of our kingdom
Username checks out
What ? Are you a FBI agent or sth ? If you are, I’m telling you, you’re not a successful one lol :p
The introduction of Christianity was a pretty big thing, considering how powerfull the church would become in the following 1000 years
But birds are suspected of having carried it in there
I mean, we did really well at the WC in 2018, but I doubt we will repeat that
Hello, I named John, it happies me to meet you
#EuPlsKillFB
Chantal and Jacqueline were given a terrible after-life in American trailer-trash and British working-class naming conventions
Say two people become aggressive towards each other
If stable economic growth in an increased global economy was a competition southern Europe is losing.
Cool
But I thought the French would all agree they have the best wine
But here are the (belated) answers of the 2020 community survey
Likely even double that
If Denmark had been a euro member and wanted to leave we would have gained an extra debt equivalent to something like 10 great belt bridges
At the moment, we both just have a single land border to the south
There are also stories of him leapfrogging over foreign dignitaries, when they bowed to him
Funny how we use so many similar words
This is an Auschwitz for wildlife.
I don't really think of our media as too far left or right.
I'm just wondering
Thanks
We have the option of boy and girl scouts up until 2002-ish
Number of phonemes (vowels, consonants) by language in Europe
70 for a bag, and *everyone* brings their own bag - just like the law intended us to do
Ok so not fully irreversible, but it takes quite a lot more work than the rest of the operations transexuals usually undergo.
My girlfriend is Mexican and everyone I meet in Mexico makes that kind of joke XD
Even though, we have been at war with each other, we are still close neighbours
Languages are constantly evolving
It's as related to LGB as being a redhead or being a football player.
Its quite far removed from any of the Scandinavian languages
You drink booze, freeze your ass of and eat shitty food like the rest of us in Scandinavia - and you fought the Russians like men
Also, saw a 'fiend' at a cross and went the other way to avoid small talk
It's about 2:1 suicides to homicides
20% of Norways population, 16% of Finlands population and 14% of Swedens population live in rural areas according to [this] [this] and [this] That is out of a population of about 17 million people in total.
Wtf i was joking, and i got 27 downvotes haha
We have them in Denmark, but they're insanly expensive
Don't pretend you didn't imply it
Rusland - Russia
So if it _isn't_ socialism, and it isn't democratic socialism
It basically said that if a Dane sees a swedish person walking over the frozen Øresund, then that dane can freely walk over to that said dane and beat him with a stick, free of charge
Shit, you got me
I was so close to forgetting the sarcasm and actually being annoyed there, well played
The problem is that we're working with a "sample size of one" here since we don't get these virus outbreaks that often
"Haha France surrendered"
Denmark here
Europe is not a nation, but if they ever (god forbid it) federated, it could possibly rival US.
This is simiar to what scouts is in Denmark
That's damn near impossible to answer since it's so subjective.
UK: I want unicorn
It's kind of awkward to do and I don't think I've ever seen it written prettily
Though if you do that you can apply for something called SU which essentially is a government subsidy for students which can cover most student housing offers, basic food options and so on
9 out of 10 times you are wasting your time
"Tømme ryggen" = "Empty the back"
(German) (perhaps more *ja wohl*)
I've yet to see a neo-nazi shoot up a synagogue in recent years, yet that's what they keep promoting.
The sun barely goes down and it's summertime, and the weather is fine
Why do you Romanians keep trying to deflect and put me on the defensive?
Yes
I would say New Zealand is much closer to how we are
> Mette Frederiksen for sure, she seems to be doing a wonderful job in Denmark as their prime minister
In my experience, most of them are human beings just like me.
[The danish monarchy dates back to year 939]
So Lenin was Tatar
The victims deserve that publicity supports them, rather than just stick to what the newspapers wrote at the times
yeah, I think it's a good design.
It always seems a bit weird to me when Scandinavians complain about the prices
brb, moving to Sardinia now to become a pig farmer.
As far as I recall, the practice stopped during ww2, but I can't say for sure if it wasn't picked up after again
They just didn't have a choice until the 1990s.
I'm a student, so unlike the other Danes in here (that I've seen) I don't use Rejsekort
Drunk me says definitely
Global warming made sure of that
Dress for it and you'll be fine.
But Leffe and Hoegaarden (owned by InBev) are still seen as good Belgian beers, and can be found in many European supermarkets.
Østrig-Ungarn
Kæreste means “dearest” in Danish
That's definitely one likely reason but prudishness or something like that may also explain some of it
Along with Brittany it is the last remnants of pre-saxon Britain
Only ever encountered it without hellige/holy
A trade block creates the opposite - more freedom and more competition - in relative terms.
So in your example, if Italy would provide social security and pension to their own citizens, then they should do the same for the Belgian man
With memorial days I meant occupation 09/04, liberation 05/05, and "the day of the deployed" which is like septembre
Outstanding exhibitions and also some pretty unique findings
What are you afraid of
Thank you
There's not even a weird tendency to add "soft D" sounds to every word like they have in Copenhagen
I don't care if it was expensive
Middle-out compression
Depending on how we view the 'near' future, I'd say that this is very much possible
Why
But they mostly raided Slavic lands to the east.
BIG flag
He and his company were/are responsible for an insane amount of tax income for the state, so him/his company moving out of the country would've dealt a large blow.
We get it, you think it’s ugly and weird
usually read one/or some of it before going to sleep :)
I honestly think it's ridiculous that you just blanket remove anything from RT.
>	This isn't a difficult concept
Fries pork with parsley sauce
Ahh ok
And they almost all support free trade.
I see a lot of danish traditions being switched out with american ones and it actually makes me kinda sad because I know it’s also a thing in other countries as well
Here's a pic I took of it two years ago:
>§1
Is it the same
I haven't seen den i mange years, and selvom den er nostalgisk, så have it not aged so well
I think we saw police with sirens like 15 minutes later
Stay safe, mate
Not so much due to societal structures, but more due to norms:
Large earthquakes as far away as Japan, Indonesia and Chile have caused the water to 'slosh' in Devils Hole like water in a bathtub
Because they never visit 'Denmark'. They just visit 1 city and are amazed by people on bikes
i know what they are
In original yoga a posture(or asana) simply means to sit, a seated posture which is a meditative position with legs folded
So when we talk about what happened in the day and night, we say - this happened in a døgn
agreed, "tryk" would be press or pressure
I really thought it was dumb to link Indians with shit, also racist.
Usually we would just stand together in groups and do it
Most Danes do not have a flagpole or do the slightest form of waving a flag - Big or small - on those days
Not at all, and I use English extensively, as in I study at a university in England were I spend the majority of the year
The 1st of may, labour day
It's really weird seeing waves from east and west hitting each other.
A lot of passengers where on it when it crashed and tipped to the side
Correction, Europe with the exception of the Netherlands call it Holland ;)
Now that's a large scale bruh moment
Context matters
I won't say it's always wrong to deport people, and obviously there are many other factors involved, but it does feel a bit sketchy to me.
In Denmark they work in the agricultural sector and in cleaning - also a lot of students and some in tech and IT.
Americans would probably call these sodas tasteless
They are also known for being extremely petty about their apparent “authority” and will try to do short of everything to make your day worse
> 20CHF
As for how you learn - mostly, you just go to some quiet roads or an empty parking lot or whatever
I must ask what part of Denmark are you from
* Oil: 3,1 %
I'm not an expert on the topic, but I think it might be a case very similar to standard Danish and Gøtudanskt
I'm perfectly happy with paying my part of the bill for living where I do, and if I could ensure better services for the weakest I'd gladly pay an extra percent.
Only among some muslim immigrants and refugees.
I owe a 12-tal to that guy - I watched the entire series preparing for my oral exam in Danish history during my bachelor's.
The hardest part for non-native speakers is probably the [stød] or [glottal stop] sounds.
The reason you find it harder to understand is because you have more exposure to Stockholm Swedish, not because Skånsk is more different from Danish
>(2)Any person who exceeds the limits of lawful self-defence shall not be liable to punishment if his
To a degree
I don't understand why tourists visit Sweden or Denmark, and I say that as a very happy Copenhagen resident who wouldn't want to live elsewhere
I’ve known of a married couple who still call each other kæreste (means dearest) because it’s just way cuter than wife/husband
That was rad
This wasn't targetted at you, by the way
This was the entire year, very different from how we do it in Denmark)
I think the data from Denmark is incorrect or old
It means devils with the quality of being danish
Especially families like to travel to various Mediterranean resorts.
) and it always weirds me out even though I know they're just being polite
Most countries were not colonized by all sorts of different people like that at all
I didn't even know you were changing something.
It's awesome being bilingual (semi trilingual)
Hope this helps
At a jazz Club in Vienna with our School
When i Said “YOU” i was refering to the belgian person, not BELGIUM
Oooooooooooh
I looked it up as well - The difference is that I can enter Tajikistan with a Swedish passport
What worked for me was not the many schemes of bending words in school
If I want to go see cottages and rural stuff, I'd go to Devon or something
> That being said I'm all for EVs regardless of where the energy comes from right now
In Denmark I live the church in Marstal, since it is a fishing village, they have many beautiful homemade small ships hanging in the church, it is wonderful :)
Most Smørrebrød is made on a Rye Bread base.
The alemannisch variations spoken in Switzerland would, imo at least, fit better into the description of being a dialect
I think the -er adds pluralis to a scentence, doesn't it
Decades ago, that was what it was famous for, but now, meh
Active apathy, really
I mean in the sense that we don't wish bad luck on Sweden and we don't want to beat up a Swede if we meet them in the streets
I live in a 108m^2 2 bedroom apartment in central Odense with one roommate.
Yeah, it's him
Not a HUGE amount like 650 Euro, just 8% of Everything above a certain amount.
not to mention that he used to be a member of the most eu friendly party in parliament.
Took me a while to understand that is enough to just say that here
I've never trusted a word from The White House ever since i got into politics in college..
Wait, you guys really say *Geschoß*??? It rhymes with *Moos*?
Turns out it was our platoon leader out for a piss
Have met a few Russians, Poles, Chechs and Hungarians.
My grandmothers husband was from Als and my grandfather came from the Thy area, both of them were able to 'switch between the languages', so they would speak Thybomål and Alsisk with people who spoke the dialect, and 'Danish' with an accent, when people didn't.
Things like the fairytales of H.C. Anderson, the poems and songs of a lot of other romanticists
The sanctions against Russia are hardly noticeable.
It's not like you're going to be paid €5 an hour here.
" card
Because they are the selfish ones.
You can most likely find both extremes on that station since they have all sorts of different things.
Merkel is getting re-elected, so for her and Schäuble it isnt disastrus.
crossing the border] into Sønderjylland after the referendum to reunite with Denmark
It's not waste, it is a ressource.
I don't even think I know of anyone who drive a car to go to school.
The increase in EU money spending could be solved simply by a hard cap of maximum 200 euro per capita in net contribution
We will never be happy
UK can refuse to take them back.
But many, including respected politicians opposed a ban
Cargo and Transport manager probably
It is called a “dromedar”, which I assume comes from dromedary
Yeah paella is bland af
Because it's not just a matter of being strong, but also being able to trust that the strong entity you're a part of is one whose values you agree with, one which will be pulling in the right direction.
I eat them whole as a side
But what if it is seperated top/bottom instead of right/left
It really does boggle the mind.
Great way to build bridges to the ummah.
I'm about to do that right now
I still have it on VHS
Not sure if it counts as patriotic but born in the usa
Østrig-Ungarn - but it's also referred to as the Habsburg monarchy
Guess it’s a matter of taste
Not from Denmark, its in Norwegian
These people can go fuck themselves.
They frame socialism as _merely_ the establishment of welfare policies for the working class
Depends on the day and the agenda
When she became older and they were boyfriends, she would have sex with them in the house
It's good to see progress on this front.
That seems pretty obvious unless I misunderstands the question
Looks like Elrond more than an orc IMO
Ketchup
**#¤&}#**
They'd still celebrate some traditional Muslim holidays and stuff but they had basically become "culturally Muslim" and nothing more after arriving in Denmark, and his parents insisted that it was the only way they'd ever really fit in and "become Danish". His parents also made sure that he and his siblings were around other Danes, they didn't want to live in a "ghetto" or "bubble" etc
In Denmark we have ridiculous laws too -- i.e.
In most Nordic languages, this is actually pretty much what it says
District heating or central heating is by far the most applied method for heating homes and water here.
I've been to Stuttgart, Berlin and London
Denmark is better :( ^^^imo
Only need to change our proportions really
And all the issues with Greeks in Turkey and Turks in Greece during the 20th century were *purely* political
I actually don't really know why they do it
[Washington Post has a nice writeup
It's typically better outside the cities and Copenhagen has the worst water, although still fully drinkable
I think it should be “unionen” and not “foreningen” in Danish
Less than 1/4 of Americans could be arsed to vote *against* him.
In addition to the other Danish versions already mentioned, we sometimes say "Hvor kraverne vender" - where the crows turn around - to refer to something far away (from civilization, sometimes, but also just far away)
And i said churches in my country do NOT inherit money
Personally, I think dual citizenship is alright so long as strict and rigorous requirements for naturalisation are maintained
What are these moun-tains you talk about
The case for Denmark at least is easy to make
yes
**Denmark:** Norway's ex
To be fair, white Christmases are very rare in Denmark
I'm a republican, in the sense that I want to abolish the monarchy, but they currently enjoy a popularity rating of more than 80% iirc.
Other things are more universal, though media is referenced more than books
Rå løg
Propaganda is when untruth is consciously used systematically to smear opposition, and put it in an extremely negative light, and make yourself look way better.
Could you say "Me and my dog are going to the park for a walk" in swearwords
Plus the whole grade-average is so misleading
Også mig, tak
I read through the story you linked, and couldn't really find anything related to your statement
You're not allowed in our club
In English:
When taking my masters in Skandinavistik, I had a Swedish professor who off-hand mentioned how we call him Christian den Gode
Very accurate vice versa as well
Yes
The most cited one is wait lists, but we have to remember that this also applies in the US, difference is there it's the rich who get short wait times and the poor who go completly without
Same here
" by the Tories/UK media
The high salaries ain’t there for fun
Ahh I see
Is this some southern european joke I'm too cold and drowned in rain to understand
Basically, Jutland is divided into 3 different dialects - west, north/east and then south
That's a bit fucked up, just because it might further you're political ideology 20 people deserved to die?
No not as such
Or if "this" happened in a day
Especially at night
could tell
That's what makes it hard for me to understand in a lot of cases.
at få det automatisk oversat ville nok give nogle sære resultater"
We use mosquito to elephant as well
Thought about this today when we danced [Les Lanciers] in my school
Got several american friends living here
Swedes are stupid, don't listen to them
Those windows aren't particularly "crazy" or whatever
Are you telling me that you conclude indisputably without waiting that it was terror if he had brown skin?
ngl thought this was something along the lines of americans guessing european countries
Calling BT a newspaper is an exaggeration - it's a tabloid at best
Then nearly every other country with sizable EU-skeptic blocs would be clamoring to leave on the same terms and it would be the death of the union
It was only the far left that didn't see any problems during the migrant crisis.
Which words
You okay there
But in so much of the world these problems are ten times as bad
I remembering visiting Russia in high school and meeting with a danish professor there who had studied danish more than 40 years
Well I´m from Denmark and I have no idea what OUR facial features are - except I suspect we look quite bland :(
An iphone is also seen as a phone for people who isn't tech savvy
[But you haven't lived up to the conditions set forth in the past] So it's not like the EU doesn't want to let you join Schengen it seems like they won't because they believe there isn't enough  anti-corruption measures
Live a year in Copenhagen or Amsterdam and you’ll understand
Maybe the Opium Wars are not something we should proudly exhibit as a Chinese failure, when it's pretty clear that the West was in the wrong here
The land of the Danes stretched from Jutland to Scania, and the people inhabiting them where referred to as Danes, also in the Anglo-Saxon chronicles
Couldn't they see we were just minding our own damn business
I'm also a student - I get by with a student job and my SU
It's a despicable act, but not necessarily one of racism.
Over here only the cheapest beers are individually priced
The longest "stone throw" was 943 meters according to the journalist who did the check on the realtors adds
Our politicians are very well aware that Donald Trump is doing his own thing
Just mention that the welfare state at its core is a stupid idea
Danish has two systems for comma placement, one of which make no sense, but both are used leading to some confusion from time to time
A federation of Nordic countries could fulfill this role, put us on the world or at the very least European scene as a major player, and allow us to function independently of other nations.
* " Ingen ko på isen" (no cow on the ice) - no danger
There has been far too many school shootings, gun related crimes and gun related accidents
In Danish it means small butt cheek
They came from locals desiring independence from a regime that didn't represent them
We once visited Taranto on the east coast (2012)
&#x200B;
And tbh, in my case, I just don't think it's worth it
One day we will reunite Skåne and Slesvig Holsten under the glorious Danish Dannebrog...
Red pandas deserve to be the symbol of the panda name
Yes, but it was part of a populistic comprimise with the right wing party
Wow I thought you were better than that
DANMARK LÆNGE LEVE
This is too true, I usually take the bus to school & just lift my bag on to my lap to get out
But it wasn't crossing in from the Netherlands
) and realized I might have found it engaging as a kid, but as an adult I could feel it killing my braincells
5)\*20 = 50
And that it's made out of a gajillion islands, with one of them being the western half of Papua
Honestly the American embassy in Copenhagen fits that description, its a block of concrete, no detail, nothing
It's worth it for the incredible summer days though
I care what attitudes and values they bring into a western society
Teamachine salesman: It really takes the misery out of making tea
Traditionally liberalism (=libertarianism) was on the left, opposite to conservatism.
Domesticated cats are everywhere
Didn't understand a single word but agreed
fite me swedo
You’re just saying that because you’re Finnish
And again, it is not like you would be seeing jail time for it, but rather fines.
would take in refugees until they could return to their homes again.
Sometimes I really wish my first language was French or Spanish, having a lot of people learning it and thinking it’s beautiful
And it is being considered in more.
So not only did they not take parliament into council, they deliberately misinformed the parliament, which is a breech of "ministeransvarsloven".
Danish: Tablet
If not for "our" oil reserves, you guys would have been in, no doubt
This is also true
grab a yellow vest and be somebody
English definetly, some translations are just off and some sayings don't have a translation so it just sounds wrong
You forgot “nisseøl” the very light beer that you drink with “risengrød”
Hell, there's even better statues [just around the corner ]
They're quite bulky, and replacing hundreds of thousands of pieces of paper without anyone noticing is much harder than changing a few numbers in a piece of software.
France still has to pay for their mistakes
Well, the English seems rather proud of them being raided by Danes in the Viking Age, and they took our navy and terror bombed Copenhagen in the early 19th century, so I guess we're even
I have had them for like 20 years now and they're still working great
Maybe, though I can't imagine that would be much of an issue with kids
I would say the big guys operate internationally (in Europe), which makes things more complicated
Then it makes sense
It's not really uncivilised as it is just old-fashioned
Sausage party lmao
That a airline commercial is actually anti-white Marxist propaganda meant to destroy white culture and spread cultural Marxism
You are confusing law and ethics.
Then later I found out about CE, and then I read about their squad.
It means [mullet
I also paid rent when before I moved out
The same can be said about you, speaking gibberish danish
Don't forget there where the whole burning people alive because they might be witches
Attack helicopter etc etc
I'm honestly more confused now
I was thinking something similar, but I was glad to read this part in the article:
Just to add a bit of extra confusion into the base 20 system everybody knows and loves :-)
It’s disgustingly common for people to deny that racism even exist here (fucking lol what the actual fuck)
If the compromises made politically had been more pro-labour, I would have no problem with it; the problem is that it seems like we've reached a point where the Liberals are more than happy, or on some points even opposed to, the status-quo, resulting in them dragging "the opposite" way, a distinctly more liberal direction
Just always wondered since I've only seen it from dutch speaking people
There's an old Danish expression "at leve på polsk".
Sometimes when I have to get the bus home, I have to get the driver to repeat what they're saying a few times before I'm back to danish again
Hope you're doing well over there
Oh no, not at all
The King cannot declare war or make peace without the consent Danish parliament
Isn't land wind much more feasible in Ireland
Beer in the shower, beer while getting dressed, then 5 beerbongs while your mates and you catch up before the party
And it's clear that no one from the outside can help you sort out whatever it is you are going through.
Sweden's always making fun of us because of that, so yeah, why not.
That's why I added the question mark because I didn't want to offend him
IT and tech is super important to keep up to date with in regards to security
Og jeg har heller ikke hørt den fra mine venner fra andre dele af Jylland, men det er naturligvis ikke ens betydning med at dem fra vest Jylland ikke har den stereotyp
For some reason that reminded me of Aising Bea explaining how ["Irish people naturally all think they're good singers because of the natural sadness in our necks
I'm from 1980 and I remember a few of those "Crazy heat" summers because they actually stood out
Beer label
Denmark has other arty systems than those 15 though.
Brb, moving to Sussex
) film "Keeping Mum" was translated to "Svigermor(d)" which is difficult to translate directly back into english for you guys, but "svigermor" translates to "mother-in-law" and "mord" translates to "Murder
I never had any issue with McCain or Romeny
Has the German language stolen our "nisser" yet.
>:(  (we dont even own them, not really atleast)
That’s probably true, but it’s not even close to a country like Norway where there are like ten different words for I.
But yeah, some of them look gorgeous, and I really prefer the cool, fresh water over the lukewarm water you can get in the Mediterranean on a hot summer day.
People should not be scared when they see an officer of the law
The universites are public, are they not
But I think the theory is that very few Danes, compared to other countries, see the need for holding stocks, bonds and savings because welfare
I hope not, that's grounds for execution in old-USA
If you're sick, then you're sick
Because the internet
How can you forget Massive
i fail to see how that can be mandatory.
You do realize that gun shots cause the tissue to expand, right
Og vi beholder hende indtil, at Esben Holmboe Bang flytter Maaemo hjem til København
Ah, okay, good that it wasn't mean-spirited
He's probably already made up his mind and decided that it's because us weak europussies don't know what freedom really is.
Some 200 years ago the Nordics used to not be able to go a year without some bloody massacre taking place, either Denmark doing it to Sweden, or the other way around
The truth is USA and Denmark has been best buddies for the past 3 decades and jointly participated in military deployments everywhere.
And even that isn't really that accurate overall
They are also danish, I have no family connection to the Balkans.
SONNY
NOOOOOOO
I think we like our flag almost as much as the Americans do.
And if you go to the other parts of the Kingdom you suddenly have the Faroese Islands and Greenland
Stop, you're only making him stronger!
Depends on the day
I realise most people don't care or know anything about Africa, but it's still beyond me, how people don't acknowledge the fact that the African continent has the most French-speakers in the world
It's certainly considered one of the reasons why
We don't really baby proof our homes, except for a gate on stairs and a few other things
Duel on bike can only Danmark into victory!
We can technically use "love" as a verb (We love, we have loved etc
Probably not strictly COVID compliant, but we're pretty good about hand washing/sanitizing, wearing masks, etc
How could you tell, you must have supernatural powers.
They also have a scientist looking exactly like Gordon Freeman, the apocalypse could happen there any second
(I'm not a historian, but I believe we thought a bit too highly of our military prowess.
- TV2 hosts a charity show where viewers can donate X amount
You have to ban alot of shitty things if you follow your principle.
Actually if you read into the situation you will see they are in desperate need for funds.
I recently looked a bit on Korean grammar and there’s nothing intuitive about it
It's very racist
Sweden - using the German letters ä and ö is a clear sign that somebody is Swedish
Besides danes, germans, swedes and dutch who are so very easy to spot i also noticed a lot of expat kids who study in international school take on an American english accent and its obvious that they are non-native english speakers because you wouldnt find their accent anywhere in USA
We split up later that year, but the feeling of tranquility and calm as we made our way back to harbor on a wave-less sea will forever stand out in my mind
You mentioned Denmark, and positively even, but not Finland or Norway
The Netherlands Urology Association, and
, as it would with any accent, but yes, German accents can definitely be endearing or sexy
I guess they don’t think about how often we must hear it
Half the ppl in the US is moving to canada, im sure they arent just talking out of their ass with these things
Denmark would then pay Danish companies directly that amount we otherwise don't get back from EU
Only Sweden
Yea, gib england and norway back please, North Sea Empire Stronk
Don't leave us hanging, dude...
Uhmm, how do you exactly think you can avoid corporations acting unethically?
Frankrig - France
18c to 23c : "T-shirt and jeans, yay
yeah it's kinda just as dark as British
I  thought Nøkken wears a suit
That way power plants peak at around 95% efficiency in winter/cold times when there is a lot of demand for heat, compared to about 50% when it's electricity only.
Mostly an English sub - not much spanish
no difference based on national origin
I Think Kasem Said Ahmad would be a better idea
It's not like North Korea is a tourist hot spot
Ah I love Lego though, I'd totally go
0,63 m.
It should, but at least now something is getting done.
There's also:
The imploding turbine had broke breaks (as far I remember)
People still like many things about America, we all watch your movies and your tv series, listen to your music, read your litterature, play your games, and buy your blue jeans
Not quite 50 but still super warm
Why do you see these two situations as different?
The problem is how EU is borrowing money which the member states are responsible for paying back
Hard to make new friends if they’re not childhood friends
The D in Ciudad doesn’t at all sound the same as in fløde, but I digress
> I would imagine culture is also partly a result of government policy
That's my only real issue with the whole Catalonia issue since I obviously don't have any horse in that race myself..
Just remember to shout "The Danes are coming
I'm so glad i live in Denmark and not germany
It therefore has little bearing on you socially which phone you use
This means they may have to raise prices on everyone in order to cover the costs of running trains in less populated places.
5km and not as easily adapted to metric as your ~10
Thought it was a great idea to visit central France in my holiday
but they also didn't really have an answer to the difference
And if you're deemed to be unfit for release, you'll be put into forvaring, which is "in jail until we deem you fit for release"
Right now in DK we have light from 7:45 ish to 16:30 ish
Idk, at least in my social circles it's generally only viewed as wasteful, not sure if many people consider it flexing to have custom plates
Depends on the day
Depends on the Danes, if he showed up and just started speaking to a random Dane they would probably understand some of it but would fall of from time to time.
r/MacronDidNothingWrong
This tells us something about how the rich and poor lived
Belgium probably has more horizontal land than Norway tho
I cannot recognise this
>that can’t be said for any other European nation
Por supuesto, mi amigo
**Norwegians** are so much it almost hurts
Well, they're doing Valhalla now
Every ship who wanted to get in or out of the Baltic Sea through Øresund had to pay a fee to the danish crown
He was:
The     Central Union for Child Welfare “considers that circumcision of boys     that violates the personal integrity of the boys is not acceptable     unless it is done for medical reasons to treat an illness
the british and all the others were doping too.
Obviously no surprise our languages are similar, but they're *really* similar
We should make a religion out of this
The figure is barely over 2 injuried for everyone killed, at least [in the US:]
"Aren't you coming to the party
" A e u o æ ø i æ å, e a." which means  "I am out on the island in the river, am I".
But many, including respected politicians opposed a ban
Especially if the bridge will be built
I had more trouble supporting Danish presence in Iraq and Afghanistan.
We lost a lot of land though
Christian 4
Har Stockholm været kaldt Margaretborg?
It's legal to buy now now but not to carry it with you
Well, the Scandinavian languages all influence each other, and were descended from old norse as far as I'm aware
Wow a whole facility for wallstreet bets members
Apparently 'leopard' and 'lion' used to be used interchangeably in this regard:
Oh yeah, read "Familien" as "Frauen" on mobile.
Being European in the geographical sense isn't a value judgment or anything.
Woah, things are happening . They are happening fast right now
* Snave (Tongue kissing)
Sometimes it just means nice (example: det var en hyggelig dag = it was a nice day), but most of the time it means cozy
Some Danish parents also chose to keep their kids at home, and forego the payments
Rager: is rake or scrape
*Døgn* as mentioned by others is missing in English, I think
And the polls show a significant drop in support for the DPP.
I mean the EU could boycott the world cup
Because "the day before yesterday" is just a linguistical atrocity
Guess I've never had a fresh fish then
I don't know if this is enough.
Hope you weren't forced to say "rødgrød med fløde" for laughs more than 5 times a day
In Scandinavia it is not made from fruit, usually grain
The more political minded feminists I know usually use the day to set a focus on male problems.
The implication of the first part was that Greece's numbers are inflated by the amount of people moving their businesses there exclusively to enjoy the weather
We have a whole island called "amager" which is where people where taken to be executed by decapitation - it's now a part of Copenhagen
Everything I can find on the topic says that people aged 65+ and those who are already suffering from other dangerous illnesses are the groups most likely to die from the flu
lots of companies still do
Took SPD long enough to realize there's a red majority in the Bundestag
I lived in Australia for about a year, and they are generally much more conservative, old-fashioned and religious than we are when you get outside of Melbourne and Sydney
18-25 = ideal for me
Good luck here :)
So the name is significant in this case.
Did you get to see what you wanted
- Holy fuck, fix your roads
In the German border we would be waved through unless you looked suspicious somehow, and would be subject to a search.
You shouldn't just give away more than you have.
I wasn't a fan in the beginning either, but now I don't mind it
More awareness of issues like racism and to some extent sexism.
I have a very strong Vendelbo accent, which is like a farmers accent
Either way, I really wouldn't count on Spain being nice about any country recognizing Catalonia's independence, I'd seriously expect them to veto Scotland ever joining the EU if it was to happen
Not gonna try banana curry pizza either
No, people should be in that kind of position
A U-boat is a boat that sails above water but has the ability to dive
I imagine where cultural differences would show most Is in suburbs
The attack even hit patched computers by going through unpatched ones and shut down several companies as well as most government assets of Ukraine from what I remember
But isn't that exactly an expression of that?
Some of it might be cultural too
I completely second this
Allegedly the birthplace apparently
If Iron doesn’t float in my water, I'm not drinking it
Builds fences to prevent a massive uncontrolled influx of migrants and refugees over their borders?
Sweden - Sverige
Futtog = Toot-train
Good one
Good code is not just effecient code, it's also the comments, naming, documentation, etc
And being invited to eat strawberry cake a staff member brought to work
There is an expectation to be independent I'd say, you're not longer a child after all
Internationalist
No way they ever even informed people about its existence, much less sought out students for it
Just in time to explore dank memes.
I can confirm this
I don't really mind
**Bornholm:** Fishermen
We always need to go and kindly ask people, if they would be so nice as to take a table in the central room
But, tbh, it was very brief and we never covered anything like that again
she seems to think that heels are ok to keep on inside
If anything, using the Opium Wars as an example of Western supremacy over China (or Chinese failures), is much more likely to actually stoke a feeling of needing to fend off the West and to reclaim what was 'taken' (Center stage in the world)
Ironically polish immigrants are also terrible for western europe, and piss and shit all over the place
Very sarcastic (like everyone else's on this thread) and sometimes racist/sexist
I love this song because it does a good job in telling their story
What did you think the bell was for
And then they report on the place.
En/et hamster (a hamster)
Angela Merkel explains why opening up society is a fragile process
It was amazing
Oh yeah, some people use papand instead of høstblomst, and that translates to "cardboard duck".
With the windmills being the lowest subsidiaries
He's still in braces
* Clinical dieticians
Swiss cheese in a ham and cheese toast, italian on pizza etc, know your cheese and use it in the best possible way
And it could also explain why so many germans apparently think that danes doesn't speak german :-/
Learn English from about 6 years old in school, choose between German or French at age 11
Every year (except for this crazy 2020
close enough
I wish they had used what good will they had to try and get things like this through, instead of their forced economic migrant quotas.
That pool of public funds should be distributed according to party membership, to lower the fiscal barrier of electoral participation, instead of further raising it.
Aquavit - Scandinavian culture right here
BRUH
After having just had a quick look through the cast lists of Vikings and The Last Kingdom, there are far more Nordic names in The Last Kingdom cast
Don't know why i even visit this sub
We'll take Sweden you take the Baltic Sea.
I 1741 manglede den enevældige Christian 6
Rush here in case of zombie apocalypse
Like the little flag or the picture of Jesus
I don't think in 2016 an developed country like Denmark
In my part of Denmark (the one closest to Sweden) it absolutely isn't, Sweden isn't viewed like that
true, a politician doesn't need to "believe" in climate change.
Other countries like my own would also have to have a referendum as we can't give away sovereignty without a referendum and I would bet that we would have voted no.
So perhaps give them a break (or at least the benefit of a doubt).
ÆØÅ
I've spent countless Easter and autumn holidays in Moniga del Garda not far from Sirmione
Here's a [picture] I took of it
” mean the same as “det er super
Copenhagen in Danish is København, which litterally means "Buy-a-habour"
Hardeknud was son of Knud the great ruler of Denmark and England
The rate is always 1euro : 7.5 dkkr
Except for Japan not spending a dime on defence what's not to love about them?
Taler sgu ik svensk hva sagde du
Here they are [
You guys kinda need our permission first!
There are a lot of Danish dialects, I'm just lucky to be from one of the less notable ones
China does though, so your argument falls short
While cost of imports of course do rise, the extent to which that ends up impacting consumers is much more uncertain (because lots of costs are within the UK, like paying staff, storage, transport etc).
The smørrebrød?
They also guarantee you entry into a Civilingeniør program though.
Personally - and for people I know - it is about price vs
We prefer to be called "Modern Day Windtalkers", thanks
I actually only drink tap water, bottled can have harmful chemical in the for it to taste good
A surprise to me
This is so cool
Schmeichel
I think its very sad that all those minks have to be killed
In this sense unions in France might be more powerful, but not necessarily as influential as unions in Denmark
And here the sport clubs are part of the city, not the universities.
And it just isn't. And if you point out that many of their issues simply doesn't exist in places like Denmark, they freak and tell you, you're in denial or anti-feminism
my thought to all of it is that it's screwed up
This post blew up
“Like of course we have individual racists but no systemic racism
Not OP, but several reasons
Du er eddermaneme død skidespræller
Map with references and level names can be found on my profile
yes it is
There's something surreal about this picture, but I'm not sure what
I don't really get why you prefer trucks over vans
You actually say that
The offence being considered is “publishing violent images,” which under certain circumstances can carry a penalty of three years in prison
Oh no
Nah, strøget
Netherlands and Denmark are just painted on
Or we invite our neighbour Germany to join us against those pesky Swedes, and their allied.
My father understands Swedish fluently, while I have to work hard to understand it.
There may be a mish-mash of Danish/Norwegian/Swedish/Icelandic accents, but at least they're more authentic than "Hollywood Scandinavian".
Denmark is sandy beaches, friendly people, clean air/water, bike culture, amazing food, architecture, all hygge and no drama
Norway is very very lovely, i have been several times and i want to go there again
Väska (Swedish) = bag
That should, say something
Probably the [firework disaster in seest ] atleast that’s what I remember as being the worst
It's a bit as if we looked at what Europe was doing and decided to take the worst ideas available and add some of our own bullshit on top
, Argentina, Egypt, The Philippines, England, Italy, Slovakia and myself from Denmark at the table
In Jutland, we have quite a lot of fields, often a few kilometers away from any houses, and atleast like 20km from a little town
Good thing we 'Muricans are the 100$% freest so we can choose to go bankrupt for calling the ambulance
There is already close relation with Lithuania in the nordic counsil, so if they are good bike raiders than we can only vote yes
Yeah, it's definitely unambiguous as far as the status of the relationship is concerned
Such an overlooked beautiful country
Sometimes I have that same thought, but then I remember that only 6 million people on the planet speak it, which is 0,08% of the world population
I remember a few times when Danish Zoos would have to kill an animal for some reason and would do it publicly
> How, in your view, is the labouring class not emancipated yet
figure out how to run your own country before you try to run ours
You aren't going to get any kind of Neo-Ottoman Empire and the Turkmens in Syria are already protected.
Second this^
” Fucking stop
Even worked in München for a year ;) - Biergarten never ceases to be great fun in München though!
Meh, if we want to concrete over all our countryside then we could keep this up for another 100 years.
Since I grew up on Hollywood films and english video games as much as anything Danish I understand it very well and use it daily, I have tried making it more smooth but its difficult, and I have actually found myself thinking in English as much as Danish when I try to write fiction, since many of the books I love the most I read in English and draws inspiration from those as much as anything I learned during school
How's the military's loyalty
Having a conservative and dogmatic religion has ALSO been a huge problem, because it has created social control and isolated, parallel communities
The problem is exactly that there is a learning curve.
And appointed a new temporary government that made peace with the Germans
Logos all day everywhere you go
I have absolutely no concerns about eating them.
There's nothing soviet about punishing the circumvention of law when done maliciously.
Yes I have internet
Exactly
Yeah, real nice of the US to export their lying, racist and bigotted politicians as ambassadors
Usually we like to treat everyone with a certain amount of respect and we prob don’t think that authority should be treated (very) differently than our selves
I don't remember when i learned to ride but my four year-old nephew just did
Connecting Jutland and Sweden* ;)
Here in Denmark we say "volapyk"
Pis og fuck er vel de mest brugte
That's because there are serious parallels like intolerance with rhetoric against minorities being harmful to America, and foreigners taking away what rightfully belong to Americans (jobs).
You Finns are funny with your tango passion by the way
Only a small, particulary pedantic subset of people would claim that it isn't. But for some reason, that subset it bigger when the discussion relates to healthcare
Poland and Hungary are putinizing
dude wtf
What throws me every time is the abbreviations
You can't annoy Denmartians
All of our houses are bricks
I was actually more surprised by the amount of people who didn't know it existed, it has been debated quite a few time the last century.
He was passing by the island when he received news of the birth of his daugther, so he decided she should be named after it (I imagine more thought went into it, but it was a long time ago, so the story is pretty barebones)
Mentally it meant alot though Slesvig and Holsten had always been important to danish nationalist, our king even wanted the whole of Slesvig back which turned out to be the last time the monarchy tried to influence politics.
Even wartime execution powers can be used by a government acting in bad faith to execute dissidents
Is there any rightwing political parties in Europe that have not scamed the EU for money?
It's disgoosting
who did that
The amount of casual speakers is growing at a bigger rate every day due to the internet
No, it should just make it clear that it is a passport from a country in the European Union, like it already does with the text
Outside of the occasional “pagan” or “Wicca” hippie, no
They ride moose, which is pretty cool in my opinion
A microbiologist create some money and has a skillset that is not easily replaced and the pay reflects the demand
but not taking your shoes off when you get home
We like them for the cheap soda, beer and candy you buy at the borders hops
> it’s probably the only way to transition away from fossil fuels fast enough
I Bet you he is American ;)
I think what they try to do, is inspire some sort of interest in the culture/country where the language is spoken (in my case German and Spanish), in the hope that if you become interested in it, if it becomes more than a just another school subject, you will try to learn more, and actually remember some of the language.
Noone else would say that here
Szuøskd sldløåø?
Norway have 3 land borders: Sweden, Finland and Russia
* 1866: The king and the largest landowners(Lords) get the right to more seats in the Landsting, which was one of the two chambers of the Folketing
Yes
I think it's great
Of course, that also means that imported goods get more expensive.
also Hagelslag
Basically with the danish model, people aren't really required to be able to speak the same language.
Lick the coin and find out
From  the tap it is always
Why not just dry them off by hand and then you'll have a whole other cabinet to put stuff into
Their Gripens have no chance
Bornholm being so bad the locals have to speak "Rønnefint" ("fine language from Rønne") to be understood by non-islanders.
porre in danish means means a leak (as in the plant) and my family had a game with wierd word plays when I was a kid
Urgh
Free university up to and including Masters.
Ah yes, I was thinking we didn't have one but  I'd forgotten Lars and how big Historien Om Danmark was, for example
British farmers voting to fuck themselves over.
For some reason it has gotten the reputation of being full of scooter/moped riding wannabe gangster teenagers who's worst sin is staying out pass their parents' curfews
So I don't really identify with the city or the area where I live
Countries part of the Nordic Council can migragte to other countries in the Council and by sending some papers they can gain citizenship in the other country.
Var det det
Split North and South Sweden, and we have 25/25/25/25 power distribution.
Except that bill, according to the article, does recognize the Armenian Genocide.
" as well though
Turns out you just replaced one dictatorship with another
I'm fairly sure that he knew about us at some point, but it is of course likely that he have forgotten us
Before you know it they've given it back, and then we're stuck with Malmø on our side of the border
Would be about 30-35€ in Denmark
It is unfortunately a bit out of the city and they are not re-stocked so often
As someone who's still learning German, I would root for "das Nutella". Maybe because it is neuter gender in Danish, which can be interpreted as neutral gender
Middle names are pretty common
No I got that, I was simply responding to your "stronger dialects" part, as for me it seemed like an odd word choice, no offense meant of course, it's just a common thing I meet as someone from Jylland living in Copenhagen
Fuck that noise
In a sleepy residential area none the less
Apparently that worked
In our countries, whites make 95% of the people and why would whites be against themselves.
In Kalaallisut, no, there's only U and I dialect.
My neighbour whipped out his grill in mid March, while the temperature was still just around freezing
What we have together is so frail
I still do not think this gives Scandinavians any reason to believe that is a true reflection of the strength between these two regions.
8 killed
we just realize the whole thing about being from sjælland is a complete paralel to being from Jylland
Most consider him to be a disaster of a King
They were disappointed as there really not much to do there
I don't like them, but I'm not surprised that they get so much support.
Because when the currency is fixed to others, it can't act stabilizing.
Hvad fanden siger du til mig, skal jeg smadre dig?
But like this we have our secret language even we don't understand xx
My guns (sports shooting is a very fun hobby)
You you like to correct that
When did EU become this piece of trash system
Of course, it's no fun exercising a sore muscle, so
Can't all sound beautiful like italian
I like how we all act so suprised and we all think they’re so noble
and show that a Liberalconservative uptopia is indeed possible
As I then found out, the woman in the next seat was not only also Danish, but her grandfather had been my English teacher in school
The gender neutral aspect is quite fun, too
I for one am happy that it's already t-shirt and shorts weather
Makes me so angry
Generally speaking Europe is way more secular.
I could write a whole rambling about how tired I am of the potato jokes and how I feel like they may legitimately hurt our language but I’m too tired
So my email is something like abc@live
Denmark kicked off the first Muhammad cartoon controversy, so we should be the first to support you
Oh, I wasn't trying to convince him
They actively cling onto their own culture, own norms, own views, own values etc
With two actual French nationals married into the family.
It's just my phone
she seems to think that heels are ok to keep on inside
Using the Roman Empire as a standard for what is European or not is problematic as best
Jokes on you
In Zealand, easily Brøndby Strand
They produce egg trays from recycled paper
I'm guessing korv has to do with cow sausage
Meh we will probably vote into some of or most of the changes if our politicians actually ask the public about the individual questions last time they tried to make us full members of Europol, they tried to backdoor like 14 other things that we didn't vote in but they could agree to join later without asking the population.
Does pepsi taste better in russia
Well, Denmark isn't on the Scandinavian Peninsula, but it is part of the geopolitical area named Scandinavia because of the cultural and linguistic similarities
I dont understand this sentiment.
I guess they were hoping things wouldnt get to this point
In Denmark er have a "statsminister" which is translated to Prime Minister
Until I learned differently I thought Athens was all the best parts of Rome (the old ones) just Greek instead
Ofc everyone can visit their dead family, i just dont mind paying a tiny tiny tax for this
Interested in why you think it wouldn’t work just because you have larger population
Eg articles about Ukrainian refugees leaving to Russia have little to no space.
It doesn’t seem to prevent anything
No don’t
You're the one behaving like a child, and showing a child-like level of ignorance about law and history.
Even in Denmark I can totally feel the (pretty mild) difference between winter and summer
Etc
I have Russian friends som who prefers Putin and some that prefer Navalny.
They replaced it with a giant soap foam machine last year for us, 150
Mrs
We don’t use genders at all
Some even have taps with both normal and carbonated water if they're rich enough/live at the new Nordhavn
He complained at Toyota for considering a factory in Mexico rather than the U.S.
If thats true than skåne is a part of Denmark
My bad
I’ve never looked at the name that way
I replied to one a few minutes ago.
Not Brandend Zand
Eh, Copenhagen and Aarhus are within 14 spaces of each other
[San Marino Plates]
Lækker is also used the Dutch way in Danish
You're probably gonna have to wait *a few* lifetimes anything interesting over there
Electromagnetism
Did you get to see what you wanted
Interesting, personally i thought the series got worse after season 2.
My French level is sub-par, and my Italian never grew beyond casual conversing with family members when I was a kid
Swedes and Norwegians will point to Lappland, but Lappland itself is named after the Lapps/Sámi
I visited Poznan once for a tennis tournament
Both carlsberg and Tuborg are Danish
I actually do it myself hanging out the window - slightly dangerous
Mind you, I'm a danish women living in Denmark atm, and don't really follow UK mens hair fashion, so it mostly based on the hair I see on tourists or my UK friends when I lived there
They speak Danish in Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Iceland, but I don't think it's really the native language any of these places
>Lord Palmerston
I understand that it raised some debate when the zoo animals' union succeeded in negotiating three months of paid maternity leave for rodents
As a Dane, I have no idea what you mean that we think people from there are harder to understand
Du skal lige have at vide at jeg graduerede i toppen af frømandskorpset, og jeg har været involveret i adskillige hemmelige angreb på Al-Quaeda, og jeg har over trehundrede bekræftede drab
Ugly as hell, but that's just my [handwriting
I know of them and have met several since I have studied at the Middle Volga - Nizhny Novgorod in 1993.
It's a gorgeous city and I can't recommend it enough if you're in Spain
But it's definitely an interesting question
But it gets more complicated
iirc the slaves did a lot of building of houses and such in Copenhagen
Or you can take the boat to the base camp located on an altitude of 21 meters
American manufacturing jobs are down.]
In the real world it is rubbish
GDPR is all about protecting your data and digital ownership - I.E. You can't just copy an image and sell it without permission
That’s what happens when you have a “rebellious for the fuck of it” culture
Where's other only count official deaths if the patient had no other  complications beforehand, which makes numbers look much better on paper
Why do you think the most shit on cities and areas in Denmark, are the areas that are mostly working class, and are shit on due to stuff associated with stereotypes about the working class
But I'm talking about a language surviving as the main tongue of the majority of the population, not the supremacy of said language in every field
I mean we have a snake that is a little bit poisonous but no one has died from it since like 1920?
But by the time GB has left EU
But honestly, I've given it some thought and it would be super cool if there was an international language that nobody spoke as a native language
That being said I still appreciated getting to know the BIG MUZZY STORY / Muzzy in Gondoland all the same :P
But we’ve been vaccinating with modern a for a while now so clearly there’s no reason for us to complain about US hoarding it
This is pretty funny
>Drømmer jeg, eller er jeg kommet i himmerrige
The Czatoryski family probably got another lucrative deal under the table in return.
Ehm
Until they have a conclution no legal action will be taken
r/Dankmark for Danish memes mocking Sweden and r/unket for Swedish memes mocking Denmark
&#x200B;
And maybe some bullet-shaped salmiak liquorice
Greenland's prime minister already said no  to the offer, and the Danish prime minister said that Greenland is Greenland's, so even if Denmark would sell it, we couldn't. Trump has the impression that Greenland is like an overseas territory or colony, which as empires used to do, could be sold and bought and traded
I've always only ever known the German afterski songs
Why does it bother you that i dont give a shit about paying a very small amount in church taxes when im agnostic
My friends from the city like to make fun of it but always in a playful manner, never malicious
Why would you have such a strong opinion of something that you didn't know
Garlic sauce is pretty common, and kebab sauce with kebab pizza
The æ-form is used when you're *doing* something
* Pikhede (Penis heat)
They succeeded after bombing the capital, after which Denmark surrendered the fleet
You can use it to describe people, describe the mood around you, describe your new lovely lamp
Im not sure if normal busses keeps driving here between 00:00 and 05:00, but they have special ones for drunk people get home with quite a few places.
That seems rather dystopian, but don't you think we'll essentially just make Brave New World at that point?
It's just such a ridiculous project, but would be so awesom if it was ever build
Suck it Sweden
So will any of this get approved of by the council and if not then why not?
Desværre overholdes det slet ikke - det er det samme i Norge og Sverige
Sweden is not alone, the entire region is standing together...
Gonna need a source on that one, sounds fishy
Where do you think there is the highest risk of death
I began meditation though With a purely spiritual not religious purpose
That would be *extremely* unusual here
Welp, looks like it's time to board ships and demand ransoms.
Gulf stream + coastal climate
My first thought was Bertel Haarder, who was a minister at the time, who broke down in anger and swore at the journalist because he was interrupted while eating rice pudding to go on television and now didn't even have time to go to the theater
Josef was just the smarter of the two monsters
When it's provided and planned and you bring your own: not very polite
That's like the whole point
In Denmark students have English from grade 1 and either French or German from either grade 5 or 6.
> My country is a separate case its not based on differences but deeper political reasons and prior propaganda it has nothing to do with the subject
Always knew something was different about Sjælland
> If you looked as of right now to the cultures of those countries you will notice that there are many many similarities both genetic and cultural, although the latter is more common
Snow
But muh glass of wine when I cook
A lot of languages with compound words just mash the seperate words together (like the danish word for peninsula is half-island)
> Is today the date that the Netherlands were liberated
They were all Dutch
I wish Ursula good luck trtying to force her migrant distribution scheme in effect
I do agree with much of this, but to say that all important is safe is sadly not true.
Although I do expect more than "it sucks" or "it's great".
i didn’t know it was 112 europe wide
Also why does Greenland seem distorted in a weird way
Like Disneyland
The money spent is not necessarily a reflection of the military capacity of a country.
Yes, of course they do
I much prefer northern dishes to southern dishes
Hopefully the stupidity of the far right will backfire on them spectacularly, lending enough political capital to reform EU.
Greece currently exists at the mercy of other countries
Why does this traitor not love his motherland?
We are abit dumb, don't tell the others
It also helps that most Danish dialects aren't that hard to understand in the first place, with a few outliers
I'm sorry if this is misrepresenting Belgium like that
Why has this industry been allowed to survive for so long
Amen brother
never heard about 'millenials' and 'boomers' before encountering americans on the internet
I've been there once before, so perhaps I should choose a place I haven't been to before, but I kind of feel like if I knew it'd be my last visit *ever* to the country, I'd go for a place I just really liked, rather than an unknown.
Stay
Every Christmas I get the same “WHAT
Indeed, my good sir
I wouldn't call it tradition but it does exist
I actually used to have a big Stars & Stripes hanging over my gun cabinet so it couldn't be seen from the outside through the window
Don't know
Angela Dorothea Merkel fought alongside Elrond, son of Eärendil and Elwing, in the first age
Even though the Brits on the show repeatedly explained to him that it wasn't.
If I'm still hungry after then, I'll probably be grabbing a mix shawarma and chicken pita bread at one of the many shawarma joints that stay open all night in Copenhagen
Gotta calm down the angry mink gods somehow
I can take a step outside my front door and see several flags every single day here
Well it's not like any EU country are good at keeping refugees - sometimes refugees have been actively moved closer to wanted destination.
Yeah it is, and tbf I wouldn't expect a Norwegian to know what seksoghalvfjerdsenstyvende is
On the other hand, you guys need to develop your economy away from tourism, that shits not the same anymore - especially post COVID
Thanks
But the same things said by him have been said by George Takei and various other actors, but that wont get blown up in a defamation campaign by these papers because they aren't part of the alt-right but ideological allies.
* Integration of immigrants and refugees has, overall, not been a succes-story, and instead of building an integration-system that works, governments have, since the 1990'es, instead created ever harsher quotas and made it harder for people to integrate, pushing away the necessary immigrant labour for our domestic industries, allowing it to be replaced with often black-leg or unorganised foreign labour, which, in the former case doesn't pay taxes, or in the latter case, further undermine trade-unions and collective bargaining
The US always responds monstrously out of proportion to any suspected attack
As for the comparison with Russia, I think there's a lot of duplication of effort in NATO that drags down what we're actually getting out of the budget.
They should close that monarchy in shame, along with the rest
But before the Swedes conquered Skånelandene they were danish, but were assimilated
That was some serious fucking pain but luckily it didn't last too long
Solen = The sun, is Together-gender, and so is Månen = The moon
I expected something resembling Italian food in Malta.
>Extremist Islamic terror has happened, and the perpetrators of such terror attacks tend to be Arab, therefore we should stop offering asylum to Arabs
That’s amazing (!)
that gets taxed
Our fellow Nordic brethren are always welcome here in Denmark
When the oil crisis and south east asia cheap production caused a higher unemployment level the economy was in deep shit.
Thanks :)
From only being like less than 200 people in 1850, by 1857 it had more than 1200 inhabitants.
Historians tend to disagree
Letland - Latvia
But it's cheaper to fly, so why bother
If anything, using the Opium Wars as an example of Western supremacy over China (or Chinese failures), is much more likely to actually stoke a feeling of needing to fend off the West and to reclaim what was 'taken' (Center stage in the world)
In many countries a variation of it called quadrille (or something) is more known
It's a bunch of songs, then a "How do I find my Iphone", "How do I look", "How do I find my Steam ID" and "How do I update my drivers".
There's obviously a cap by what is physically possible, but it's not the main concern.
Among the younger generation it's also quite common to see English words conjugated using Danish grammar
It might be more of a teen girl show but with what I've heard it could be good.
If the list is pre-given, the headline is streching the truth
If you reject the idea, you must reject arguments based on the idea
* The liberals have had great succes undermining trade-unions the last 20 years, which, because of the succes of so-called 'yellow' or 'ideologically alternative'(read 'liberal') trade-unions, have led to labour been overall weakened when it comes to collective bargaining
and they're rarely, if ever, mentioned in the news where i live
Can Eesti finally into nordic
And what is the deal with [snowmobiles] We don't get that down here, are you all stark raving mad or what
Visiting Hamburg a decade ago, I was surprised how many lederhosen I saw
North Korea doesn't trade with anyone, and they've got nuclear arms
You might pretend you are that guy from TV, and sound like him
This place looks to beautiful
>55 would be "half of the way to three (starting from two) times twenty and five". (2
Religion would probably have been a better name, as we didn't just learn about Christianity but also other religions
It’s also a bit of a shock for foreigners moving here
A while ago I believe there was a survey that proved worldwide people preferred dogs so probably dogs
Actually that’s Sweden discreetly surrendering
Let's hope it useful - it's a 4 billion DKR waste plant and we have a decreasing amount of waste to burn.
If they try coming to Europe, we put them on a boat back to North Africa.
In my view, emancipation of the labouring class, and the personal freedom that modern liberalism promotes go hand in hand
Kittel (Swedish) = kettle
>he blamed Brexit uncertainty for his decision to drop plans to build a research and development base in the UK, which will now also go to Germany
we didn't have lego back then
It's quite clear that it's been a bad deal for every country letting them in.
Once one gains power over the other, however, there is an inevitable conflict
This is true
(The Denmark-Iceland union was abolished in 1944 and Iceland became a republic)
A tiny bit
Dutch sounds like a German trying to speak Danish
build the armies, increase funding - the money has to come from somewhere...
Culturally, they are very distinct ofc
But that's the closes you get to it
Some of us are forced to still use paper tickets (Klippekort kan rende mig i røven)
If someone speak Swedish or Norwegian too me at full speed I will not understand much if anything, if spoken at like 75% speed and perhaps a bit more simple language it's no problem.
Coudnt find a definite answer), so we come last in healthy youth culture and soberism
Don't feel like I'm missing anything, bad smelling fish has ruin it for me
Anyway, according to Wikipedia it is in decline and has been so for some time
No, people should be in that kind of position
Making new friends here is very hard - just ask any expat working here
But income tax is close to 50% if you earn more than 544
It has its defendants, but generally it is the joke of the whole nation
Vikings are as danish as it gets
To see and understand how ethnic minorities are integrated different places in Europe
Same reason why places located at Northern Africas tip never really gets "that hot", the Mediterranean Sea cools it down
What about **Plague Rats** then
England would be the 6th biggest country in Europe.
And: DK and, EN duck (DK og)
2020 at it again :(
*mumbles* Rød grød med fløde, haters *mumbles*
[Heri Joensen of Týr fame explains it fairly well here.]
But in terms of international law, this is as much a war crime as Japan attacking Pearl Harbor in peace time was
What do you mean
&#x200B;
I know, it's not healthy, but I don't smoke, rarely drink alcohol or other unhealthy stuff
Why on earth should we return what was given originally, unasked for, as a gift
I think that countries like Germany or France are big
The memories of sitting on the can reading this.
Muahahahaaa
Copenhagen area: baked goods and sewer
Often, the issue is fixed in a week or two
On the other hand
Well that can be mended
We where somewhere in Croatia
Sounds interesting
Is everything flowers and lollipops
But if we don't, if a US president who's convinced that global warming is a hoax manages to stall progress worldwide, then, in 4 years time, we'll pretty much have used up our *total* CO2 emissions budget forever.
I have no clue what it was
Denmark is the bar owner
I noticed you didn't comment on how people arbitrarily claim free healthcare isn't free, but free road usage is
Especially politicians are in the crossfire right now
And that's a good thing, because here in Europe we produce great automatics, just look at the DSG
When I first got there, I felt scared because I'd heard that it was a dangerous city, but it completely won me over.
I grew up just south of the border, and my mother put all of us in the danish private schools
everyone: **panik**
We even have a special kind of cake, which is sold in most bakeries around the country known as "kajkager", or kajcakes
You have Lewandowski and Krychowiak.
Only need to change our proportions really
nope
>But I know that one person's opinion does not reflect the majority
En aftale mellem Naalakkersuisut og regeringen om gennemførelse af selvstændighed for Grønland skal indgås med samtykke fra Inatsisartut og skal godkendes ved en folkeafstemning i Grønland
We have an average humidity of like 200% or something, and rarely a day goes by, where the wind doesn't blow at least 5 m/s.
To make it even harder, the d in *mord* is silent
Is it related to *kein*? No, it's not
The music and heated seat is a bit over the top for me though.
It’s gradually growing year by year too, as connecting roads are traffic sanitized as it’s called, when cars and parking spaces are deprioritized
Denmark didn't try to conquer Schleswig-Holstein in 1848 or 1864.
We have something from a children's song called "bakke snagvendt". You don't really talk it, but you can say words in it
I’m scared
\- Huge, diverse country
It's not as if you're gonna be attacked or anything, as everyone else is saying, it's safe, but the muslim faith is probably the most divise thing, albeit still only a minor issue.
Thought that was agar
I love the name Amelia, but I’m afraid it would be pronounced odd in my language
[Brønshøj Boldklub]
I hope you wrote it with a glint of humour in your eyes, and if not then I'm sorry for laughing dear neighbour
It gave England leverage on both sides of the strait, and made it a contender in the continental powerplay
Except for Copenhagen, everyone hates people from Copenhagen
> How, in your view, is the labouring class not emancipated yet
But it was voted down in Folketinget due to "national security concerns", which translates from bullshit to English as "it would piss off the Jews (in addition to Muslims), therefore it would piss off Israel and by extension also the US".
Simply because there is a fully fledged dialect continuum within the upper German languages/variations/dialects that connects all the variations
Why wouldn't we continue to be in a defensive alliance with the USA, they are an extremely close ally.
But no, it's the children who are wrong
There was a Dwarf in Old *Norse* mythology called Austri, as part of a set of Dwarfs named after the cardinal directions, but that has nothing to do with Austria
tf is wrong with people
It probably isn't true, but it's a good story
You can't join the EU with the death penalty, it's not up for debate (Unlike apparently human rights abuses and the occupation of north Cyprus).
Close to one of which were nation states
The little mermaid in Copenhagen
If it becomes a thing in Denmark, i'll buy those products.
*Most* Greenlanders outside of Nuuk are more pragmatic about the union with Denmark, but because the extremist factions in the capital have all the influence, that is the direction the country is being pushed
Don't worry, Denmark is also claiming the North Pole
And that's bad
I don't know, I think the design is pretty good.
From Finland I would recommend Korpiklaani, a Finish folk-metal band
Watchmaker’s saws are cut on pull, but I don’t think that’s what they’re using here
Sooo warm
We also share the same bike culture
This is what happens when people realise they're in Sweden.
Awesome that they got fined, Danish Peoples Party and their voters are idiots, who claim a beer in your garden under a Danish flag is what it's all about to be Danish.
UK: I vote against your pony
I know they think they're the entire country, but don't listen to 'em
Some of the people I know have started partying again, despite the fact the pandemic is still very much ongoing
Provinsen is everything outside of the capital
"It's not so different, because in Europe there's mandatory religious education and in the US that is illegal"
In 2018 we had around 25 to 30 degrees with up to 2 months without rain
Car deaths have gone down for ages.
Croats are nice but are too used to tourist, i was called german in Hvar and imediatly responded by calling him russian, he apologized immediately.
This
Cause at least in Denmark, snus has been getting bigger and bigger since the mid 2010's, so much so that it has helped decrease the amount of youths who smoke
You can hang these all year round, even at night
Back in the 90s I worked in Sct Petersburg for a little while
Sure, you’re the little brother of the family
Holy - i still mix up right and left like a child
Oh this picture again
This is true, after 1943 they officially would but having only 8000 men at his command and fearing an uprising the man in charge of the occupation had most of them sent to an internment camp instead.
*googles Welsh
Cannon taxation is sound policy
But damn I hate it
I think you should definitely go there
We have not yet received any news about a second lockdown occurring
It's called Sankt Hans, named after John the Baptist, but is really a weird mix of a midsummer celebration and folklore.
Not to mention the cruel state of mink farming
We can just petition Sweden
That's absolutely not true at all - almost all Norse Mythology is found in Iceland there's absolutely no sources that indicate that norse mythology is any more from Sweden and Norway than Denmark
(Er det ikke dem vi kalder for spandauer
Plus, there's always been the rivalry/brotherhood with those damn Swedes
King is a name too, also a name like Roy comes from roi, French for king
This can cause potential vaccines and anti bodies to be less effective
Who else
Easy now
And poffertjes
It's a nice way to meet and talk to people if it's a place you're not too familiar with
I have an internship coming up as a part of my education and was told that I shouldn't count on getting paid, by other students and my union
We weren't able to protect you during WW2, and we completely understand that you wanted to be independent
Jep, "drage" for both
Yeah it is, and tbf I wouldn't expect a Norwegian to know what seksoghalvfjerdsenstyvende is
Another contender
The further south you get, the more fun people have
The bloody history of the "short twentieth century and the "bloodlands". (*Imagine you are born in 1900 and you are lucky enough to survive to you are 75
'nuff said
Yeah, a simple "Tak" with no titles is as polite as it gets
Well at least you didn't paint Sweden on Denmark
**How I would translate the original message:**
Yes, You can probably find it in larger super markets, but it's not very popular.
I hate my last name
Grandfather on fathers side was helping distribute illegal papers and documents
This removed the dominance of the Danish fleet in the Baltic - the Danish claim to fame - and it forced Denmark to choose a side in the Napoleonic Wars
Nobody remembers what the E numbers mean, but the difference between, for example, seeing E500 and seeing sodium carbonate on the list is, with E500 you *know* it's approved for use in the EU, sodium carbonate?
Also with a cliff face to your side
But if the temperature is still 10 °C and the sun shines from a blue sky down on the snow covered landscape, and there is no wind, it can feel almost like summer
But the conversation wasn't about High German
That we actually HATE Sweden
Obviously Americans will point out the regional differences, and they exist, but on a scale maybe 300x that of Europe
It's so annoying and I don't know if you've experienced this but then when you talk about Danish culture or something they have no idea what you're talking about
So many people don't understand the difference between dialects and accents
Down to earth how
It's funny how Slovenian is sort of the exact reciprocal to Romanian
What will this men for the average Joe
Not really
Måske, mit eneste tilhørte forhold til vest Jylland er mine bedsteforældre, der begge var socialister
Work: Opera and Google (with Adblock browser addon)
But I see a lot of people outside Denmark think it is like breakfast or something like that
Choosing - and making rules, bases on the gender of a person is inherently a bad idea
Ministers seem to change shoes
As it's buzzfeed I'm skeptical about the accuracy
This is not stupidity, it's a political strategy to pander to stupid people
77 would be syvoghalvfjerds(-indstyvene) = "seven-and-half-fours(-times-twenty)"
How to annoy people from all over the world: Put a question mark after a statement
Hmm, here's an anecdote from my family.
70 is halvfjerds or halvfjerdsindstyve, meaning "half-four-times-twenty"
Exactly this
Can't recall the last time I paid with cash
Depends on what degree of trust we're talking about.
In Cannes, you're driving by the coastline, under palm trees
I know it's in the North Sea, but if they can drive from Kiel to Hamburg they can also drive from Kiel to the Wadden Sea.
I say most of Denmark because southern Jutland had become part of Germany when we lost the war of 1864, so a lot of Danish men were forced to fight for the Germans
I'm a British citizen receiving SU in Denmark while I study.
Such an entirely different vibe from other big cities like Aalborg or Aarhus which feels more danish and homey
I'd like to say yes, but mainly it's because it's 20 years since I had a German lesson
But i did have a course in school were we were taught a bit about swedish, icelandic and norwegian
It had to do with some alcohol induced arrests and fights and stuff.
Everyone in that train is about to be down with the sickness
The 5000 year old breathing and meditation techniques are inceedibly powerful
Well firstly, I never said it was a war only that we owed you for it
Maybe we can put our flags together and tell Norway to join in on the fun Kalmarunionen skal leve
Europe has never been united, both Charlemagne and Caesar failed
Didn't they also make Roskilde Fjord look like it was surrounded by mountains
I went on a biking vacation this summer
The "siiin" at the end seals the deal
What
That picture is of one of the main tourist attractions/traps in Denmark - a pedestrian only street in the very heart of Copenhagen with just about any and every shop imaginable, from tacky souvenirs to high-end furriers - taken this Wednesday, the last day before Easter, when shops would usually be closed for 4 of the next 5 days, and judging by the shadows at about 11 am
i dont think an individual can do much
Communist countries
He's probably the scum of the Earth
Sådan er det bare
Right across from Aurora
UK in EU -> now wants to opt out
Perhaps more like Puerto Rico
Imagine if we ended up having to apologize to the Swedes for something..
Yeah
What other countries do is up to them, but i don't want my country to become more religious.
It has been criticised on the grounds of its cost, and its environmental and humanitarian impacts.
The EU needs a less ambitious vision that all the member states can get behind.
With all the buildings and everything
It's just people like you that wants to make it much more difficult than it actually is
The figure is barely over 2 injuried for everyone killed, at least [in the US:]
In the winter it is often just me and my buds hanging out in the weekends or when we are working out together
In danish you can’t call the animal that live in the middle east for a camel
Makes you realize how much effort has gone into making these countries
Never claimed Swedes or Norwegians could understand Danish, but for Danes the Norwegian language could be the easiest to manage if you disregard the dialect of Scania
Dont worry Finland
That's fair, just be careful with what you say, because calling a language "more modern" than another is a very easy way to look pretentious / elitist
The notion that dreadlocks, [whose earliest attestations are from Europe] are somehow a thing being appropriated from "black culture", just goes to show how historically illiterate these people are, even if we were going to play along with the whole cultural appropriation thing.
Imagen being American these days, 1,5 days would feel like a week
No, but really
Eh, you could also grow way more food and vegetables than many places in Northern Europe
The population growth of Africa hasn't slowed down very much
When a Dane and a Norwegian (or Swede) speaks they’ll both continue to speak in their native language
Those names aren't German, though
I even think some of my friends might see it as being a bit strange, however I find it delicious
I feel like a common denominator for paid ones, when I was looking at internship ads, was the size of the company
Please, as a student, I did that _before_ it was popular, and to top it off, I would use the bag as a garbage bag after it got too used to be able to carry groceries
They would probably just think "they must not like onions".
I don’t think you understand how NATO work then
The vast majority of the country only became Russophone in the last few centuries, if at all, do dialects haven't really had time to diverge
Then I would say 22 out of 179 politicians in the parliament voting against a ban on child pornography in 1980 :D
D-A-D were great
Dumb women in my country is called a broom
My guess is he was either a prick or from Sjælland
And I know that some might think that that’s just teenage stupidity at work
Just random "hello"'s and compliments
"It has great strategic value being in the middle of the Baltic sea.
Kayak, originally Qajaq, but the danes called it Kajak, and then the english speakers called it Kayak.
Wow, the scandinavian countries are very different in density
To change the Danish constitution all of the following must happen:
I really believe Aarhus is punching above its weight in Museums
Pitiful
We're not even in the Eurozone, I mean, why do you care?
I did the same (also in Denmark)
And I'm not an expert but in school we were told that the Slavs hadn't reached modern day Russia in great numbers at this stage...
OP was asking Croatians and surrounding nations of their experiences from the earthquake this morning
You can also do it to compound words, so missetand can become tissemand
Yeah, the pronunciation thing is really a problem for Danes, we're really bad at that.
Then we could extend the bridge to Norway instead
I don't know why my phone didn't correct that . That being said I feel like irritated and unsatisfied doesn't really fit
When Denmark voted for the Euro in 2002, 46,8% voted for and 53,2% against
Therefore, and again, inevitably, conflict will arise, and B will seek independence from A. The only possible outcomes from this are 1
It's a pie
That site sure looks unbiased...
Yes we are Socialist hellhole
Edit: I forgot, we also fight each other with shaving foam when we graduate 9th grade (around 15-16 years old)
Did he
I wouldn't call it racist to be more attracted by people of you're own ethnicity, rather I'd said it's the norm in many places also outside Europe.
Which is the reason why it's more difficult to treat and more lethal than stab wounds, as per what the UK surgeon said
It's about as stupid as saying that less people would be constipated if everyone stopped eating food.
>Btw thanks Denmark for ruining our postal service too
You could easily travel to Denmark and survive there by using English only, because everyone would be able to understand you and reply back in English.
Computer Engineers get a pretty good salary over there i believe, so i’d be fine, unlike a lot of other people who were born into the crappy system there
Sweden: You are there and youre Swedish doing what swedes do
Carlsberg is 0,75 euro or 5 DKK in Denmark.
The few parents who didn’t allowed it were viewed as irrational helicopter parents
Him: “Ohh
The bloke showing us around was a pretty affable guy, and when he heard where we were from, he apparently decided to add an extra destination
We got that too in Danish
Germans aren't too happy about walls, remember?
Actually,  one of our Queen's names is the Icelandic *Þórhildur
Do you know how if other EU countries pays to use the autobahn
yeah
I know only some of the wars in the 90's, and have the impression that that was last when there was armed conflicts in the region
"No one is saying let's instantly create the Roman Empire, but let's just take a step towards that
Odds are you'll be safer here than at home.
If you kill them really good, they put your face on a box of matches
Looks like Cyprus is no longer split - nice
The election results of every single EU vote are available on the Folketing's website.
Well they're currently making Assassins Creed: Valhalla
And thats from you're like 13
Often the gifts are intentionally useless
It's better than the grey concrete blocks, but that's only because it's different
You can still view stuff like elevation on the plain old satellite view
Give me highway and railway tendies
[The same is true for Nepal] and [a big part of the Andes Mountains are in the Tropics]
That is however not as widespread, so that argument is less valid
I’m sorry, but any sane person would say Pavelic, atleast between those two
Some surpassning the US in wealth per capita.
I needn't dig to find the inverse
Always gets the crowd riled up of course
I have this issue of Charlie Hebdo that came out right after the attack hanging on my wall, the one with Muhammad saying all is forgiven.
Yeah, I know it was a quote from OP, but is there a stereotype I'm not aware of about foreigners/muslims and anal sex?
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I do not think Hardrada could ever have been king of England
I didn't really know that much about Dutch culture and people before going there, to me it was just another country in Europe like I see most of them
Imagine that amount of clean electricity.
But I find a particular set of features to appear more commonly i Netherlands + Flanders and have spoken to several who (independently) had the same observation.
Because states count deaths differently
And as the curtain falls, what is more appropriate, than to look back at the year that passed, here on our little corner of reddit
No one speaks German here, so you're in luck :)
The town I live in used to burn a bunch of (what they deemed to be) witches back in the middle ages
At her parent's wedding anniversary they had to split the party into "those who understand Bornholmsk" and "those who don't". I'm not kidding either
In Danish its “Det tysk-romerske rige” -roughly translates to “The german-roman Empire”
For us unions are seen as integral and something you basically have to be a member of no matter what
Entirely different situations
Good luck to them
Turkey - Tyrkiet
It's easy to create an ideology, where you simply claim that everyone will have everything they need, and no one will be oppressed in any manner
I’m not personally affected by it cuz white, but racism
I think most have heard of basically all the states particulalry the ones by the east and west coast
;) I'm not denying the British Empire's influence, but in most of mainland Europe, it was just one of several major powers.
This Constitution Act shall apply to all parts of the Kingdom of Denmark
Language learning depends so much on your native language and what other languages you know
That's how we like it
But the vast majority of it is fiction
Depends on what you study
I bet it will be interesting, but not in a good way.
It's long been considered a Ghost Town
I think our US-correspondent said that in international diplomatic circles, cancelling within 2 weeks is usually only done due to death or national tragedies and the like
I figured i'd avoid ukraine because of the crimea stuff, but whats wrong with poland and romania?
We don't dub
* 1945 to present
Its not as if the eurozone doesn't..
The gap is not closing anytime soon.
Yeah "dejligt" is more like "lovely" while "fint" is more like "neat/nice or even pretty" but could also be more like "alright". Fint is more mild for weather description
Eros Ramazzotti
>  the "differences" you listed are differences that arise after we are born they are taught differences
I'd say written Faroese is *slightly* easier than written Icelandic though, since it isn't quite as grammatically complex
Greens make up 17,4% of the community, which is nice
This implies decommodifying welfare services, to reduce the division introduced by market-based access to welfare services, as well as preemptively socialising the costs of caring for children, the aged, and the helpless, instead of then waiting until the family's capacity to support them is depleted
Obviously, the truth is a bit more complicated, but I can absolutely see why people might make protests like this.
There is nisse øl which for an American is a light beer and for Danes something you drink when you are 5 years old, so you could argue we drink as kids also
You cannot shame people into believing your political and moral superiority should govern how they vote.
1915
Calling a danish policeman a cop, would be the equivalent of calling him a strømer, strisser or panser
Same in Denmark
Finland is certainly same rich as Denmark but is still not contributing very much
In Denmark school have teached children English for about 50 years but people over 30 years old in Eastern Germany still have big trouble having a conversation in English.
My point is the reign of Leopols II and how he administered the free state of Congo is a part of Belgium history
Citizenship and immigration is another deal
that's what the bell is supposed to mean
We put thin pieces of chocolate on top of our bread
Im pretty sure it's illegal to drink while riding a bike anyway
Not like the witch culture that still thrives in Romania for example
Sometimes, I use the "British" versions by coincidence
> Vaslui: Axe totting,wife beating,alcoholic rednecks and rapists
He doesn't value karma obviously.
Melbourne is a bit of an outlier though
Yes, it's a male name and also a roof
>	and I didn't pay to go on the walk either
In all honesty the EEA was just a way of selling the EU to the local population without the population thinking they were a part of the EU.
Turns out it was our platoon leader out for a piss
Your shareholders' interest shouldn't be your foremost concern
For some reason I Founder it hilarious with the norwegian flag on crimea
Galileo system status [ESA video]
it has meme potential though
I don't know for sure, but I think the bi-party system is a symptom of the American electoral system.
Koda & Gramex for music, and Copydan ( for other creative works
Quite a lot for our little country.
I was surprised to find out that today english is mandatory from the first grade of elementary school (I believe it was 4th grade in my time)
Currently we have a social democratic prime minister, with radical left(not what you think they are), SF and the red-green alliance as supporting parties
take two areas in Aalborg just 5 kilometers apart shows 13 years difference in average life expectancy.
We want to join the list too
Could you try and understand I'm not against sending 50 euro to EU
What do you guys reckon my chances of survival are if I decide to walk across the continent?
Nah of course not
Yeah the EU sucks for a lot of those reasons
Looks like a fortress of skyrim
I think it's enjoyable because it's kind of funny
It perhaps sounds like a meme, but the corona crises has also shown the downside of the old Danish parts currently being Swedish with the Øresund being closed
Oh, didnt even notice, haha, thats one year on reddit for me lol
I think French is closer to English than Dutch
So that's why ETS is so good, it's not from Germany ;)
They also have far and away the best neighbors
His team also said he wasn't briefed about the dossier.
When Denmark and the Brandenburgers opposed it, he moved his army all the way up to Oldenborg and forced Denmark and the Brandenburges to accept his terms
I felt the exact opposite
"Libertarian" is what you identify as when you spend all your time arguing about free speech on the internet, have been sheltered from the consequences throughout your life, and know fuck all about the actual work and have zero understanding of human beings other than yourself.
Just don't think too much about that they are 20-based
I can’t count how many times I’ve heard “it sounds like you have a throat disorder” and “It sounds like you have a potato stuck in your throat”
They have right wing shows, left wing shows, football shows, comedic shows etc.
It's a corn-blue colour
If an English student had to option to save ~9k a year by going to school a bit further north, Scotland would be overrun by students taking advantage of their system, and they'd need massive financial help from the rest of the UK to fund that
But, tbh, it was very brief and we never covered anything like that again
[Example 2]
You might notice 'computer' and 'software' in Danish
They did the same but are doing okay here.
Except it's so stormy in Denmark at the moment, that it really feels like a solid -20° :]
And it was in reaction to the Dutch fascist party who kept claiming red was orange
Danes are born with a beer in their hand
News media has become such a load of untrustworthy bullshit
If it's expected anyone just can help themselves to your booze, than you just end up with a party, where everyone only bring cheap drinks and where's the fun in that (unless you are a teenager)
I completely second this
To deny that is to deny literally a thousand years of war, not to mention the current geopolitical tension
A Dane who don't enjoy hygge
Most countries in Danish sound a lot like the English ones due to a lot of our way of "making" words is the same
Not that Sweden problem haven't spread a bit but most nations have some area normal people really prefer not moving through.
Edit: I just got a brand new axe, yall wanna see another war
I'd say maybe around 5% or less
I don't disagree with the notion that a majority (50%+) of the presenters are letting their political bias cloud their rational judgement on PragerU, however, there have been decent people on PragerU
The more people compare trump to hitler the more i realise people have no clue who hitler actually was
Normally just before University starts
For saaaaan
So I googled it - because I'm taking a masters in history, so I was very confused when I'd never heard about him being called "Christian den gode" and here's what I found (loosely translated) from [Danmarkshistorien
> Also, people should choose democratically their head of state
We have a lot of funny city names as well
Turkey had criteria to fufill to get the visas and the E.U wouldn't renege on an agreement its made if Turkey fufilled these obligations.
Pretty much every single household has a flag in Denmark
Greeting people at the airport
If i remember correctly its on the mouth
and also how fragile peace is
Pretty shiete chart to be honest.
" meme
For men: Holger, Frode, Verner, Olaf
You really are a different country aren't you xD
When I discovered magnifying glasses and how ants reacted to intense heat
It’s very common in Denmark too, but we have our own (superior totally) slicer that uses a metal string instead
Ludwig was not mad
I'm a openminded socialliberal and I'm sometimes a bit racist.
Also my choice of words becomes different, less "dialect", as I use "standard" English, so my personality also is not as present when I speak English as when I speak Danish
Except of course the UNO deck :-)
The big problem facing Danish maritime traditions is our country is capitalistic liberal.
If the society fails in improving the people in the problematic region, you are just forcing them to move to another cheap area, because the rents gets higher if housing gets more attractive.
No manners whatsoever
This is a subject we aren't being taught about in school since we trying to let it slide past as something that happened but doesn't happen anymore (which is true though)
Yes, that is what I wrote
Currency
Jeg vil drukne dig et brændene raseri
Perhaps Sweden as well, I cant recall :)
We are waiting on Germany to connect the country from North to South
and like, being slow typically is a "nice" way to say something else
And people do
I always wondered why Hungary and not Denmark since we made porn legal first
You could, but it's doubtful that it would actually happen
And yes, usually simple first names serving as middle names, though they also tend to be somewhat obscure or even outright foreign
And that the Turkish people doesn't hate Norway or vice versa.
Yeah, it can be hard to express slightly complex sentences because I imagine them in English and forget the Danish word/it doesn't exist
If we could achieve anything near 66g/kWh emission for the entire energy sector we would've come a *very long* way to solving the crisis
Endearing, yet hilarious
I understand the majority, but I also know the story well
There was a pretty low chance of Trump winning even the Republican nomination.
I just compared the cheapest 2019 VW golf manual vs
36,4 is enough
I imagine the writers focus on events that give them the opportunity to show the character developments and interactions they want
I suppose that places me in the “lesser evil” camp
Asgard, Rangnarök, Thor, Odin and all that jazz
With rejsekort you get a discount for traveling outside rush hour
On the other hand most of us had well payed student positions
In pissed denmark is gone
Haha what
Like last year, the British take the second place, with 8,1%, then the Dutch with 7,2%, and then the US-Americans with 5,8%. Just shy of the podium there, but maybe 2021
Pc's and consoles are also used more in the north.
Although when thinking about it now, the 1940s were a different time.
And just in Copenhagen
Oh it definitely is mumbling
Yes well, you've kind of ruined that reputation a bit lately
:("
Most of the time it lasts until summer of the next year
No, you get paid well, but those high-skilled workers are usually also paid well in their home country when you factor in living costs.
If someone knows please comment below mine, I am interested to know
GET IN LINE
You can hygge with cup noodles in your small messy student apartment, the fuck
That's just my choice of words bring imprecise
The police gave him a fine for public urination.
They weren't the first to mix chocolate and liquorice though.
Should we follow the multikulti way?
Denmark had at least half of that in various accounts in the National Bank.
And nobody likes the way we say 97
The other half of the family moved to southern Italy, where my wife happens to be from
000 = 1 milliard
But there is no concern with japanese regulations?
He had never actually found an IED, in a long time serving in this role - so his brain just goes "It's not really a threat
At least leave out Lars Løkke "Løkkebrud" Rasmussen.
It's not too intimate to ask if you know the person and have a good reason to be curious
They just use it to refer to a broader party, and associate it with that, than necessarily the broad ideology, which, in this context, is the way I am using it
i have shot a few (inanimate) things.
That way we could've kept Skåne
Not exactly "all the advantages".
It therefore cannot be Odense
I think outside of a language spoken by 30 000 people in the Caucasus Mountains and maybe another equally small language, Danish has the most vowel sounds, with like 25-30 different vowel sounds(There are 4-5 different ways to pronounce A)
That must at least help a bit with English vocabulary, right
Someone on r Overwatch made a thread of "Fuck you Blizzard" over losing 74 SR points when he got disconnected from a comp match without warning as Blizzard updated their policy
You buy a piece or a whole of either (or a bag if it's grated cheese)
We're not monocultural unless we accept a lot of people from other continents.
While "Sofia" and "William" are most popular names for newborns.
Outside of NI troubles, bad American tech companies and tax heaven, Ireland is rarely mentioned here, and it's not really portrayed as a country, you need to take seriously in politics, unlike countries like Holland and Austria
What are those "red lines" people are talking about
You acting like a 2nd rate mod is quite grating.
Tiny imperialist countries, sure got what they deserved
It's a common saying that 9 months after a power outage, you can expect a small baby boom as a result of people not being able to watch TV all night.
I can understand a little bit but not much
Lack of sustainable economy for certain rail lines.
6 million people I would know their one friend
I just think that most danes just don't write z.
'Dane' is actually the Old High German term for 'balls out shitfaced drunk', so you weren't even lying.
How 'bout you
Ah the luas
C H L O R I N A T E D   C H I C K E N S
So things like activating caps lock instead of shift
There followed an attack on the capital Copenhagen, whose residents successfully defended themselves with help from the Dutch,  who honored their 1649 treaty to defend Denmark against unprovoked  invasion by sending an expeditionary fleet and army, defeating the Swedish fleet in the [Battle of the Sound] and relieving the capital
One of the key parts in doing this is to strengthen the organisations of the working class: everything from sports-associations to trade-unions and political parties
If you don't study with people, then the most common way to get friends is through work or joining something related to a hobby
If you use Android, you are free to choose whatever brand phone, tablet, computer you want and they will all have more or less the same OS
Exactly
Nynorsk is more difficult
In my expirence (being from Jylland, but having lived in Copenhagen for 8 years)
As long as the state enforces the national language in schools, bureaucracy and national media, our languages are in no danger
Rå løg
They should by geography be -1 instead they are in 0 along with UK
They were part of the UK once i think
Rolig nu :P
For instance, I say "sofa" and "coriander" instead of "couch" and "cilantro", not because of British English, but because those are the Danish words as well
They align perfectly with out love of hygge.
Jutland is the only part of Denmark that is actually Danish
Well, we have a third of the Dutch population while having a larger country so
EDIT: Sengeløse (bedless), Vanløse (waterless), Stenløse (stoneless)
Housing is often of poor or sub-par quality, some areas are very densely build up, a lot of infrastructure is lacking or very old (not necessarily roads, I'm of the belief cities should be build for pedestrians and bikes), housing can be very expensive to have upkeep of, etc
We got almost 2800 responses, which is more than 200 responses more than last year
Guess that's how things are
This does not mean we should not work on them, but in this thread I don’t think “gentrification” as a Scandinavian issue makes much sense
Really
I think it's both for "hygge" for him, as well as the fact that he has a big and old house and turning on the fireplace is quicker and cheaper for heating, than going around turning on all the radiators so the cold from the other room don't spread to the areas he's in
Is the bag price because there's no government mandated price for plastic bags
In 2012, after finishing the new ring road and a bridge across the fjord, they closed down the main road through the center of the city and started to build a new city center on it
5 billion euro) to EU from next year, and we are getting less and less back from EU
Who knew
Same in Danish
I also saw this [sketch] apparently the entire joke of it is that it sounds like Danish
im Danish
I cant believe what i'm reading.
I don't know his name but he has voiced the docu series "Vilde vidunderlige Danmark" most of his stuff seems to be wildlife centered
Only Swedes can insult is in this way
Jacinda Ardern, Sanna Marin, Erna Solberg or Angela Merkel
He is talking about the long term effect of mistreating a population group.
More mana each month, of course
But the whole washing thing could also just be a myth
Visiting with my girlfriend in '92ish and finding a little jazz club, partly hidden in the basement of an apartment building, with the entrance through the yard, and down a set of concrete stairs
When I started studying history at uni, we quickly learned that what people had been taught about in school varied widely from person to person
Østjylland here
Sure some people will go like "wow, weed can be my medicine, that's sick brah", but since the majority of the population isn't stoner dudebros, an alternative is needed
Well i have never seen so many people in Århus before, I'm not sure how many are tourist.
goodbye:
something with condensation, after the treatment, requires them to be cool (to prevent condensation)'
They also retire by default when they turn 70
Muligvis, det lyder virkelig underligt på dansk
>Honestly I'm gonna stop talking cause you're being a bit too aggressive and offensive for no reason
how can you call your self the "netherlands" with mountains like that...?
> daylight
It is a policy and not a direct law, but that policy have been running since 1982 and its peg to the Deutsche Mark.
Almost all dairy products
Paid rioters
Okay I mean I get most of them (especially food standards), but Danes are pretty dumb if they think that the EU would not be better for military defense
Four times twenty (4\*20)
You can't drink it and so on
[FIGHT]
as for maths, I'm a complete retard at it myself - some people are just better at it than others, and a good teacher can really make a difference too
It got a lot of international or at least continental wide European traction as well
there should be resettlements of millions of syrians to the rest of the world going on.
I am not saying that they would send their jets and men to war, but I am sure that Sweden would be very active in trying to reach a peace deal where borders are moved back etc.
ok, can someone explain what's happening here
65% is not a victory, it's a slap in the face
Then you could realistically feel split
If she's competent and honest, why couldn't she step down and let Bernie be the nominee?
Think of it as a dairy-based sweet soup
wants to strip out data encryption(make it illegal to have any)
Absolutely beautiful medieval town in the centre
They’re one of the most influential bands of all time
For school, you would need a laptop, but a laptop capable of playing 1080p 60fps would cost around 3500-4000kr, but a XboxONE is currently at 1700kr and PS4 for 2100kr.
When I was a young child I lived in the US for a few years, and it took me a while, and only after starting in elementary school to realize that our flag wasn't "the international birthday flag" which I had thought for a while
Morning buses in Denmark are the best
I am trying really hard to think of any but i just can't find one that is completely different
switzerland: taking the cabel track to mont blanc
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberry
Midtjylland here - at my school on the first day of school, the third year students dress up like on fastelavn an throws glitter at the first years
Rasmus Paludan's entire "campaign" (no other words are in my mind for it, other Danes might correct me, please do
I was so lucky to get an amazing therapist "quickly", which was a like six months wait
There is a chance they will start running and a chance of it enraging nearby residents.
But still, Switzerland *compared to other democratic countries* is a true democracy.
In my experience as a Danish woman who happens to be not-entirely-white, Danish feminism has a loooooooong way to go as far as intersectionality is concerned
Yes
TIL thx
What do you love us for
Well, if the directive is an EU "law" and it doesn't achieve what it set out to do, then I think the fault lies at the EU.
This sounds very universal, and Denmark is not more socially conservative than more diverse less ethically homogenous countries, quite the opposite, if anything
And the mass of citizens so boned
Almost the same in Denmark: We have no minimum wage and VAT is 25% and some things are exempt.
Brian: 21 year old white trash.
Occasionally schools, nursery homes or just families will have one
But that's it
Same in Danish
They are unaccountable to the electorate
Though that doesn't make whole lot of sense either as it would include different large parts of the world while also excluding places like parts of Bosnia and Albania etc
Do you want to join us into Nordic plz?
We had to import a lot of pine to stop desertation of Northern Jutland and to cultivate the Jutlandish heath:
Denmark
Quite a few more if you find the right vestjyde or sønderjyde as well
He is taking that picture so he can show the police who to fine for not wearing a mask
the two words "ikke" and "uden" are themselves rather unlike anything in German, but the word *uden* meaning "beyond" or "outside" is related to German *ausser*.
It’s very few people I know that don’t have middle names
§ 27 Stk
And Finland hates everyone
People still travel from far to see it
I don’t know if it counts as far away, but The Netherlands feels like a brother from another mother
I feel all sorts of left out but at lest we are on the map
The discussion is definitely relevant, why should a Romanian that has never paid a dime in taxes get the same treatment in regards to healthcare and welfare as someone who has spent their entire life here and paid taxes for years?
Also, what do you think about "Du hast *ja doch* über den Präsidenten *wohl* gehört, oder
Found some hidden gems and such
As a local who takes public transport from CPH Central Station all the time, I still find it kind of a trip to be able to see the rollercoasters and other rides peeking over the wall and hear people shrieking while I'm just standing around waiting for a bus
If you've ever heard Mads Mikkelsen speaking, that's sort of what we sound like
What % though
Regarding having your boy/girlfriend sleeping over, my parents didn't have any problems at all
If he was disliked enough to be removed as king, then why call him the good
But you draw the line at fur
But if your job prospects are anywhere near regular and you don't have a solid network or pure dumb luck, you have to give up A LOT to live here
Did he get his nose back afterwards?
The war of 1864
give it 6 months and it'll probably be embarrassing.
I should write my thesis about this
"Slik" means differently in Danish and Norwegian.
Our foreign affair minister, Per Hækkerup, got drunk and then basically gave Norway all of it
We feel left out
Ah, I was wondering why you were thinking we would be forcefully sterilizing immigrants
Those are not far-right
From 16 to 17 it went up by 0,40%, for example
An NPR (National Public Radio) poll from last month
Hell yeah
The problem is that muslims have a lot of kids compared to non-muslims
That's more Norway than Europe though.
64ths, however, is an easy change
Mine is still Paludan
Det var mere fordi du skrev 'everybody', og det var ikke lige noget jeg genkendte
It has happened to once in my 30+ years on the planet, and I still remember the moment very clearly because it just took me by surprise and was very strange to me
Zealand: Copenhagen/Sweden
Things that many non-native English speakers complain about, such as it not being phonetic, or the pronunciation being awkward and all over the place, are the same in Danish
I listened to Pavarotti's "Caruso" about a millione  times, when I worked in Italy, many moons ago
Killing
France has always had a healthy strategic outlook.
There are plenty of compromises before that I agree with, and want to see more of
Sure, some people with too much money and no good ideas on how to spend it, might get a set of custom plates
So properly him
They don't care about some statue they've never even seen of some guy they haven't even bothered looking up, they don't care about some song, some dance, some tradition, some culture or whatever
Straight childhood memories> Moomin
I also have a feeling that 'this late in the game' universal healthcare is doomed to fail in the US at this time because people's opinions and behaviors are already set and their mind is made up
The government can't appeal to everyone at once, and so as long as cultural differences exist, the government will clash with local peoples
Germany got far less help after WW2 than the allies, and it wasn't a reward but an investment that ended up really paying off for the US.
If your journey is done, you tap the card against the checkout reader
Technical stuff
A lot less than having to read everything in imperial, though
I mean, how would it differ form what we have today?
Clearly the media isn’t portraying the truth
it's a pain every time you have to catch a connecting flight at heathrow.
That would obviously cause an outcry, although I do think the rope has been lengthened a bit too much
Looks like something from Skyrim, which is a good thing
Krantenwijk and Dicterbij Je, I believe
Corporate income represents a very small part of government revenue even in the countries with the highest rates
Funnily, Wikipedia concurs with the Danes on this subject, which is unsurprising, since the notion that Norway was a colony is absurd
Thank you
Thorvald Stauning
Well normal tempatured  and doesn't have that same thrist  quenching feel that my grandfathers  own well water did
There are already some Danish Disney princesses from The little Mermaid and Frozen
No one has banned rallies for the Yes campaign though.
Its an old law to prevent the English from bombing random Danish towns when they saw a German Flag
Aalborg
Can we get standardized shoe colour also
Do I personally feel "European" at all
A private citizen should never be allowed to commit any kind of murder or violence in ANY country.
Don't forget that Spain never militarily took over some country called Catalonia or whatever some people seem to think.
The attack even hit patched computers by going through unpatched ones and shut down several companies as well as most government assets of Ukraine from what I remember
Covered in medals, having a raccons/fox tail in their hats and accompanied by a faithful dog
000
You mean after blocking the EU rescue funds
You forgot “Londonderry”
Didnt realise the US was apart of Europe
To outsiders, they seem like there's no logic with them
> Don’t you also have loan words that you haven’t changed
I think it’s just a very unfortunate side effect of anything that is implemented on a large scale - some people fall through the cracks
Like a "firstname" middlename like Jacob, Thomas or Anne or a "lastname" middlename like Jensen, Holm or Winther
I don't get it
An odd detail is that even though growing up, all the native English speakers I met were Americans, my accent has some uniquely British things
My parents changed their oil pan to the air to water pump and they also have a fireplace to give excess heat when it's cold enough
Funniest shit I’ve ever seen
I have to carry some form of legitimate photo ID (usually a passport) which *will* be checked if I want to travel to other parts of my own country, so maybe not as smooth as most places
> If hey both pull knives, chances are they both bleed to death before any help comes, unless one of them is much more skilled
What exactly will it matter to me, as a Dane?
We also share the same bike culture
Depends on season a lot, sun is setting 21:40 in Denmark today
Look, it's just too intimate for a Scandinavian to hug another man when meeting him
Is deadpan common on your side of the pond, though
No matter if it's from fish, cows or pork
His name is instead: Romeo G. Detlev Jr
you see the same thing everywhere.
DANMARK
All the time
Well you are from Jutland, so we already knew that.
there is just too much shit on the internet for erdogan to keep up with, some things are boundt to slip
Danes are born with a silver spoon up the ass
Or both perhaps
A Dane that can't ride a bicycle and drink a beer
I know the feeling
*"I'd like to see you try"* laughed Denmark
> Sometimes I really wish my first language was French or Spanish
But the EU is sometimes good at pragmatism, and if Scotland leaves the UK specifically because they want to remain in the EU, I think they'll have a lot of support from the existing EU members, and that could put it on a fast lane.
**Czechoslovakia**
When you have universities pulling funding from educational programs to build a new stadium, it's something you wouldn't see flying here.
Denmark and I would expect Sweden as well use the garbage for central heating.
Not similar at all, the Danish "sport drinks" are basically Sprite (carbonated and very sweet, not sure why they're called sport), so nothing like Oshee
I answered Copenhagen because they're so close to Sweden
Though it was cancelled last summer and isn't looking that great this year either
Could you expand on that argument, please
You could try a Danish (although it's called Viennese Bread (Wienerbrød) - not Danish).
Ohh, yeah it's not like we memorize them either, but you just get very used to hearing and reading them in the news and stuff (probably also beacause of the EU) so we just asumme that abreviations like those are countries, and then you can guess your way to the specific country
How can we justify spending money on building up Arctic infrastructure in Greenland, if Greenland might just declare independence in a few years
Business and investments work best in a predictable and stable environment, and a better functioning Greece makes them a better neighbor and trade partner, and is better for everybody.
I imagine a lot of Europeans can’t, because English is so different from their native language
Nej, som du kan se her, bliver de ikke oversat automatisk
It's legal to buy now now but not to carry it with you
Sorry, it was supposed to look mountain-y but it looks more dessertish than that
"To, who
Germans are welcomed as tourists
Pack it up boys
Svensk pølseret (Swedish sausagedish).
Ethnicity isn't relevant to me, religion is though
Would say almost everyone recognize and remembers the Russian one
I don't even know what "it's worth it" is supposed to mean
Good one
The Danish Society of Medical Practitioners Recently said the practice is “an assault and should be banned
as far as i can tell they dont exactly have the best reputation in generel.
It was not until 2005 they discovered the hill was slightly taller than its neighbor by a staggering 51 cm øllehøj
It's definitely like that here
Norway: Thank you for A-Ha and just being so friendly and awesomeF
So it's essentially Norway battling Breivik's values everytime he complains about something.
It does not have a picture on it
Certainly not in Copenhagen
One of the joys of being Scandinavian is feeling like kind of a rich person pretty much everywhere you go, even Japan, which reddit told me was shockingly expensive
of course you're going to see reactions..
Can I ask who it was
And then we'll just ignore the bigger stores such as Bilka, Føtex, kvickly or whatever
My first thought was "On this day 2 years ago, 11th of November, 2018, The Great War channel ended its weekly episodes
Nyborg would be "Newcastle"
then there is making spaces between compound words
> Yeah, that surprised me as well
that is almost the size of Australia in an area that is much more threatened by other nations interests.
The way we say numbers out loud
Actually I think Danish highschoolers have a bad rep all over Europe :(
Thanks for making me Turk lol :p I’ve never assumed that people on reddit have a power to change people’s identity
I am saying *that is perfectly fine*. Another user mentioned some far more serious charges - drugs, organised crime, even sex-trafficking
They also teach courses in English, and they've got a fairly good reputation here.
I had to leave because several people came over to me and demanded I pay
So yes, firearms are deadlier than knives
I am terrible at remembering names and titles, but really good at remembering the content.
Countries that recognize Kosovo won't care.
Since world war 2 Denmark has only sentenced three women to the nations hardest conviction.
This labour executed by a group over a given period of time is the same as the labour embodied to the goods that make up the Net National Product
Very original to start insinuating about nazi stuff, i must say.
a. herremanden fra Trøjborg og Ribes købmænd, som de i forvejen skyldte penge til
I will now brush off my german reading these
Jyder
says something about your media consumption I guess but
Start lobbying Germany for the new Dane law if you want to change things
Here in Denmark, it's ''20th April'' in speech and writing, and so, I would imagine, it is in other countries that use DD/MM
[The EU is so big that for most companies it's cheaper to just make all their products compliant with EU standards/regulations than to make separate versions] So the reality is that when the UK makes a trade deal with say New Zealand, then the goods they'll be importing will still be following EU regulations, regulations that the UK now will no longer have any say on
The sami moose herder
Morten Løkkegaard (Venstre) (NO/YES)
Anything with Remoulade tbh
I do really love it here in general though
the pro-EU nordic socialist are here too
His tantrum was so bizarre that at least one person made a [techno remix]
Denmark is also very flat
The “moving forward general dictating his soldiers” thing was huge in ancient Rome
Making internet companies liable will enhance rights holders’ chances (notably musicians, performers and script authors, as well as news publishers and journalists) to secure fair licensing agreements, thereby obtaining fairer remuneration for the use of their works exploited digitally
Already seen a few swarming about
Denmark would then pay Danish companies directly that amount we otherwise don't get back from EU
They sent a ton of social media bots our way and were comparing us to Nazis and everything
In Denmark it's basically "The Defense" or Forsvaret
You could probably lump the Basques into that mix as well
isn't it kinda convoluted to divide the different aspects of mathematics
A couple of years ago some guy from Copenhagen came forward saying he had stolen a sword from the statue, 16 years prior  while on a bender in the city, and he had been too afraid of telling anybody about it since
The entire "western world" share of world trade/economy is constant falling towards a more natural level.
We started up eating breakfeast together.
She just moved out (age 20) but have been bringing boys home for sleepovers all her life
This Frenchman speaks the truth
I'd imagine if more people stayed longer, then it would happen more often
so many people are terrible idiotic morons behind a wheel
especially woman, tend to be colder than me
Greece is not a Balkan country.
At most, historically, Denmark has had a lot of inlets
Although my personal view are that you are very patriotic, proud of your country, excellent educated youth especially in IT and a mixture of latin and slavic language
I know it's really annoying when people try to fake accents and I wish I could just speak with a neutral accent :\
it had a weirder nose
Meanwhile denmark is remaining snowless
You forgot “nisseøl” the very light beer that you drink with “risengrød”
"It's *to whom*."
Hah, it ain't going anywhere anytime soon
So are they close
if you're a refugees who's going back to your own country as soon as possible, but if you plan on staying in the new country you're going to have to integrate and "become Norwegian" (or wherever you are) if you want yourself and your kids to have the best chance in life, to feel at home, to have local friends etc
I explored ever street of my home town, every corner, every path
I guess this is settled snow which has a density of 20-30% of normal water
Sjælland less developed than Norrland
The disparity also has to do with how much of an ear for languages you have.
At least that's how I always think Sick Sauna goes
Next to a statue of Charles, as I understand it
Save the part with the immigrants I address below, none of their actions seem in any way offensive or harmful towards you or really anyone but themselves
The way I understand it, is that Götaland and Svealand were separate nations but under the same ruler (somewhat like the UK) from around the 11th century and it was not until Vasa, they were considered one nation
Claims to have some decent values but their policies don't hold up at all
Same
And csgo and overwatch and all fucking mobile/browser games that use gambling mechanics
I think this system is more classist than a tax-funded system
I think it's hard to find people who vote for the right-wing because it's the right-wing, and the left because it's the left
In Denmark you're basically informed of when whaling season starts on the faioe islands, by the inslught of anti-denmark articles abroad
Speaking English as a Dane is game of avoiding speaking Danglish
Unfortunately for most part: Not at all.
My impression is that, while sarcasm is common enough, deadpan delivery isn't. Genuinely curious
I vote in the Dutch elections soon.
Interesting
Don't see why it would be that difficult for English speakers to learn, Czech Republic just makes you sound like a African dictatorship
It is, but to give some variation, the water level is higher in the Baltic sea and the Caspian sea
Luckily I've been able to move into the city centre now
Due to the sensitive topic of the surrender to Germany, a good deal of the population dislikes anyone who had anything to do with that, but Scavenius was a brilliant man.
I have never been exposed to it, and the few Faroese people I have met spoke Danish perfectly
Well It's interesting to get a Frenchmens opinion on the upcoming election.
I find consonants much harder to learn to pronounce in other languages and harsher on my throat
S T
Hard to make new friends if they’re not childhood friends
Which countries are aldi’s in
Joining the 30 years war
It of course came out of necessity, as timber was scarce on the windy Hebrides, but now it's a sought-out feature, and not a bug
>I don't think that many Europeans could honestly say that Asian countries have the same connection to them as another European country, like, I can't see anyone in Finland saying that Spain is culturally more distant than Iraq or Syria or Turkey or Morocco, even though the distance isn't far off
It has its defendants, but generally it is the joke of the whole nation
That's interesting so you are a jew raised in the UK, but thought the UK was to left wing so you moved to Israel?
Having driven both Merced vans and VW Transport/Caravelle a lot, I can say that I would pick the VW any day of the week
>Curaçao and St
I hate that meme
Well either they will have to undergo big change in the union or more countries will leave.
Or, you could decided to live in another city than Copenhagen like Aarhus and pay half the rent you would in Copenhagen, or even Odense and Aalborg and pay even lower than half the rent
As a dane I can't relate
Denmark's been in the same crises you guys have
Thanks
Cooking, yeah
No, you just said you want to hypothetically assume that theft has been legalised.
For me they are basically the Canada of Scandinavia
They watch the intro on YouTube, and it's not even Danish, it sounds like some weird Swedish German hybrid
Young danes are quite infamous in the Czech capital for being an obnoxious bunch of drunken assholes
He said (quoted from memory): "Imagine if WE made fun of your prime minister, your queen, or Jesus
Nice - we still have the 50øre here in Denmark, but it's pretty useless
Merry christmas fellow Europeans
Lots of rain
That's the wheat beer pour
Try taking the train in Denmark anywhere else than Copenhagen and you'll feel differently about taking the train
If you want to have nightmares for some time you should look up the picture taken of Mussolini's body/face after this mob lynching
They deduct it from what i earn, every year
Edit: omg never mind, the other one is apparently playing a Muslim of Arab descent, according to the Dan Brown wiki
Where the hell did you get that from?
As a Dane - I'm sorry for a messy breakup
I find that Swedish is easier when written than spoken.
The thing was bigger than any cup of soda I’ve seen here until recently
It just rubs me the right way when I hear it and always made me feel wholesome
Bland expressions or stonefaces in the North and East is due to culture.
There are some o's around the page to show it
And Swedes go to Denmark for cheap alcohol, and we go to Germany.
:-)
Obviously some of them will end up staying here and working here, so there might be a small economic benefit, but I think it's mostly for humanitarian reasons.
I recently took one of those geography tests
Not necessarily true - I'm used to the 1
The largest mill being tested is a 220 meter tall one with 80 meter long wings weighing 35 tons.
They totally miss the point that everyone else is also paying for your surgery if/when you need it
I (in)
Not OP, but mine is an odd case
for me personally, it has to go to "Kackvogel" I don't remember where I leanred that
[Michael Learns To Rock - Take me to your heart]
I hear some frightening stories from there
It goes that people from Randers all drive on scooters, wear Nike Shoxs shoes and drink mokai
They then closed a few years after I stopped being a scout
We learn Danish as our first language, obviously, so that comes kind of naturally.
That just means you're not the only asshole in this thread
and even so, let's just say we've got our means and leave it at that ;)))
I much prefer Rema1000 over Lidl, here in Denmark
In apartments in larger cities, it's similar to everywhere else in that you don't usually have much to do with your neighbors
If its the second worst genocide in europe since The Holocaust why havent I heard of it
On the one hand, they have a lot of political momentum behind them
Parents usually allow their kids to drink around the age of 14-15 and you can buy weaker alcohol (beer and such) from age 16
It is older than Islam by about 650 years, yet we don't have many issues with poles or other Catholics not integrating or committing terrorism.
*Sigh*
I think I know all the states by name(nevermind 34), but I have a hard time finding then on a map expect for the famous ones, Midwest and the north/south states
Well, it's mainstream in Denmark at least, all the major news sites are reporting it:
Don't get me wrong, the "now" if far from great, it is far from good, but it's where I am, and where I intend to stay
I didn't know she had those policies but they are scary.
“Klar eller ej, nu kommer jeg
The other half of the family moved to southern Italy, where my wife happens to be from
Royal College of Surgeons of England
Finland Swedish is also pretty easy for me
Or: "were you born in an S-train
>Our foreign affair minister, Per Hækkerup, got drunk and then basically gave Norway all of it
The people and the vibe felt like summer in Copenhagen
Well I’d like to know why
Hvor er du fra
But none of the things I mention are more than tendencies or something a bit more prevalent in some countries than others.
The main issue is cost and travel times, from Denmark it would take 21 hours to fly to Sydney I just looked it up, and ticket prices for a return ticket is close to 2000$.
It's become insanely popular in Denmark over the last couple of months.
Then there is a history museum in the next town, that people love, with like one floor being a recreation of how the city looked back in the old days, and you can explore it indoors - I've never been there either
Definitely a "what the fuck are the odds
It is the economy and the welfare state existence.
Related to this EU agreement is also a law that states that member countries needs to treat other EU citizens in their country on the same level as their own citizens
In one scenario, they both pull a knife, while in the other, they both pull a gun
Chocolate manufacturers should use this for advertisement, ending it with "This is probably just a coincidence, but the great taste certainly isn't."
Probably still better as it doesn’t affect the people around you like smoking does though
Not sure if this is well-known but Copenhagen is recognized as the best city in the world for swimming
>§ 21
I remember it being much more unintelligible than this:
I second this
I have no idea if you are right or not but most people on the far right claim they are not the far right
Ja der er sgu nok noget om snakken så.
Just not as impactful, and, more importantly, there wasn't a fucking chronicler present
I find it quite amusing
Come on, that's just a slightly spicier word for poo, doesn't even count as shit
It was completely unnecessary to educate him on sex since schools have a "theme week" every year from (I think) sixth grade about it, but we inquired any way, and got a polite "yeah, I know
Agreed, which I think most Danes would
In fact, the more diverse uses in such a building the better it integrates into a city.
I don't think Denmark, or the Nordic countries necessarily, have been a hotbed for progress
You are continuing the rather infamous founding myth of the Icelandic republic by Icelandic nationalists (ref
Another time two menacing dudes came into our restaurant just as we closed and started talking shit about everyone trying to start something
You still have a qualty squad with Wijnaldom, Klaasen, Robben and Depay.
Oh right, it used to be, I'll edit it!
>So is it like Scotland where they are a country but just not independent
". Even though he knew the ongoing statistics of how many soldiers (and civilians) were being killed by IED's on a regular basis
Like: "I hear Willys has a sale on cows."
They're completely useless
I am from Jutland so I probably feel less connected to them, compared to someone from Bornholm would
That's playing a dirty game, my man.
I avoid the centre like the plague and mostly spend my time in just my neighbourhood, which is only just being built up, so there aren't too many people out here, yet
Democracy is usually one person one vote.
I'd like to say yes, but mainly it's because it's 20 years since I had a German lesson
Jeg vil sige at Limfjordsregionen ude omkring Mors og Thisted er Danmarks Alabama
AFAIK it's common across the main political divide in the US
Denmark: Siku (polar bear) or maybe Brutalis (rhino, died in 2000)
That way we could've kept Skåne
You bake the pizza without the veggies and dressing, and add them after
throw me a message if you neef some help
Closest thing I can get:
Yeah, fingers crossed - getting real tired of this shiet
Rina Ronja Kari (Folkebevægelsen mod EU) (YES/NO)
Cursed be his name
It's true that there's a difference between KFUM (green) and DDS (blue)
It is impressive to see how much you know about what I read and also drink!
I'm Danish and would have picked stayed the same, simply because it's what i expected would happen under trumps leadership
I had this tab open in my browser for a while
Seems pretty Scandinavian to me
Holy shit Hungary
But even using this metric, which really doesn't say anything at all about development, the data is wrong
And a huge part of Danish culture and history.
They’re as big alcoholics as us (maybe barren Iceland), but their states has put up some weird hurdles
Like, have the Copenhageners even heard their own dialect
Being able to devaluate when you get into the situation Greece and Finland are in is a separate problem.
Don't worry though, domestic bees aren't threatened so we would still have food
Otherwise there is openstreetmap
Mix it with some rain now and then and I'm in heaven
but these days i avoid it
it sucks, i’m trying to think more in my native language but it’s kinda hard, if that makes sense
There are a couple of terms relating to my hobbies that I filter out as they tend to go hand in hand with drama in the subreddits
Debt is uncommon as they live in rented houses/apartments, unless they made loans which can get unbelieveably expensive here (700-800% APRC)
Stop being so disingenuous when you argue.
There needs to be an election for a new Parliament
Swedes moving to Finland, Norway and Denmark.
But that doesn't mean he's lying about anything.
It really shows the difference in how mass migration is perceived.
No, this was the comment I intended to reply to.
Let me ask you like this then: How, in your view, is the labouring class not emancipated yet
It pops up in media and public debates from time to time.
If your system forces its citizens to give up all ideas of money, social classes, and private ownership, then how is that not totalitarian
And your half-baked sarcasm with no factual arguments refuted jackshit I'm afraid.
What is 'tomato'?
2500 = five and twenty hundreds = fem og tyve hundrede
21-25 is perfect
So beautiful none the less
Non-native speakers often have a hard time distinguishing between the vowels "ø" and "o". The result is that *rovdyr* (predator) is often mispronounced *røvdyr* (ass-animal)
I can dig that
That's so obvious
[Aqua
The course itself was so-so, but our odd group of students from every corner of the globe formed a friendship that would last several decades
They are kept in the fridge in the shops too
We generally should have better tools to punish offender that just doesn't care, I very much believe the Scandinavian punishment system works a lot better, but if you catch a guy, he goes to prison, really doesn't care about what you are trying to teach him and he then immediately goes on the streets to commit the same crime, the law should have some tools to work with.
I think it's just a super conservative country
And as far as know, there has been nothing about anyone wanting out as of recently, but maybe I just haven't heard of it
> Can Estonia into Nordic
, Argentina, Egypt, The Philippines, England, Italy, Slovakia and myself from Denmark at the table
Also I think OP was looking for animated shows :)
**Finland**
Yeah
And here it is sitting around the table and having a big meal everynight
The real question is why that person sees being mistaken for a Chinese as being an insult.
Is it the candidate that received the most votes?
Back in the 90s I worked in Sct Petersburg for a little while
We drink like holes in the ground
I thought it was a severe parody but turns out the reality was fit for a comic.
"An interesting development about this is that in the 1900-century, a myth about him being called "Christian the Good" in Denmark, started spreading throughout Sweden
As a Swede also mentioned: in Scandinavia we like to leave babies outside in their strollers during nap time
I agree with you, but I don't know if whe agree on the identity of those agents of chaos
goodbye:
That man was fighting; you really have to give him credit for that
You might already have done all your research on this, but are you aware that the whole "car" situation is somewhat different in Europe than what you might be used to?
Massive enough that people would be willing to vote for Donald Trump to "Drain the Swamp".
The CCP may be trying to built an idea that modern China is invincible, but it has never claimed that past China was
(I wish
Totally agree
Wealth inequality is hard to measure and research
From a danish citizen
A city as soft as a body"
"pre-christianity"
I am saying *that is perfectly fine*. Another user mentioned some far more serious charges - drugs, organised crime, even sex-trafficking
As long ad you have any money available for use, there is no reason not to
English or French I guess
(article in danish, but im sure you can find a web translator)
a few days later i had learned it
Finally get to check in the fact we stayed with'em till the end
That being said, Hvidovre - due to it not being a very desired place to live - is a bit less expensive than Copenhagen
Never in my life could I afford the pictures neighborhood
GIVE ME MY 26 DEGREES BACK
So what christians believe is really not important to atheists.
I actuelly think that the head of state being elected is one of the weak points of republics
For most of Europe, yes, absolutely.
a week, while attending high school
The museum just dragged me in
So that's a wrap
Not sure about the question
Which is why I'm reeeeally not looking forward to the mosquitoes this summer
Being invited home to dinner with a translator I had worked extensively with over some years, in the mid 90s. His family and I spent the better part of the evening and night eating dinner, drinking tea, and discussing the future of Russia
Nah, they had a long-distance relationship first, which is prety hilarious in and of itself
000 (3248 dollars) in your pocket
It's like that for all people in any of the memberstates
The only thing standing in the way of these people living their lives is the UK wanting the leave the Union.
An exception can be made if you only have one flag pole
Many old names have started to become popular again
[Whigfield - Saturday Night]
How does “deærjøwt
There's already been a deal made to stop that from happening, seems like a better solution than "crushing them".
College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia
croatia and serbia have the same problem with the river where one of them want the border to follow the river while the other wants to keep the border is it was
That's creepy, just use Tinder like the rest of us.
Violence, fraud and pollution infringe on the right to life and property, and should be prosecuted.
But I thought the French would all agree they have the best wine
Scandinavian languages (Danish, Norwegian, Swedish), but not all Nordic languages like Icelandic and Finnish or local languages like Faroese and Greenlandic
She is getting fried
It is 3694m and the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle
Russia looks very modernised
I don't know his name but he has voiced the docu series "Vilde vidunderlige Danmark" most of his stuff seems to be wildlife centered
We live in the western part of the country, and our kids have a weekly gathering in the grand hall, somewhat regularly relocated to the town church.
This is a guess
I'm pretty sure the Finnish people and Norwegians would agree.
“Kick ice block to fast forward”
The countries can speak with everyone, the organization can't.
Well, the point is that we need to be able to discuss things, and calling out racism and xenophobia is important for that discussion
You better watch out, we're reconquering the north
My dads from around there
It should be spelled "ad" and not "at", since it is a fast way of writing the latin word "ad" (via) just like & is a fast way of writing the latin word "et" (and)
Where is this invisible divide
And it was Danish for many centuries before that
I always thought it had it's roots in Christianity
The old dude in the corner that seems to know best
It reminds me of a time when I was visiting my company's office in Oslo for a few days, and I asked if anyone wanted some "morgenbrød" the next day, because then I would bring some
We had people from the US
In Denmark we have "there is no cow on the ice" (der er ingen ko på isen) which roughly means "there is no problem".
Rolig nu :P
I'd enjoy a bit more variation in shape, but honestly I find the new lines quite aesthetically pleasing
The majority of Jews have historically lived in Europe and many adopted European language and customs.
Since I dont have to pass the robot test when commenting Ill add se info: I had less than an hour until departure when it was finally my turn at check in.
The water would recede gradually so in theory you could make blanket geophys screenings of the entire area as it drains
what they inhale isn't as toxic as what they exhale.
> Not to mention the most complex, long-fermented beers in the world (Belgian, German, British
Not a grilled hot dog with everything
That's the role of Dansk Sprognævn
I live in Denmark, which generally gets warmer summers and milder winters than the rest of Scandinavia, but this summer is exceptional for all of us
I hate that meme
Yes that is true
“Moloch of War” is the same as “Sacrifice of War”, right
There's no fun without joking about Swedes.
But instead of wednesday it's friday and instead of any frog it's the main character from an old kids tv show (maybe not that old, I'm 17 and saw it a lot when I was <4 years old), know as Kaj
This should however be the default everywhere
What a drama that is honnestly
Otherwise it'd make no sense to threaten the victim and take them into the woods etc.
He got maybe 10 meters before he was side tacked by an equally scantily clad girl, and he had barely hit the ground before an anonymous old panel van rolled up, and two uniformed cops jumped out, cuffed the guy, and threw(!) him in the back
It's like very mild melancholy
Anyway, peace out !
"Danmark" is a private Insurance company.
I don't know about the others, but as a dane I've never seen "mjau" only "miau". Mjau is almost unpronouncable in danish
So do we
It's not something people take super *seriously*, they just watch it and have fun with it.
Is this a new(ish) expression from drunk Danish highschoolers
Fun family reunions
They changed it to blue and yellow later on though which I thought was weird
I do not understand what the purpose of this post is
I'm pretty sure "grytor" is supposed to be translated to "pots" not "stews" - because pots have handles ("ears"), while stews only have ears if you add ears to your stew
In English:
Nor can the law passed by the king and adopted by the land be amended or repealed without the will of the land unless it is manifestly contrary to the word of God
As in, we wouldn't expect him to win, but he wins anyway.
I'd say Bornholm
There will always be people who didn't think to bring enough water in this heat and who cba to walk to a store
Can you please call it "efterår", not autumn
", he said "We'll use it for [klejner] a disgusting fat-based christmas cookie
Neetcastle upon the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEver Tyne.
&#x200B;
I am glad that you have finally come to accept our rightful possession of Norway and calculate our income as one
Can we get some deals that involve getting licenses for loads of anime
That doesnt happen here
That's the point; we ask the Jew if he wants to be circumcised when he is 18 years old and can make his own decisions.
In original yoga a posture(or asana) simply means to sit, a seated posture which is a meditative position with legs folded
Only going to restaurants a couple of times *a year*  is not uncommon
In Denmark uni is free and you also get up to roughly 800€ a month by the government for studying
Mankind has its greatest potential with a mix of capitalist and socialist ideas.
", but nobody else has bothered much about voicing an opinion
Vikings by the way are a made up concept
You think you overpay for healthcare, but at the same time you believe "free samples" are actually free
Same for me, I thought I'd make it further down the list, but I've honestly never heard of Zaragoza
Damn, Norwegians are much more kinky than I thought
Lunch is in the Danish dictionary, but it is not used, it is frokost here too
well, the wording _is_ a bit off
Hiroshima
Might come as a surprise, but MS Paint
And they are definitely Erdogan fanboys.
Its rigsdansk, which basically means "Kingdom danish"
Nice try, but whoever drew this forgot about [The Mountain of Heaven] in Denmark while making the topography
2% of total exports)*
Gorm the Old
Is it far from Santiago de Compostela
People in Copenhagen or whatever may comment on it being "jysk" (from Jutland) if I'm the only one in a group that isn't from Copenhagen or whatever but they have no problem understanding it
They sleep so well in the cold
Source: Am from Odense
Viking
Facebook would have to get a license from a news agency to be allowed to have links to that agency's site
At least the name will remain, that's the important part
In Denmark, the lower social echelon of society takes a lot of resources and the top echelon pays a lot of taxes
It's 100% elective and almost 100% of schools do it.
The sad thing is that the European interrail used to be better than it is now
A week old
That place was so worn out and overcrowded last time I was there
Latvia = Letland
Hard to measure but it has to be up there
Copenhagen: I takes 25 minutes
No, our prime minister ordered that all mink farms be turned into cotton candy factories where the mink are free to eat as much as they want
That really left an impression with me
Some parts of russia probably are very hellish
Well, [DST says something else] It has gone slightly up in the short term, but union participation today is nothing like in the days where the vast majority of the rights we have today were won
Denmark is also very similar to Sweden and Norway for obvious reasons (history) and I obviously didn't expect NL to be *totally* weird and foreign either considering the distances, ethnic groups, geography (seafaring nations) but I certainly didn't expect it to basically feel like home before I went there
So it is not really far fetched to think Sweden has it too.
Now I have an image in my head of some guy called Scott handing in his tax-free forms at the airport to get the VAT refunded on his Royal Copenhagen souvenir plate .
Again, this is obviously only from my own experience and exceptions exist here as well
She said she would even tell "bye" when she exited the bus from the back
"danmark" reimburses more than 350 kinds of medical expenses, including:
There are standing agreements with both the Faroe Islands as well as Greenland, that they can unilaterally leave the Kingdom
meanwhile all other danish supermarkets have a lot of the same stuff, which makes it easy
Now do one:
Probably still better as it doesn’t affect the people around you like smoking does though
Are you seriously crying persecution over Germans arresting foreign "biker" gangs?
As long as nuclear weapons exist, i'm very confident that we will never see a direct conflict between the largest world powers (USA, China, Russia)
Long, pedestrian-only shopping streets
I obviously have no idea if I've even heard half the English dialects but I generally don't have any problems understanding them or recognizing them as English dialects.
That would be “femoghalvfjerds” or “five and half of four (twenties)” with “half of four” meaning 3x20+10 (halfway to the next twenty
but yes our numbers are dumb asf
Europe In The Style Of Super Mario World
imagined this was a more general thing in Finland
Sorry for the shot formatting
"... and one ring to bind them all in darkness, and one Pope to keep the ring-owner in check
The streets aren't just empty, unused space like that painting will have you believe
I don't know what you're talking about *whistle*
Thank you for the long and detailed explanation!
* Around 700 to 1940
In Denmark there's been a big antivaxx movement
Maarten are like Canada to the UK: independent states with the same head of state
There is a good reason why it is a good idea that people with criminal records can be elected though: some form of protests against oppression are illegal, but they are seen as saviours in hindsight
Sorry to say, but "Austria" is just the latinised form of Österreich/*Ostarrîchi (Old High German)
It has now changed again, and is done through normal taxation
He did indeed
Sharing snippets of news articles e.g.
As more ice melts the currents might change
We use it for any kind of celebration, but as soon as someone tries to use it in a political or nationalistic sense, it always sparks a huge debate
It certainly isn't like in the US where the abbreviations will be an answer to when asked where they are from
You are obviously a smart guy, but many other poles are not and cannot see that this is not objective journalism
And China and India are the worst offenders when it comes to ocean pollution
My cousin still tells the story about a "crazy American" who sat down with him and his friends at a picnic table and started talking to them, trying to make friends since "he didn't know anybody in town and had recently moved here". But that is mostly because they kept trying to cuing him into the fact that they wanted him to leave, but he didn't.
It was quite a while ago, though
We've got bror, bro (from English), brormand, makker, kammerat, fyr, gut, and søs, tøser, all of which are used often
It's getting darker now, and I really like a bit of light in the dark months
"To, who
Plus people have strong preferences in which beers they like, so it can't just be changed between people
And the drunkest
Beggars are banned in all of Denmark
for example, and I somehow doubt that the Dutch men suddenly became 3 cm shorter on average.
> Women who slept with Germans were shaved in public
Im from north jutland and some 10 years ago i spent a few years in cph (søborg) - fuck that, people were all “ah, så du er en bonderøv”. Dude, i would rather go out in aalborg than get paid to go out in cph
We're NATO's gatekeepers for the whole baltic sea
In denmark (small country) we have our flags freaking everywhere, we don't sing our national anthem every morning (we arent nationalists
That Denmark had a upper house in our parliament; [Landstinget] originally, membership and the electorate was restricted, the bicameral system was abolished in favor of unicameralism
German is for sure the go to Language if you wish to work in Europe, since it is not only the primary Language in Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein and Switzerland, it is also a second/third Language for northern european countries and eastern european countries, which makes german a Very good Language to learn second to english ofc
(Actually parket is a specific type of floor, but you get the idea.)
Ø (island), å (a small-ass river), i (in) and I (plural you)
When I'm in London I usually just tap my bank card, and I think there's this daily top up or something so I don't get charged over a certain amount
I personally dose 70 a day
Danke schön!
The original danish lyrics can be found [here
I thought this was common knowledge.
Two completely different parts of history.
Jean Lassalle sex icon
Have you thought about it for more then 5 minutes?
I would be much more interested in going to Uherský Brod and visit the CZ factory
Denmark birthdays in school: Usually the person who has their birthday a weekend before school or exact day brings some candy or something for everyone who wants it (some people don't like this or that)
I knew a exchange student who would pronounce *kælling* like *killing*. Hard to take it seriously when he tried calling you a bitch, but called you a kitten instead
Not because its better for the masses.
Do they use am and pm in Spain
It takes about 4 hours driving from one end of Denmark to the other
While I guess the likelihood of an American having ever heard of them is low, Dúné definitely toured a bunch in Europe and Japan: [80 Years]
People were almost fighting over some cold, boring sandwiches that were left in one of those WHSmith stores (I think)
Female names: Åse, Ingrid, Gertrud, Inger/Inge, Margrethe
Yes, it is an argument against any currency.
It has now changed again, and is done through normal taxation
Or unofficially "Anders And" which is the Danish name for Donald Duck.
I agree that Danmark, mit fædreland is a better tune and song but I think it'd be a bad national anthem considering how national anthems are actually used.
You guys have pepernoten too
Which Saxony are we talking
Jk aside
The hook/title is a word play on her name, it means ‘down with it’.
I think Medina sounds really good if you like pop when she sings Danish.
The coal is the reserve that it is expected to get dumped sometime in the future.
I went to Ireland to pursue a career in technology
Most of the songs from 2002 and up
- Costa del Sol is more a babel tower than English.
\[Verse 3\]
They just believe what they believe and that's it.
You keep saying this, that it's an "accepted opinion", but FGM is also an accepted "opinion" in some places
Danish Kroner is not replacing US Dollars as the world trade currency anytime soon, but keep borrowing to fund your social overspending and military and Danish Kroner will start to look like an attractive currency.
But the average dane only knows around 25
Must be alien to the Sun readers.)
> Not to mention the most complex, long-fermented beers in the world (Belgian, German, British
They say Swedish girls are some of the worlds most beautiful
Ow I have actually heard of this law in a tv show about someone who sailed from Denmark to Svalbard
No, on the contrary there were EU regulations introduced in the 00's that make mandatory unionisation illegal
Yeah, but I don't see how that's relevant here.
118 Danish people caught covid-19 at the same resort in Austria
The patriotic use of the flag in the US feels to me as a political statement as oppose to use it simply because it's nice (hyggeligt) as in the Danish way
We saw the movie "under sandet" in history class however a surprising number of my classmates actually thought it was okay to force Germans to clear mines in Denmark
Yeah, they do this every other week
2000-2004 were the only locally white Christmases until 2009, and in 2002 the snow only feel in Sønderjylland
Yellow based
Even though the reason the nordic flags are the way they are thanks to Valdemar Sejr king of Denmark rought back a battle es standard flag from estonia which fell from the 'heavens' after the battle later being dubbed Dannebrog
Northern, Western and Southern Jutland (Jylland) are a lot “less” developed from in comparison, so I dont really get this map
Depends on how you look at the map
There's an old Danish expression "at leve på polsk".
Norway have 3 land borders: Sweden, Finland and Russia
Why this has never caught on I don’t know
We don't have any big enough to qualify for an actual river
We haven't. It's a false impression
There are simply too many bikes here trying to get to their destination to be able to do that
It's just that being low-income in Germany isn't necessarily as bad as elsewhere.
i've never cared
Saw a flock of 200 reindeer this summer in Jotunheim, Norway so they are there.
How do i meet Tom Cruise
This is basically the reason I find people hating on unemployed people on wellfare, sure they should strive to get out on the market again, but our economy is literally build on them being unemployed.
Yes, I could see it happen, It would absolutely horrify me, but the way things are going, it wouldn't entirely surprise me.
Couldn’t they be mixed up so two countries had slightly different myths about the same lakes
REVERSING on a  HIGHWAY
Windows in houses are generally outward opening, but in muti-storey buildings, it is common to mount inward opening windows, so they can be cleaned on both sides without using a ladder
I don't subscribe to the idea that beauty is entirely subjective.
Plenty of stores also have flags outside regardless of there being a sale or not, even those small wall mounted ones on each side of the door/window or just one of those ~2 meter wooden flag poles that you can just place wherever you want
**And I've brought graphs for y'all
And make it mandatory for everyone to run for one hour a day.
There is no mention of an independent Greenland or Faroes in the Danish constitution
For polterabend it's tradition for the man to be dressed in a dress and sell kisses in a public place
Just one thing slightly tangential
So I'm guessing they won't mind if Trump pulls the US out of NATO right?
You're obligated to adopt the Euro once you meet certain conditions
Du kan søreme tro nej, din fusentast
It's usually okay, but sometimes it gets a bit close
It's not an Asian/burrowed thing, it's just that the climate is way wetter, so it's a tradition to take shoes off because they're often dirty.
When you boot op World of Warcraft When it’s Not done downloading, But it says playable
The thing I don't understand about Italians is how they fill they're espresso with half a kilo of auger removing any taste and bitterness from the coffee.
I see hes embracing communism
Fuck, now I want GTA: Great Nordic Biker War
That alien part also plays into it
I think some schools have changed the subject to religion instead of only christianity
Hotline Miami and Payday too
It's written in modernized runes, which have magic power, it's our secret weapon in many things, including bacon, engineering and international contracts.
Please take it back
We're peacefull people
But not anything else, i dont reckon
Hand sanitizer is sold out pretty much everywhere, but apart from that it's business as usual
I can tell when I'm listening for it that he's not a native, but I'm not sure I'd realise he's a foreigner if I just met him and didn't know
Then they turned to their friends and said something, after which the cashier demanded *they* show ID as well, since they were with the people buying the alcohol
My point is that accidentally killing someone you shoot would be more common than accidentally killing someone you stab
Yes, it was taken out of circulation on October 1st 2008
Dunno how common that is though
Don't confuse us with the Dutch
That would be "the radical *left*" if translated directly but is called "the social liberal party" in English
But more and more water wells have the past years been tested positive for pesticides and E. coli bacteria
My German collegue commented "What are those
Hey we do that too
Ø (island), å (a small-ass river), i (in) and I (plural you)
They would minimum have had English in school
It's København in Danish - you can't pronounce it, don't worry about it, just say "Copenhagen")
White Horse is one of the most samples songs ever
It’s a disgrace
Roman-Persian wars, basically all of Byzantium vs the Turks, the 20th century conflicts
The research done at the Carlsberg labs in the late 19th century was important for modern beer brewing, no doubt, but I feel like you brush over how basically everything else about the brewing at Carlsberg was German, from lagering as well as cold fermenting, which are two definite Bavarian brewing traits
" mentality
Jesus Christ
Like the entire population of Hungary says Budapesht
These old fucks will soon die off and maybe we'll see England come back to sensible hands
The people who produce Apple products are easily replaced despite creating a lot of money
It was a crazy year for the weather
Another one was when I'd tell people that I was from Denmark, way too many would respond "oh, so you speak dutch
We don't know how many of them fell down over the years, we just see the ones that made it and is now being supported by modern engineering
Why do they care what he thinks
Guess there are still some pipes that poland wont lay..
Nej
In my family the Norwegian one is used in day-to-day life, and the string type for when guests come over (makes bigger and more uniform slices)
If it did previously mean a specific type of beer, then it generally doesn't anymore
Switzerland is like the north korea of europe
Wake up, eat rye bread, brush teeth.
A, once upon a time, close childhood friend of mine has been quite deep into the gang environment and other illegal activities
Death is much nicer than spending the rest of your life in a tiny cell you never leave.
Danes did not vote no to Europol.
We were in a hotel packed with chinese turists, my brother’s girlfriend picks the last butter from the breakfast buffet - as she continues to scout the buffet, a chinese bloke comes up, takes the butter from her plate and leaves
They’ll talk about your troubles and recommend help but mostly just give you good beer
SPD's Minister of Family Affairs, Manuela Schwesig, is calling for a full hard sactions against perpetrators.
You are effectively getting poorer when the pound falls.
I’m at STX
I experience this often when I'm in France.
> I'd support high speed railways anywhere
It's mostly the rain and darkness I dont like
Example: 60 is in Danish would be tres, which translates to "three's". It originates from tresindstyve, which means "three-times-twenty". Makes sense, 60 is 3×20
Pretty much this
You can visit Europe, you can visit france, but you can't visit EU.
They call themselves "Danmarks eneste venstreorienterede debatprogram" - "Denmark's only left wing debate show".
Now he knows this can happen
Idk what this is, but it's very wrong
Also worth remembering when people want to downplay the nation-state in favor of EU
Everybody is a racist, everything is a genocide
Yeah :)
Why should you not be able to be Bavarian, German and European?
000 DKK you’ll get 30
> I've always wondered how it's like to be able to just casually go there if you want to
* James Damore (Fired from Google for providing scientifically supported feedback to an affirmative action course that asked for feedback)
Maybe you are right
Oj, skal vi slås?
In practice, they'd go out twice on a good day.
Valhalla awaits
"Han är *ju* en idiot"
It is also possible to select spanish as an elective (or have both french and german where one is an elective), or other languages if the school offers it
It's far better than Chrome is, IMO
UK: I vote against your pony
Bunkers everywhere
Nice: køn
Hope this helps
Both parties looks like they got a lot of the things they wanted.
80, firs: fire + sinde + tyve - meaning 4 times 20 (fire is 4)
Saw a random Mercedes with Saudi plates in Berlin
Og hjertet er helt i skygge
Did the opposite
We do have some minor variations to how collective bargaining works though but overall it is similar.
The flag is the symbol of the country.
io for a sec
We're taught that the Danish army had the wisdom to know a losing battle and to surrender for the sake of less blood shed
Well please explain OP then because I am genuinely confused now
I thought so, just 1000 a month seemed a bit low and I wanted to make sure Slovenians didn't do something different from everyone else
1 million+ signatures on a petition
I won’t because i have a job that isn’t really immediately threatened by automation, but eventually even my job is going to be automated, and when that happens I’d rather not end up homeless and without the basic essentials for a decent life.
in Denmark we also burn dolls (supposed to look like witches) on a bun fire to celebrate the days are getting longer
And even putting that aside, the culture with these young german leftie types in Berlin, you can't seriously deny that this is much further from traditional German culture than as you'd see it in Bayern, or even much of Eastern germany, or even just any small-medium sized town anywhere in western Germany
Not every EU country has no premium health care.
This has resulted in neither of these things
It's the same thing with basketball
As for noise in the night, we made sure to swap rooms when he started showing an interest in girls, and put him in the most remote room in the house
There shouldn't be flour on top of the bread
No because all of those are private enterprises netting very little benefit to the general public and our coalition government is actively neglecting our welfare services, if they aren't further slashing its budget that is ;(
Denmark seems completely correct with only existing active railways
HAH
The more informal the setting and relationship is the less likely it is that I'll shake hands with them
Then you can show up at your local Postnord place that has your package, and in principle get it from them after showing them the papers
Especially since that "city's beauty" isn't too different from what you can find in, say, Århus (having lived very close to there as well, the only real difference of note is that Copenhagen is more exposed internationally and more hyped up nationally
So what do you want Azerbaijan to do then ?  Just sitting and accepting all groundless accusations ? Also I’m not saying to Armenia to share their martial codes, I’m just saying if they are pretty sure about their statement, then they have to put forth their sources
Judging by the Olympics, it isn't being terraformed to fit he Russians, Norway
Also teenagers often call their friend group “holdet”, the team
I think Denmark beats everyone in anti-corruption
"Svenskerfuld" = Drunk as a Swede = Very, very drunk
Technically it can be as long as the prime minister pleases.
My parents' generation seem to have an easier time understanding people from Norway and Sweden due to them having grown up watching TV from there
All I ever knew of her was that she yelled at me when I ran in the hallways or jumped in the bed
Denmark kicked off the first Muhammad cartoon controversy, so we should be the first to support you
Some examples
Because even though i dont believe, i think some parts of religion are worth supporting
In Denmark it is an ordinary job that requires a lot of credentials.
This was in Oxford
I also love how happy the policeman looks, giving a lil' nod to his co-worker with the biggest grin on his face
You say "most danes" but it seems to be that you're the odd one out in this discussion
Indeed we are Like siblings, dont really Like each other
Ow I have actually heard of this law in a tv show about someone who sailed from Denmark to Svalbard
While getting my haircut yesterday, my barber told me that his brother, just bought a bunch of canned food
We just like to joke that the people there are a special type kinda like British chav/Russian gopnik type, they drive a moped or maybe even an old VW Golf with a big subwoofer, wear big sneakers and cap, and the biggest one - drink alchopops
So yeah, imagine if Randers ruled the nation
Always some kids playing it (city schools, might be different for smaller rural).
yep, waay better
It really is an incredibly favourable deal to them, yet they act as we are somehow impeding them
The connection is currently in the fourth stage of planning and the expectation is that it could be ready by 2035 and cost 30 billion Danish kroner
The open markets in Wuhan have 500 different species of live animals stacked on top of each other
Just complaining about the rise of populism doesn't solve anything and won't stop the rise of populism.
Oh, yeah, I still much prefer to have it on than not, it just throws me off a sentence sometimes
And it was the Arab Spring that lead to the Syrian Civil War and the migrant crisis
Not even a week ago a Copenhagener on reddit insulted me for not thinking Copenhagen is the best place to go out in Denmark
It's often said in Denmark, that Norwegian is Danish, but you type how the word actually sounds
*Relative to income
I'm drawn to write colour and neighbour, but I would write colourization at the same time.
Sorry for introducing it to you then - the dead baby is what really got me back then (and still)
*danelaw*
of course it’s very difficult to be an immigrant anywhere
I am trying but it doesn't benefit these statistics since their mother is foreign.
You have a traitor as a president, and half of the governing party is taitors as well
Between 811 and 1864 it was our border to Germany
Ethnically (decendants of decendants of immigrants).
Then we could extend the bridge to Norway instead
I love where I live
Finland, Norway, Denmark all looks recognizable, but Ruidan.
It like you google “countries with high (blank)” and I look at, and I’m like damn, Denmark made it in the top 10 sweet
They dress him in the Baton's clothes, place him in the Baron's bed, and play along as if Jeppe is the Baron when he wakes up
That just means you're not the only asshole in this thread
I think the closest thing to it was "tyskerpiger" which translates to German girls
I think the latter is more constructive in terms of understanding politics
Vikings by the way are a made up concept
It's rather quite common make fun of the Swedes for hen
What's wrong with insulting a religion?
But why did they loan that much money if they can't pay it off?
There aren't even danish translations of the words for Gen X, Babyboomer, millenials etc
But Father Christmas is from Turkey...
We can just petition Sweden
The "rich" countries have had their economic development basically stagnante, meanwhile Asian and African countries are doubling their economy in 5-10 years
Which restaurant
Hi my name is John it is a pleasure to meet you
It might be to you, and that's fair
And even if there is no will to develop more hydro it makes sense to develop wind in Northern Norway as there is a lot of complimentarity between the weather up there and in the North Sea area where most European wind generation will be situated in the future
There are tons of shared customs and traditions between Northern Romania, Ukraine and Poland
English is taught in all schools from 1
And although Denmark's a tiny country, we are *everywhere*.
I guess there's a reason Denmark is one of the safest countries in the world
Just like they do move from Denmark and the other Scandinavian countries - it's simply for other reasons
Especially among younger people, it seems fairly popular to nickname people with longer names by the first two syllables in their names
Thank you all so much for the suggestions, i am going to tease a few things:
I cringe when I hear the terms “defend our values and culture”. Who the hell is threatening it
Switzerland ain’t cheap, or am I wrong
Yes that Bohr
By "government subsidies" you mean " a contract with NASA", yes?
Zealand and Funen grew a landborder with Germany and each other, who knew.
har du drukket morgenmaden igen svensker?
As I recall, laws for naming your children got liberalised in the 00's. Has that been reverted
I don't care about the situation in their homeland at that point.
But how much snus
He was declared mad by some of the nobles because they didn’t like how much money he was spending on fairy-tale castles
Det går nok
So there were two kings but one person :-)
that's harsh
When I say *way North,* Lyngby is actually only 20 min or so from Copenhagen Central station with the city train
Most of them are pale lagers, which I can't remember ever seeing having a branded wine-glass/teku/snifter
"Hygge" music has to be happy and not too loud to be "hygge".
Nah, I’ve never encountered that
what memes
For Christmas many families eat duck as well, although pork is just as common
Especially in the winter there are just way too many people
Are the other 4 some variations of the word "perkele"?
The second billboard references the Bible as evidence lol
Bannlyst by Gåte
A huge cyber-invasion that took advantage of a certain vulnerable windows-protocol that only got fixed in the update leading up to the attack
If you've got no passport or driver's license you can apply to get something that's halfway it
Denmark is the third party handling Greenlandic foreign affairs
It's obviously very one-dimensional, and it becomes a bit tedious when you've seen these portrayals a million times
Your comment right here is just as disgusting as T_D is.
Animal porn was also legal up until 2015
or beer that tastes of coffee or liquorice or mint etc
I am confused
1981
I've been there
Edit: Maybe you say 24-hour day
Sweden and Norway, possibly even Finland.
I was five or so and it was my first vacation outside of Denmark
Of course geophys won't catch everything, quite on the contrary in the case of the neolithic, but it would be a chance to do something before it's all turned into wheat fields
Denmark just transmformed from 1 peninsula and 2 Big Island into one blob and a weird ass Island
Twenty is metric, so sorry guys you are still in the dog house
I liked it
Belgium, always reassuring the world that they're indeed a meme "country".
J/k I have no idea who were missing since my friends were still there
This is for general education) is called gymnasium
-> What is it called
Denmark was unified as a country around year 800.
There's no minimum wage in Denmark.
It is currently possible to get a permit to own various kinds of guns, and I don't mind that as long as people have a legitimate use for a gun, and are subject to reasonable constraints and checks.
anyone else do this
Switzerlake requires 99 provinces though, and current day Switzerland doesn't have that.
Yeah, Copenhagen was once really central, but then we lost Skånelandene to the swedes in the 1600s.
I take it you live in Copenhagen?
I'd guess either Nicklas Bendtner (football)(past), Caroline Wozniacki (tennis) or Mikkel Hansen (handball).
The entire film series [The Prince and Me]
That had me laughing for a full week
It has more acurate toponyms and better quality ortophotos
But if you mean "mountainous landscapes" you'd be very disappointed with countries like Denmark and the Netherlands for example.
dk is probably the most commonly known
Prost
The fact that you think the protests was just about the killing of one person shows how completely, utterly oblivious you are
Bringing in cake and/or pastries when it's your birthday is standard
Pretty sure we can strike a balance and this is way off to the pointless side of that golden mean
Prague is a great city and thanks for putting up with drunk Danish tourists
Have to admit: I thought "Mord Fustang" was a piss-take until I looked him up.
Google Street View sure has evolved
Less popular than football, but among people playing it casually/street basket I'd say it's the second most popular sport, although football is by far more popular.
Hmm I'm not sure if I would call American Universities useless
of course you can't resettle every refugee, and i never said that.
r/MacronDidNothingWrong
Stop trying to deflect - it's pathetic.
Also, my impression is that Lithuanian residents move out of the luxury of wanting a higher pay for the same jobs, rather than actually having to, due to jobmarkets collapsing there
Flag
It's crazy that the budget is not adjusted to the UK leaving and now EU even wants to borrow extra money, that we are responsible to pay back
One king behind the whole thing
Udlængsel :)
Stereotypes can be confirmed for anywhere - I've lived in Copenhagen for 7 years now and have seen a lot of stereotypes confirmed a lot of times
Just because _your_ opinion aligns with the opinion of this subreddit, which I have mentioned already, that is has an _extremely_ liberal definition of Europe
Yes it is
Even if Catalonia becomes independent, you could see *parts* of Catalonia going independent later as well, and they'd have the exact same "right" to.
Nørrebro is also in common language divided between Inner Nørrebro, which is "hip", and Outer Nørrebro which is part of the "North-West" and not so hip
We have just as little here in Denmark
If the stockmarket were made to remember that there is no guarantee that poorly run businesses would be bailed out, then perhaps we wouldn't have seen this ballooning wealth disparity we have witnessed over the past 20-35 years
Väska (Swedish) = bag
Not even saying this to hate on you, but the Swedish 'sju'-syllable is the ugliest sound in existence
something in Polish
I would never eat dinner after 21, though - that's crazy late
i just make up new words when that happens, noone notices
The problem is that we're working with a "sample size of one" here since we don't get these virus outbreaks that often
I do believe that USA has been a major factor in the amount of emigrants we receive from Muslim countries.
I honestly see both you and the baltic countries as part of the nordic countries
It’s so dumb
Gefion turned her sons into oxens and ploughed out Sjælland
So I understand the decision, it seems a bit like a "damned if you do, damned if you don't" situation
>All these people had previously been marked down on Archbishop Trolle's proscription list
Meh, democracy can wait until tomorrow"
Randers Boys, if you see a scooter speeding down the highway and they're drinking Mokai, they're probably from Randers
In the case of decimal numbers they're raised a little higher, so like 10^(95), except for per kilo price, which is written 10.95 despite normally using , as a decimal seperator.
And I had somehow always thought differently, but TIL
Why are people so fast at saying this is a great idea?
Dedikeret by Molo
Still I have heard that higher education in Greenland is taught in Danish not Greenlandic, but they might have changed that
In my experience starting drinking at 14-15 is very common, although I haven't been that age in way too many years
[link to sauce]
They were given 30g of caffeine instead of 0.3g, Mr Farrer said.
UKIP on suicide watch
Mostly by American media, everyone still calls it football or a variant of it fodbold/fussball etc.
What is the word you were going for OP
not make turkey close the border to syria.
5 times as much for power generated from Hinkley Point (once it finishes) as they are right now
Hopefully the EU will explain to them how a free market works.
I never had this rule as a kid, but it still feels
Tiraspol in Transnistria
Not convinced it's an issue needing a solution though, except perhaps if it negatively affects some people in various ways if they lack a positive body image (oh and the expenses related to building private showers I guess)
Nah, I personally do not see how Sweden would stand by and let Finland or Estonia or Poland get invaded and recognise it.
Same here
Stops up on her line
European empires used to go to war to gain colonial subjects, now the US goes to war to create markets for their buisnesses
Better than having a møøse bite your sister, I suppose
And that's not proportional, it's in raw tonnage
I got no idea why I've always thought it was risdansk
Pretty impressive for being a so small country, I'm kinda proud
As long as humans are born and as long as those humans use money, or just want things, it will continue
Oxygene (part IV) was groundbreaking in the 70’s and is instantly recognisable to millions of people
But for some reason it seems to be a topic of frequent complaint from German renters of danish holiday homes
"Mørke" in Denmark
I am by no means dismissing it
Also Lars Ulrich, drummer of Metallica, is Danish
North: Kangerlussuaq (Søndre Strømfjord), Greenland, 67°N
I do however have a psalms book from..
By the end, half of my entire year walked around looking like they just had a fistfight
The closest we got was in 1994 on Aarhus University, where a guy killed 2 other students
There’s a movie called “Under the sand” that shows what Danes did with Germans, it’s a pretty good movie in my opinion
The pork flu in China has been great for Danish export
It's always between 50-100% here in Denmark
Rows and rows of little cages
Oh, is *that* why my YT playlists are suddenly riddled with unplayable tracks
DTU (Denmark’s Technical University)
Sparkling water tastes like TV Static
We already have that
A little light in the darkness I hope.
Only a few very right-wing religious sects really oppose it, and they have no real political presence.
Nice bait but ill bite
It's actually kinda annoying
Criminals drive around in big trucks, cut up locks and dump them in the truck to sell
DLF Seeds A/S is a danish company that sells about 30% of the worlds " forage and turf seed" - grass, mostly for either sporting locations or animal gracing
Our high taxes and sloppy language should be very persuasive.
You will have the opportunity to become a developmental leader later, earning maybe 50
Edit: [Example] of how such roads look
In my city personally it’s weather the new buildings we have should have an old style or a modern style
Europe is the best
I generally cannot pronounce words with z correctly and say it with an s instead
Most of Europe I would travel by car, I would only take trains as far as Hamburg or Berlin
Ah yes, admiral Nelson
I needn't dig to find the inverse
Some double-blind tests should be fun
I'm just imagining a protestor giving an officer a Pepsi
But I almost never "forget" what the Danish equivalent of a word when speaking or writing it is unless it is a technial term I've literally only been taught in English
Shouldn't companies be expected to keep a reserve instead of doling out every bit of profit (and sometimes more than that) to stockholders
The Greenlanders are by far the worst here, but it's present both places
I would imagine Kaliningrad
And it was changed in 1953, when Landstinget (a  second congress excusively for the wealthy) was abolished
Thus, it was considered a passage so tight that only a cat could pass through easily
The victim complex was still very much alive
It was the perfect plan, untill my mom found out that my dad didn't understand a word she was saying
Products broke the law with misleading naming and/or imagery - like their strawberry cake without strawberries, and their employee treatment and management methods got the unions to bite their asses *hard*. Then, over the first year or two they got their shit together, and have become one of the better places to work (for supermarkets) and seem to have found their niche with as a discount brand with decent quality and in-house "bake it the last bit of the way" bakeries, that will happily make you eight fresh pretzels if you ask for it
Under pressure: under tryk
How is low taxes, small government, flexible gun laws, a strong standing military, and a minimum regulated free market backward?
I hope we will stick together :)
This ain't a YouTube comment section, get outta here with that shite
Ain 't no danish word got no dots over no anything
There must also be other reasons.
But on the other hand we don't have a cat law that should prevent the same things, which I think is stupid
"Agurk" is Danish for cucumber, but when you put it together with "tid" (time), a random 'e' just jumps in and wants to join
Edit: Bowsers castle will be in Russia, as it is bigger than i thought :P
I take it you mean if we use the informal pronouns
Yes, Ludovici Orban is a different guy
That's not the world we live in, and haven't been for generations
Why does it says that The Conservatives in Denmark are in opposition?
All of reddit is basically NSFW
Apparently the statistical services of the EU does all three things.
Key difference is, *most* European democracies changed it because this idea that the wealthy are smart and put the needs of the state above their own needs is silly and also goes against the liberal ideas that spawned the democracies
And usually I joke about it, and say that I had to leave Germany because I don’t like beer
Easy, the cunning Svensken (Sweden) who likes to abduct our people and feminize them into swedish people.
Armenian Genocide 2: Azerbaijani Boogaloo
That's fair, just be careful with what you say, because calling a language "more modern" than another is a very easy way to look pretentious / elitist
That would be dørkslag in Danish
Lolland is a job desert, and because of the rail and highway going through Sjælland between two bigger cities, Odense on Fyn and Copenhagen, it's easier for many to just work in those cities, and then there is the north-western part of Sjælland where Novo Nordisk is, one of the bigger workplaces in the region - but they can't really make up for the rest
What
The Å is half of the word "Nå". Learn that, and you can have entire conversations in Danish
As a dane, I hate that mute h.
I believe they're called "De grønne pigespejdere", and it seems (with some quick googling) like they still have ~120 groups
For a certain value of "democratically elected"
Hummus with bare hands
Just make them white with a black outline and there you go
And well, its well documented that its more difficult to learn as you get older, and Villy was not exactly young by any means
What's next
These movies are actually moderately popular in Poland
I agree
I couldn't help but laugh a little
Both my grandfathers were farmers and my dad is now.
“Like of course we have individual racists but no systemic racism
Woohoo
Well Chisinau was really uninteresting culture wise
Thanks mate - I love Poland and the Poles I know
The patterns on the Turkmenistan, Kazakh and Belarusian flag are gorgeous
> Hoo boy where to start
The Danish Society of Medical Practitioners Recently said the practice is “an assault and should be banned
The feeling of shame you get when you see someone else doing something shameful
And here I was thinking that isles meant islands
For instance about rats on the polluted beach where children were playing half naked
Then you forget that Kongeriget Danmark is the country of 3 countries, and Denmark is part of kongeriget Danmark.
minority rights are overruled with low voter turnout referenda.
I just wondered how widespread it is
I've been to Denmark(Obviously), Finland, Italy, and Vatican City.
You could argue that our social security cards count as IDs, as they contain our social security number
Look at that sexy Denmark graph
50%
I believe they are still available
If you order before 5 pm on weekdays, you can at times be lucky that the package will delivered next day to a 'pakkeshop'.
Thanks for the link
>Turkey
We're just waiting for someone to extort it before it will (hopefully) be repealed too.
Where coming you from
Would be great to have the equivalent in English
Same in Denmark, except it would maybe be a couple of Euros cheaper, but only a couple
I find the 200 euro per capita to be a good compromise as only Denmark and Netherlands to my knowledge have exceeded that amount
If you think the odds are very inaccurate, then you ought to simply take their money.
(Nothing has been swept under the rug)
>I believe only denmark has higher with 60%.
Lots of cold water around Greenland filled with seafood.
That's actually insane
Or are you implying the only thing wrong with socialism was Stalin
for the party, to push through legislation, etc., but not for personal profit.
Are you celebrating Independence from Austro-Hungarian Empire or Slovakia
But all you say is just "Hov
Sometimes the Nordics can act as one unified group.
In many other countries it seems like three times a week is not uncommon
/r/FairytaleasFuck
I think, that's very sweet :)
At my old place of work we had to send our camera crews to court for approval by her staff, and to lean to address her correctly
I was there with my SO, but I saw plenty of male/female groups out partying.
True, in the end it was a bourgeois revolution that only replaced the old masters with new
I agree that the dialects are dying, but not quite dead yet
I would like to contest that a case is happening almost every day
Is that weird
You could argue that our social security cards count as IDs, as they contain our social security number
wozzat
Christmas, or Jul, is celebrated in the 24th of december, where we have all do the usual christmasy stuff, like opening presents, go around the christmas-tree, sing christmas-songs.
>This revisionist view of history is simply ridiculous
Or a tax when someone eats a specific cake from Fyn
Well considering that I don't have an option not to pay them and they are taken out as part of my tax payment each week...
From Kangerlussuaq there are several daily smaller planes to Nuuk and most larger and smaller places in Greenland.
Bulgaria just needs to ignore the people who are going to scream and cry about how it's inhumane.
Your personal opinion is factually wrong.
A politician used this massive expansion of the track system to say that no farmer would be content until he had a station at the front door and the ability to jump on a slow train by the barn.
I only switch over to the English wiki if it is a little more obscure subject
one thing is that they are very expensive, another is that public transport will get you everywhere much easier and cheaper
It's not ok to be loud in public places, unless it's in the middle of night and you are drunk ( it's still bad, but most of us have been there)
That's why you can basically make infinitively long words in our languages
"And active opposition to any form of nationalism"
There were a song comparing those preferring raisin to Hitler
Fucking Germans
) nurtured through these bases
the numbers for germany are higher than for the uk.
Jagten (the hunt) (2012)
You post this quite a lot of places, was it with blasphemous intend though?
Denmark licking China's ass
Laid back - sunshine reggae
Swedish
It really just depends on the person, tbh
According to [a Danish encyclopedia] the name is some kind of joke that stuck.
Honestly faith is not something that I think about and I consider my self agnostic..
Within EU there's no limit, but it does make it annoying when ordering bigger things from outside the EU
Fascinating thanks for the heads up.
I would understand close to none of whatever a Swede might want to say to me.
Sounds like you are getting the same thing :)
This is awesome
I've never heard people make fun of Copenhageners being socialist hippies
Everest and the Sherpas
Hahaha I saw that as a child
Now I just hope that Renzi makes good on his promise and leave his position as PM.
Denmark was probably the clear frontrunner when it came to lobotomies
Europe is so densely populated (746 million vs 328 million) and with much less wilderness than the US
They should close that monarchy in shame, along with the rest
Though if you do that you can apply for something called SU which essentially is a government subsidy for students which can cover most student housing offers, basic food options and so on
The barrol - tønden
Absolutely not true
The undemocratic EU needs to reform or dissolve
But I think what I wrote described the mainstream opinion.
yay Ireland
The best beer is dutch and belgian
Isn't that how all sockets are built
It's fake, and that annoys Europeans who aren't used to it
If you succeed in removing the nations and are left with regions, would internationalism then change meaning to the restoration of nations in your opinion
Figures from 2017
Isn't your entrant chosen by the BBC or something?
That life is going into chock
They're actually cheaper than they used to be
Male genital mutilation is not socially accepted in most-all the west.
odd
Odense: Hans Christian Andersen
How democratic to exclude certain parties that you disagree with
Why is it not just a direct translation
Then again, I know some of the German states or UK counties as well  it isn't something we are taught, as we don't have much use for knowing them, just like you, in the US, don't have much use for knowing the Danish kommuner or German bundesstaat
The only numbers I can find that are newer is on their data site, but they are from 2014
Not really
We can get other sources, if you want.
I read it briefly in a small headline about 1½ page deep on dr.dk and had exactly the same thought.
I would love some 8 degrees and rain here
Yeah and Swedes are just drunk danes.
i mean that is just utter insanity
It's like when Pyrus applied to Rigsarkivet, thinking it was a place filled with rice
Sincerely a Dane
I've visited south Italy (where it's close to Albania), and Scandinavia/Nordics are also very exotic to them
Obviously it's ambiguous but many definitions of the balkans include Greece and parts of Turkey.
The issue with dealing with structural economic mismanagement at a late stage is that there’s no way to deal with it that doesn’t hurt a lot
Then we'd only have Ireland to catch the Atlantic hurricanes, and lord knows we have enough of those already
Not exactly a newspaper
Andersen Museum then
Right
Can we call you Typhoid Mary's sister
Yes, yes it is
No worries
The secret to Danish is beer
I love the Spanish reaction to snow
In Denmark peanut-butter isn't popular at all, witch is a shame because it's one of my favorite foods, we basically only have skippy and a Danish Eco-brand that costs a fortune, so 2 types, what's shown in the picture is a wonderland to me.
Only at the doctor and in public transportation is it required
People may think they don't want to live anymore but eventually after some years they found a foot in life again, have children and are so thankful that they got help and lived on.
All parties I ever attended with my twenty-something friends were BYOB, and the main goal was to get as wasted as possible
The protestors did some property damage to one reception area
I don't think I could mention a single brand.
Do other languages have similar semi-slang terms for this
Here, Nikolai would most likely be someone very young, interesting
With Schulz as emperor ruling us all with an iron fist.
Nigel please stop embarrassing yourself.
The Eurofighter for examples, is not developed through the EU, but through the NATO Eurofighter and Tornado Management Agency
Messenger and regular text messages.
whole wheat but with milk
They definitely aren’t.
“Oh it’s Independence Day
Yes it is
Dutch sounds like a German trying to speak Danish
I didn't really know how to react
The major export industry in Greece is tourism
In Denmark, we translate Jack to Knægt and Queen to Dame
We were neutral during WW1, and barely fought in WW2
Rådhuspladsen (townhall) most of copenhagen
I'm not really sure
“got it back from the danes” as if it wasn’t part of the homeland of the danes since before the swedish people existed
I feel like most people would happily make scania danish again
The voters need to feel the consequences of voting for that kind of person.
Just like *I* understand that in the context of "Free samples", the samples are *actually* paid for by the consumer
No need to know or guess the exact number, just know it is the ball park of the other two nations
Do you know that this is r/Europe
Meaning a lot of homeless people have also made a choice themselves that they would rather be homeless than have cash assistance for example
Strong in the sense of dialects, but everybody identifies as danish first
5mill€ and past the 10mill€ mark
They are living their own lifestyle, in their own rural community, and in a region that seems to be of like mind
Yeah this doesn't even cover the Danish military budget.
Your Danish friend must be from Jutland
The fact that I pay for priests education and wages through my taxes is ridiculous.
My gymnasium called the first years "smølfer" and played [this song] on repeat for the entire first introduction week of school, over the hall and class speakers
It isn't thing anymore but we had something called "radbrækning" you get whipped for 9 weeks, after that you get every bone broken either starting from the neck and down or from your toes and up
Last time something like this was posted, an Italian commented that she usually only gets mad when people make fun of his death
It was just the same person as the Danish king
A dark comedy sort of in the vein of In Bruges
I'd wager a larger 'old people' party is the Social Democrats/leftist parties as their youth/adult lives were defined by that party, free love and the hippie movement of the 60's/70's.
Be it for the individual person or a group
The common understanding is that we are allowed to hit people with sticks if the cross the frozen sea
Figures against population growth (or lack of) - would be nice.
Both objectives are achieved once the other guy is injured and doesn't want to fight anymore
Adults are free to choose to expose themselves to danger
That is enormously under-holding to read they others comments in the thread, and fat to recieve one inside-aim in how other humans natural structure theirs sentences
But it is fair to criticise a country from they do / have done
The contrarian people in this sub...
Most people here don't feel happy or celebrate atrocities committed against Turks.
The Danish one is tiny - even the Norwegian and Finnish Wikipedias are much bigger - and has amateurish articles everywhere
e to reinstate these borders.
I think it's a horrible ideology, but that doesn't mean that I'm automatically a fan of any political ideology that claims to oppose them, as limiting the choices to those two options is a false binary
No, they didn't get honored with Righteous Among the Nations because of the payments they received, but some claim the entire nation of Denmark was rewarded Righteous Among the Nations, although I can't find a prominent website to verify it.
A lot of churches out there are absolutely stunning, when I come to a new village I almost always look inside the church
5 min walk, 20 min metro, 5 min walk
Oh hey, I live there
Never heard, nice
The Economic and Monetary Union compare debt levels but disregards assets.
It is not only this car, it is applicable to almost all cars.
Norway used to have similar numbers
No, but really
I can import my entire spend history into budget planners if it's all on cards - in fact, my bank does it for me now
Please stay away for your own good Americans
Early spring/summer mornings is my favorite
Rocket enthusiast and submarine builder Peter Madsen is up there
Right now we are importing 1000 MW (roughly 25%), but that is basically because of the price
Not only can a Dane easily live in Slesvig-Holsten if he wants to, the Danish Minority Party is a protected party in the state legislature, and as such is not subject to the minimum vote threshold of 5%.
It'd be virtually impossible for an atheist to become president, for example.
Denne gang var fannikkerne parat, og de frygtede andre købere - bl
To me this is one of those events that you're supposed to know about because it was a huge event when it happened, but if you're born after it happened I can see why you might not have heard about it if you don't have an interest in newer European history yourself
That doesn't make sense either
Skåne stayed Swedish
I mean, the sentiment of the israeli flag is beautiful, but man, those nazis really knew how to make something look impressive when they weren't busy creating atrocities to mankind.
How 'bout you
\o/
Only public financing, membership fees and small donors should be allowed for election campaigns.
no no no, we're the dominant ones
You traitor you
", but nobody else has bothered much about voicing an opinion
His external image is however excellent
Haha, that would be great
I'm about to do that right now
We do the same in Danish
As a software developer I'm happy to report that we use Zero indexed floors in Denmark
This of course doesn't mean that that people don't share
Don't give them any good ideas
People do tend to forget about it, yes
Yeah I agree
That's... kinda the point with internationalism
There is no better way to celebrate Christmas than to get some æbleskiver from a Christmas market
>owning them libs
(LEGO)
On there, they only sell nicotine pouches, as these are not banned by the EU, and are not ***technically*** snus, as it is not tobacco
"Golf player accused"
But as someone who enjoys linguistics, it kind of feels like you’re cursed with an ugly language
...this is a really terrible version of the Internationale
Since we share roughly the same political ideology management of Sweden and our currency is pegged to the largest trading partner (Euro now, but the peg was to the Deutsche Mark belonging to Germany and we still worship at the German alter of austerity and close watch on the economy
[Finland is a made up place - it doesn't exist]
If music is playing, stay away
Whatever fiscal harmonization is, it is not tax harmonisation.
Only knew of signal because of the Hong Kong protests
They represent 10% of the population, but 20% of the crime, meaning that they are about twice as likely to commit a crime in Denmark.
They drank all of them collapsed like dominoes once or twice and were outta there a bit before we were done
I'm 7 minutes from the nearest city-train station, where trains to all over the city and city around it, comes every 5 minutes
UK: I want unicorn
In italy
“Okay” and “coca cola” are the two most statistically universally known words
Example from a Southern-jutish dialect in Denmark
Haha nej, det behøver du i hvert fald ikke ;)
I'm not Swedish, but I live 40 minutes from Malmö, allegedly the "rape capital" of Europe.
you will then become part of our new glorious north sea empire as well
But apparently not
besides the recipe changes from family to family
Pronunciation: I have yet to be fooled by anyone
If you set the same budget for food and drinks you have in Norway you will more than likely love frugally in those cities.
They're a bunch of privileged idiots on an ideological crusade.
This form of ownership makes "danmark" a non-profit-making organisation
And some how with handgestures make people understand I need a toilet if I was in Germany
There’s a bit more history behind that though that actually makes sense
It is enormously entertaining to read they others comments in the thread, and cool to get an insight in how other people naturally structure their sentences
caramelized crabs and a building shaped like ship
8 weeks isn't enough to visit every country in the EU, and not at all enough to visit every country in Europe.
The attacker didn't have a gun.
Really
Don't be too worried about those rules:)
> It is about a bunch of guys who live in southern Sweden that enjoy playing football and going to Denmark to beat UP danes
Then make sure to visit Skagen in Denmark
There are people when spoken about in the media is called "2ed or 3rd generation immigrants" - hence they were born and raised here, only went to danish schools, but could get deported any time
A few of the threads themselves seem to have been shitposts, but again, not that many, and the responses in those were mostly genuine.
About 70% of words are -en and 30% are -et
I remember seeing someone a while ago asking if it was worth it to move from USA to Switzerland for a certain job
It's just pronounced as a *u*. It's probably the *stød* on the preceding a that confuses you
And in the end, the UK will likely lose far more on loss of exports to the entire EU than any single EU country will lose on exports to the UK
Can confirm
But not compared to the whole EU
Rasmus Paludan
i've not seen complaints when someone asks a question, or comments, in english though :)
Amazingly beautiful, easily the most beautiful of all the ones you mentioned and it's really cheap too.
True, in the end it was a bourgeois revolution that only replaced the old masters with new
It's because we're taught, at least in Denmark, to walk on the left, so that oncoming traffic easier can see us, and have space to avoid us
An archaeologists Major
I'm strongly in favor of everyone using Euros
His name actually sounds pretty badass in English: "Thundershield".
Vikings are as danish as it gets
Mostly the people I met (who were not all locals of course) but it is also quite beautiful and has a lot to offer.
* Greece: Birthplace of democracy and philosophy, I wanna thank them for their contribution to history and culture
I always feel like Ungarn was the name for the whole country, and Österreich only an implication that it's a reich in the Öst.
be careful
We put thin pieces of chocolate on top of our bread
Alternative is a single speed track bike with fenders and a front rack
I get your point, but it almost seems insulting to us
as someone used to 8-9+ hours of sleep at night, 5 sounds painful
Denmark: Somesomething pastries
Despite being a socialist, I refuse to see socialism as simply the negation of capitalism
Only men 70-80+ play it
McDonald’s is 0,62 L.
En kradser er et pølsebrød med sennep som hovedingrediens, og forskelligt andet indhold, der kun sælges fra en pølsevogn
School trips are amazing
It would be an impossible position for USA.
**Belgium**
It's clarity from one end to the other, and sometimes that's not very far.
Gut
Other than that, I can't really come up with any 'misused' or 'fake' English words
I find a handshake very formal and "cold" unless it's during an introduction, and hugging all your colleagues would just be weird
I think you would have to be a native speaker to know all the different meanings and ways you can use fuck and shit
Aight imma move to Switzerland, they seem to know how to avoid war
I mean, of course it's in Germany so
Like you gotta ask yourself, would they ever sell the beer in cans, where it is practically only possible to serve it in one pour, if it "ruined the beer".
Once inside the main gate it’s easy access to the apartments
And things like chiropractors and physiotherapists can be subsidized
That'll totally come in handy when I inevitably get lost.
It's warmer in Finland, so you're already dead then
Oh we can find you alright
KILL MEEE
Sure if you're like 4
Norway is like the pseudo-twin to Denmark; exploring the west together while Sweden headed east
This part I won't defend or play devil's advocate for
Same here in Denmark
As crazy as it sounds, in times like these, this could easily have been posted in /r/UpliftingNews
Also credit cards are extremely common in Denmark (visa and MasterCard) so if we go on vacation we just bring our cards and withdraw euros at a German ATM.
In youth friend circles are pretty fluid but after that it’s like people retrieve into the same 2 friends
Despite being in 2020, however, there is still systemic racism towards black people and other minorities and, in case you weren't aware, there are also black people in France
At a hotel in Copenhagen called ‘Radisson Blu Scandinavia Hotel’.
Well, that’s good
Or Danes and Swedes
I agree most homes have a fireplace for "hygge" in the cold seasons, but in my experience almost no people actually use it to heat their house and instead use other sources
This year I want to share a Danish Christmas Carol
^(open
Note that 3 of them are in Greenland
TBH I'm worried of what'll happen without her at the helm
The closest you come to a recurring thing in the replies is "Trump is worrying" and "The Far right is dangerous" Hardly anyone screaming Nazi!
On the subject of Sweden, how difficult is it to serve a sausage with a bread?
No one in Europe recognizes Western Sahara.
U rly fit the stereotypical 0humor german
Biking of course
That must translate to the Danish word "hygge".
And then the commentator
If I had to pick a sport that Denmark could dominate then it would probably be the ancient art of making fun of Sweden (though Norway could probably also compete there)
This happened with the accept of the local Inuit leadership on Greenland and it was so attractive that more well-off Inuit families made sure to have their children enrolled in the Red Cross program
Wasn't the southern isles supposed to be Denmark in Frozen(aka, where Hans comes from)
EU: You really do not understand, do you
Denmark has a long tradition for “Friday candy” (fredagsslik)
Anyone else - no, would never happen
But in a more normal currency zone, like the US, there are fiscal transfers from non-crisis areas to crisis areas, such as social security.
All I can do now, and actively do, is to work and act as an internationalist
How many of them are broken or abandoned
You can also continue either french or German or start a new language like Spanish, Italian, Russian or Chinese.
People don’t really care if you are an atheist or Christian so long as you behave
I havent but my sister moved to sweden cause she dislikes our government
In my opinion, they're "songs of the people" and people should be able to easily sing them.
Satan has risen from hell and is visiting us
This is a bitter victory
It was alot hotter than that map suggests
Even if we accept your mockery of Americans, and we assume they do define socialism wrong, they still have the right idea about the real battle being between state coersion vs individualism
That area used to be working class and the bars lining the canal were filled with sailors and prostitutes
Store at room temp
a couple of times a year maybe
We have a weird form of “currency nationalism”
Of course I read that idiotic list
Other people have said the same, but a lot of people clearly agree with me as well
He wanted to show his son, that people my age do work here in Denmark
Mind geblown
This is from the Soviet Union right before they collapsed
hvad søren
Wow
In all honesty I haven’t seen these even when we occasionally get enough snow, but they look really lovely, so I’d be down for adopting the idea
Glærius
I can see how that would be a big problem when seperating subjects like you describe
My brother called me Rugge, which is a gibberish version of my name, and my mum also called me "lille frøken himmelblå", meaning "little miss sky-blue (eyes)"
Nordmakedonien - North Macedonia
There is a substantial difference between items plundered by conquest, and the items gained by locals giving them uncompelled and unasked for
Yeah and that's why you can't come to Denmark you goofy people ;)
Perhaps liberal as in the scandinavian version of it, as in rightwinged
2019 people
It *completely* changes the meaning of the data.
Holy shit Hungary
Wear a rubber yadda yadda
Aquavit was first mentioned when the Danish lord of Bergenshus castle wrote a letter to Olav Engelbrektson, the last Roman Catholic Arcbishop of Norway in 1531
I'm just glad (though also quite annoyed), I'm female, so at least for me it was mostly something people thought was "cute" or "attractive", whereas my male friends were often told they sounded "aggressive" or "unintelligent"
Grammar - not that hard
The receiving municipality has a duty to assign refugees a permanent home, but this home can not be in a ghetto (or in an "fragile/exposed housing zone")
*googles Welsh
Witnesses said she was breaking down crying in the bedroom after he left, but she hasn’t pressed rape charges and he says it was consensual but that he’s sorry and that it shouldn’t have happened (obviously)
Norwegian Mad Max would be a dull movie
are we going to have to use American English when the Brits leave the EU
You clearly didn't pay close enough attention if you think that they are better off than Lithuania
Cu - Kobber
Yeah, Switzerland's gun policies pretty much contradict their claims about gun control not being needed.
What is the most unique landscape you have near where you live
I know this is a bit of topic but I remember when Kevin Costners movies were super popular in Spain and some mothers would name their kids Kevin de Jesus
If you mean far away, but still in the country, older people will use "where the crows turn". Or my favourite, "where the world is extended with planks".
> germany will become southern denmark
No arguments so attack ad personam
A glorious superpower with no nukes and no military to speak off....
I haven't encountered any Danish flat earthers but there are other nutters out there
Those "frequent raids" areas - lots of those have maybe one documentet raid.
Yes, you know what they say "you can't choose your neighbors". We just got really unlucky with ours, we are taking one for the team
This is very much the question
I'll happily shop in a Danish Lidl when I come across one
It already prospered on its own, in so far as it was self-sufficient
\o/
If you want her, please take her
lets spend our money on hope, rather than something that works "now" :)
Don't forget the extended "Far, får får får?" "Får får får!"
Luckily (in my opinion), Germany (the most powerfull European country) is looking pretty solid
For the last two years I haven't had nearly the same problems as with Postdanmark in the past or GLS now
One has confided it’s going to be a tough battle to stay open
Difficult to separate than from culture now since is probably evolved centuries ago
Anyway, although several countries lay claim to having the oldest flag, the flag of Denmark is widely considered to be the oldest existing flag in the world
Female names: Åse, Ingrid, Gertrud, Inger/Inge, Margrethe
Here it makes sense to bring your own, since people drink different amounts and it's annoying to run out of booze
In my opinion, it feels sorta similar to what happened to a lot of cathedrals after WW2
I am *so* not surprised by this
We are THE titan in the shipping industry
Ironically they burned and pillaged Denmark for hundreds of years until a Danish crusade forcibly converted and annexed them.
Keep up the good work Margrethe Vestager.
This is spot on with my boyfriend and I. He owns an iphone and is dumb as a door when it comes to tech, while I (F) own an android phone and always has, and is pretty tech savvy
The same people who voted out, read titles like these
Wow, I had completely forgotten about that song - thanks man
Oh yeah, there is this thin in Denmark where the teachers opens a safe (yes, a real money safe) and tells us to put in our phones
Yea, sorry bout that
Yes but it's not known how much of Greater London would favor independence from the UK.
Sheesh
The German and Dutch is pretty difficult
>I mentioned it to them, and they seemed confused
[we give students a sailor cap and let them drive around drunk everywhere in decorated military vehicles]
Sparkling water seems so common in Germany, and of course you have Apfelschorle
I assume he's talking about Front Nationale, the big french far right, anti immigrant, anti NATO, anti EU party, being led by Marine Le Pen.
Its not about spending it better.
Mulțumesc frumos, am învățat pentru aproape trei ani :)
Not according to any internationally recognized treaty, anway, which is kind of the only thing we have that reasonably codifies what is and isn't an act of war
What did she expect
I don’t think it’s strange and fits well with American competitive mindset
In Denmark: Mom and dad are fluent in English and German
But I can't change it
No it's pretty widespread, here in Denmark eurosceptics got the most votes of any part at the last election to the European Parliament.
What makes you think that's specifically Swedish
if that counts
Is socialism wrong with or without Stalin
Guys, I have a question, how do I get that flag near my name, I'm so confused
Just for your sanity's sake; it's how I'd say it sounds when a Dane (specifically someone from Jutland) says:
It's a fucking atrocity
I think it's because someone at some point saw some Indian living in the slum shitting on the ground and then that became the stereotype.
Yeah, it's just a matter of asking some difficult questions when drawing up this federation: "What do we want member states to look like?
It's a bust
It means "of course" but some things can also be a 'selvfølge' which means that of course you have this thing, of course you deserve it
The RomCom, Friends with Benefits, is translated to "Bollevenner" in Danish, which essentially transforms it from a fairly innocent-sounding euphemism to basically being called "Fuck Buddies".
Keeping in mind that the EU Championships is even more difficult to advance in, I guess our best bet would be quarterfinals, and that would be alright
We don't have words like that
Not unless they'd rather become clients of China, which is borderline treachery
It's one of the things I really can't stand the taste off
they're not entirely like in the american movies though
Considering 95% of the people dont know it exist, I'd say it meets the hype
Even had a teacher with PTSD from being in the UN Peace Corps during the major conflict
I would still have crippling epilepsy and mental health issues so I would probably be “possessed by a demon” or some shit
Now give us oil monies to fix our crumbling public infrastructure høhø
I think I've been ruined by living in Copenhagen for the last seven years - I'm practically half Swede by now
Over here in Denmark, I’d say the most hated people in any job position are the train “controllers”.
A monumental era in European history and an important part in the decline of DK as a European power
Good job <3
Why
So we are cold, need the insulation.
To outsiders, they seem like there's no logic with them
Yeah the EU sucks for a lot of those reasons
And more and more hate towards those ghettos follow with it
The most famous one took orphans in and was paid by the government to take care of them, but killed a lot of them and kept collecting the money
Soon it'll be over
Amazing question
35 degrees in southern Europe feels like 20-25 degrees in Denmark
Danes had already visited in preceding years
Hvor kommer du fra
I would rather we leave the EU than support wanna-be dictators
Thats not a lot of time to make such significant changes on a cultural and economic scale.
Can't say for danish, but a couple of years ago I did an intensive 3 month Duolingo course in Russian
I follow my own country’s (Denmark) politics very closely
Germany, southern Slesvig
That beer is taxed as an essential food, like in Bavaria
Just find a person under 30, and they'll happily speak English
I think I can count the amount of Discover/Diners Club signs I've seen on my hands.
I love all of these but we need one from Sjælland and one from Jylland, I just can't vibe with that city view, that's not my Denmark ;)
But I would never agree to letting a diffrent country decide if my countrymen goes to war or not.
In Sweden, Norway and Denmark Facebook Messenger is the standard app to use for texting
Going to [The Gathering] in Hamar with a bunch of friends in (I think) 1997
Right-wing parties are rising all around europe because of the migrant crisis and this is not going to stop.
For instance there was the whole Giraffe autopsy in front of several school kids, for educational purposes
Spoken like someone that has never used street view.
The chance that someone joins is not low (there’s a good chance)
We ship it to Malaysia, where they dump it in the ocean instead  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I think he might be slightly stupid.
To such an extend that Swedish has a single four letter word for what must be expressed by an entire sentence in other languages.
That said, your question did make me wonder where the word *kun* comes from
Are you the type of person to say that penne is not pasta?
There's a bus stop two minutes from my apartment with a bus that comes every 5 minutes and a newly implemented line that shows every 3 or so
Not directly, but it is mentioned
The President of the Saskatchewan Medical Association has said the same (link above)
Okay now you're just being a dick dude haha
*The 'Stay' extremist was heard shouting "Stronger together!" while stabbing the officer.* ^/s
There is this sense of extreme paranoia when it comes to Russia in Eastern Europe.
[G] - 100 % (But I am almost fluent in German)
Tokyo, Kawaguchi, Matsumoto, Kanazawa, Kyoto, Osaka, Hiroshima, Nagasaka, Nara
Biggest market in terms of purchasing power
Check out /r/altright nearly every comment contain vile anti semitism.
Or is that just Austria
How power was handed from the right to the left, where the sitting prime minister insisted on being intirim prime minister, not political
Unless the names are hyphenated to form just one name any other surname is considered a middle name (or firstname in systems that don’t use a middle name)
english is fine
All travel must be completed within 1 calendar year of the date of original purchase.
Break -> Ødelægge -> Øde (Waste/Empty) & lægge (lay)
Yup, I have three of them
I don't know where he got that idea from
Jeg glæder mig til at se hvad udfaldet af dette lille sproglige eksperiment bliver, når jeg engang får oversat disse ord
Although it’s a part of the kingdom, it’s still very much a country on its own
Nordjylland er konge og du ved det godt
Sweden, but let scania remain
Though most articles are just plain more informative in English
Understandable since your main industries are nothing but tax-evasion and corruption
> haven't really listened to any real German speakers talking
BLOX for me is really one of the ugliest things in the city
It was alot hotter than that map suggests
The thing is, marijuana is really harmless compared to other drugs
Pork roast vs duck on Christmas is also big, although many do both
This surely isn't the case in Denmark
have/had different cultures, different languages/dialects, different traditions etc.
New moms  are put together with other new moms and meet up to exchange sstories/support
We were like
All that in a rural municipality with only 20
This
Because a couple of years ago there were something about the group I'm in of buying one of their huts
Just because they've changed less doesn't make them less modern
Have seen it multiple times, not really that unusual
Saxon is one such dialect, but that is because the present-day state of Saxony (after which the Saxon dialect is named) has taken its name from Old Saxony (now Niedersachsen)
I'm just here to say the Norwegian cheese slicer is way inferior to the wire cheese slicer
Obviously a police officer would be considered a civilian by the Red Cross under the Geneva convention.
Otherwise we also know alot about how  the earliest part of the Iron Age in Scandinavia divided between the Pre-Roman Iron Age and the Roman Iron age
Also, luckily the Danish government is also willing to foot the bill for operations done at private hospitals, if the waiting list at public hospitals are too long
Do you, for the most part, just accept that you are X nationality (wherever you live) unless you're aware of migration that occurred within the last few generations?
So wars between Venice and Milan or stuff like that
BUT: 40, fyrre: fyrretyve is not four times twenty
I was trying to fact check this as well.
Yo Iran please draw me like this
It does not only depend on the temperature
Wait a minute
Is it code for Christian family values(Father and mother, children, no gays)?, or legislative laws that are designed to help people raise children with a social safety-net, regardless of pairing of the parents?
I like the Spanish naming customs.
So if we are playing videogames, I leave and go to bed
Is this technology funded by the EU
It will of course depend a 100 % on how the rules are implemented and whether companies are able to find loopholes etc
I looked it up as well - The difference is that I can enter Tajikistan with a Swedish passport
It was amazingly well made and stupidly delicious.
As for noise in the night, we made sure to swap rooms when he started showing an interest in girls, and put him in the most remote room in the house
Of course I have heard of the concept of smuggling something into an exam, but I don't think we have an well established name for a piece of paper smuggled in
.... parental preference alone is not sufficient  justification for    performing a surgical procedure on a child
Speaking of shoes i just noticed he's just wearing a pair of New Balance that look exactly like my dad's
So you can change your government
Thank you, finally someone who said it
Foreign state flags on flag poles in front of houses
Beautiful Chairs as well
On weekend nights it’s full-fledged conversations and mixing of friend groups
Also the it looked like there could be much drama surrounding it when everybody does it with their own friend group
Otherwise all that money/time/effort would have been for nothing.
Trump calls the EU 'The Consortium' and has appointed an ambassador to the EU who says he wants to dismantle it.
PS: If you believe that antifascist isn't generally a radical political ideology, but simply a group that is against fascists, because they're called antifacists, then I would like to introduce you to the  *Democratic* People's Republic of Korea
Pathetic, Danish has 32, but only 9 symbols for vowels (a, e, y, u, i, o, æ, ø, and å) and some local dialects have more
Maybe it would be interesting to see a game set during The Great Northern War which was basically Sweden vs
I also don't think a lot of people know that some stories they know are old fairytales from Denmark, such as "The little mermaid" and "The ugly duckling"
I always had to look at my dad and get some signs from him to know if I should say yes or no when they asked me stuff
Sure, we like to poke fun at each other, but at the end of the day we do 90% of everything more or less the same way, and with a minimum of practice we can understand each other.
Also koldskål (a type of yoghurt) is for some reason a meme
Have you even seen some of his later tweets?
Well they weren't part of the first world as the term was used during the cold war but yeah..
invite in the mail and plan weeks ahead, kinda thing),  people would often drink a couple of beers ect
You can buy souvenirs bigger than the statue
Legenda nu a traversat granițele, socri mei sunt români, și stiu multe oameni in Danemarca din România, prin urmare stiu despre legenda Vasluiului :)
Also lajs, humlegranater, grünes, stifter and many more – as we say, “kært barn har mange navne”:)
The Baron and his men find him, and decide to pull a prank on him
Anyway i doubt this, long long it'll be worse again, unfortunately.
", however at a private party there'll be people who aren't my friends, either strangers or simply acquaintances
They're only common in apartment buildings here
(i have read it as a book)
>I believe it reproduces similar ideological lines as the American use
Most definitely, French or German will never replace it.
Generally, I remember to lock them at night or if I'm not at home, but not always, and it never bothers me if I don't tbh
Rye Bread, butter, boiled potatoes, mayonnaise and chives.
Well, they *do* call radio "kringkasting" ("Round-throwing"), so you're not *completely* off your rocker
Otherwise the 4 most populous nations could rule the rest.
They discontinued the physical catalog last year here in Denmark
You are asking others to forgive debt and refinance the rest of the debt with low or no interest rates.
We have a fair few progressives here its true, but I'd hardly call this place progressivism central, if it were we would not see overall agreement with the sentiment that we must close the borders and keep out the migrants.
How goes the Corona Sweden
I have a friend who has said the same
[And we see how that ended
This is awesome dude
Well there would Probably be some angry British demanding us to hand over our navy
Sweden: Sweden’s wooden houses look super cute
Having lived in London for 5 years, I'm astounded by the lack of card payments in this country.
You listed Sweden but not Denmark.
Money/unemployment naturally plays a big part, but there's more to it than that
I don't know about the others, but as a dane I've never seen "mjau" only "miau". Mjau is almost unpronouncable in danish
that and - the VIP in town have the better position - should the 'lesser' people fail/be-trail him - and better day-to-day protection could be handy.
i had to lug some suitcases and travel by train, and i was literally dripping with sweat outdoors
There are plenty of towers with multiple uses.
> It will be transferred to a warehouse of a Ghent city museum pending a further decision from a city's commission in charge of decolonisation projects
I originally thought you meant the flag.
Some people are worried, but the Danish language is such a core part of Danish identity, that it will never truly disappear
This is high-level international relations, there is no governing body above Russia and the US which can judge when the treaty is broken.
Yikes
The capital, Copenhagen, is so different to any other place in the country
Many features of deco, such as streamlined design of buildings, haven't been seen before or since, except in post-modernist buildings that specifically draw inspiration from art deco
What would be awful for Poland about it?
as that just seems "lighter" and a bit less serious than "Jeg elsker dig
Conspiracy time: Europeans are secretly boosting global warming to save money by not needing to travel south
He then goes on to say that no Frenchman will ever experience the pleasure of coming home to lunch as a 14 year old boy, thinking they'll just get beans on toast and then discover that "Hello, there's little sausages in there
Honestly, I wouldn't know how to slaughter and prepare the meat...
A standard 600 kg trailer will cost ~$15/day, but lots of places will loan you one if you buy heavy or large stuff from them)
>I am [...] delighted that you have made the acquaintance of Switzerland, and of the very part that I once knew best and which had the deepest effect on me
i got used to thinking in english and i don’t talk much with people in my native language so i’ve gotten pretty bad at it
A Dane who don't enjoy hygge
Also it depends on how far east you count Europe (or south for that matter)
For a long time there has not been anything further "right" in Danish politics, so that was where the radicals and controversial ended up.
The word "terror" has a specific meaning, has to involve political goals.
Heyyy
It is very common in Denmark, and completely integrated into day to day use
It's rare to go to a butcher here because why would you want to pay some 20% more for the same product you can get at the supermarket
No bias there, they were popular when I used to play FIFA, you would often see people using those
When was that
Why would they if they have done anything deserving of being brought down
Do you know it
Another astounding victory for Denmark.
The more freedom and equality a country has the more likely women are to just follow their personal interests instead of money or status.
>The Schleswig-Holstein question is so complicated, only three men in Europe have ever understood it
You have la bise, many find that an excessively nice and too personal greeting for almost strangers, to relatively good friends
Some of the ones I've heard are:
Just a pile of rocks in the same configuration for 3000 years
Not that relevant for agencies like NSA - that is not for them - it's FBI/police that have to do things by the book.
Me: “Then we capitulate 6 hours into The next war”
No law is as good as the truth, but where one is in doubt about the truth, then the law shall show the truth
Jk, we love you, Suomi
Stop supporting the EU policies instead of just making other countries suffer as well.
I’ve lived in both western and eastern Jutland, and there are massive differences
In practice, their governments are very devolved
(and get to pay for the helicopter too)
And it's interesting the "talk just to talk" thing, I saw that more in a small town in Jylland
Les Lanciers is apparently some old French dance that was popular in the 1800’s, but is now only danced at one high school party per year by Danish teenagers because they’re forced to by their teachers
Eventually my parents wanted to go back to Denmark and that’s how i ended up here
It's not really popular, which is funny, because Denmark's sports scene is quite wide, with lots of different sports getting a good amount of attention
I have never seen anyone store eggs elsewhere than the fridge
Awesome to play, and fun to watch for spectators as well
YOLO :)
In Denmark when a case of female circumcision on a minor is discovered, the parents are prosecuted and the child put into a foster home.
A lunchbox does the job just fine
I love these pictures
They pretty much treated me like shit, and felt as if i were a peasant
I just want to add some more nuance to my comment
Yeah it seems so
Its not so much being worried about them owning it and more a question on why in the world we sold it to Sharia supporters instead of a European company or something.
The early viking raids often sacked places of concentrated wealth.
* Ukraine: Standing up to Russia and wanting to become part of the European brotherhood
It means to be "in love" but only in the euphoric way
* Waste: 7,9 %
Now, that I think about it you *could* write 'szczekuszkowate' as 'ṡċekuṡkowate'...
As a dane I can't relate
2019 VW Golf 1,5 TSI EVO ACT (150 HP), 7 speed DSG automatic, Price: $43,349 (€39,092)
The only thing you can complain about is the EU not being able to enforce it more effectively
Just tell him that your armpits would be cleaner too if he'd cut off your arms.
like closing down coal power and such
I don't understand the glass house reference, but ohhhhh kay.
Pushing it on us will only destroy our opinion of the EU
*im still here*
I have noticed how much /r/europe likes him.
High-speed railways on Antarctica, let’s go
I also think it's best to use your Irish passport.
In the same way the Bactrian Camel is just called a “kamel”.
The footballer callout is the worst
You'll obviously see way more flags if you live in a place where the average person has a flag pole though, which isn't really the case if you live in an apartment in the middle of one of the larger towns or cities
It just depends on location, I think
And Finland hates everyone
No-one uses them though, for obvious reasons
What does current royalty think about what their grandfathers did
It's also incredibly expensive to get diagnosed for mental disorders like ADHD if you don't wanna wait five years
Yeah, it was renamed some years ago
Still, I don't really think most Danes see the the Faroe Islands as part of Denmark the country
besides the vikings and proto-Scandinavian old Norse before them, there are also the oral histories of the Inuits myths from greenland
Current political articles on english wikipedia are unreliable because the editors are by and large leftist anglos who have gotten almost anything but left-leaning anglo news sources deemed unreliable sources and as such restricted sources(Daily Record is not restricted but Daily Mail is, I'd restrict usage of either) and as such said articles end up being written by leftist anglos using left-leaning anglo media.
She had their æggekage and i had the stjerneskud iirc, great place, great food, great servers
The groundwork is being made now.
But we have a lot of other nice places to see
In most places around the country the lights are placed on one (or both) sides of the road/street.
A dark comedy sort of in the vein of In Bruges
First is in Østjyllands Politi who said they can go to Gellerup Parken with no problem.
Do I have time for sleep and a proper meal
>There's a demand for human kidneys but as far as I am aware Denmark doesn't farm them
I am pessimistic about Europe's future, but I still want to work towards a good one.
Not similar at all, the Danish "sport drinks" are basically Sprite (carbonated and very sweet, not sure why they're called sport), so nothing like Oshee
The first king of Denmark is Gorm the Old from 958 and there has been a king or queen since then
And even though every verb can be conjugated in many forms, most are regular, so you just need to learn 3 systems
yes
With the supposed onset of advanced automation we could probably do with less people.
And sad for the UK
Or Greenland and the Faroe Islands if we count them
But we use a lot more money on feeding poor people and supporting developing countries businesses than they do.
[This] and [this] is what local Copenhagen actually looks like
When people have ice cubes, they fill a special ice cube tray or bag with water and freeze it in the freezer
Why do you ask
The Danish knights had loosened the bridge and as the Germans rode over it, they pulled the bridge so the German men fell into the river Gudenåen, and drowned
There's a stød in *København*?
They are the wrong way if the picture is to be interpreted as people read in Arabic.
Why don't the French appreciate my Google translated memes
You can ask, and I don't think it'd be frowned upon
> both Norwegian and Swedish is easy though
Not that much better than Aarhus for instance
Sure, you could threaten to nuke another country and yes, that would make you relevant.
The seafoam green is germanic (nordic) and the sligthly more bluish is germanic (saxon)
First all over the face, then it continued to slide down along my stomach, and then down my legs and feet
Embassy personnel responded with teargas, before Iraqi military and police forces eventually dispersed the crowd
"Hey hon, have you seen Hades or Baal recently
As long as you embrace the general over-arching culture, I don't care where you're from.
As it is, the unions hold so much power in Denmark, that we don't even have a minimum wage - we don't need to
they mentioned the jet the indian guy flew with and i googled it
But like this we have our secret language even we don't understand xx
It's completely false but they don't seem to care.
Instead it just means ''Beech Cheek'' (Cheek as in butt-cheek)
Suddenly, joining Ireland doesn’t look too bad
All countries get atleast 6 seats in the European Parliament
I identify as cultural christian/agnostic christian and don’t really believe in god but I like going to church on holidays and I adore cathedrals
We also do trips to other countries at school
Just a very chill atmosphere, and good nightlife (before corona)
So Lenin was Tatar
Rarely do arguments get any worse than that.
And that the Greek just grow out of the ground
Yeah, I know my grandfather was very sad then they discontinued the practice of having the titel in the phone books
Not sure how many left wing voters would be pleased with that.
The West has been very good at embarrassing itself recently.
5km and not as easily adapted to metric as your ~10
Like a dozen (which is 12 pieces) , we also have a *snes* which is 20
118 Danish people caught covid-19 at the same resort in Austria
Don't worry, Denmark is also claiming the North Pole
Scandinavia with its country connections of wind, water and solar energy combined with rather staple corporate taxes and political climate is probably serious contenders.
[Christian X riding across the old border in 1920] after [Schleswig's reunification with Denmark] There's also the photograph of [the King riding through occupied Copenhagen] as a contender
For the countries mentioned above
The play has it's more serious sides, showing how Jeppes wife beats and abuses him, which gives the second famous quote:
- Sweden
The elevador santa something, that I saw on a vacation there
Instead I vote “defensively”.
Personally i never understood the point of a capital city
we used to have the budget at ~400 euro but it was way too low
Ofc
The monks obviously commited suicide to go to heaven instantly
When a Dane and a Norwegian (or Swede) speaks they’ll both continue to speak in their native language
One of our greatest export successes
hmm that's weird
Plus energy consumption will likely increase in Norway as a result of growth in your heavy industries (oil, aluminium etc) and household consumption (electric cars etc)
..and it's been raining for a month, so chances of actual sunlight are practically nil
Holland: Everyone says Holland, and i did not even know Netherlands had a translation until i looked it up right now, but i did know about there was a difference in English.
I did not see the kid at first, he had no lights on and was wearing dark clothes and hood, but I faintly spotted a little light on his face which was reflection from the phone he was looking at
> As the Sultan; son of Muhammad; brother of the sun and moon; grandson and viceroy of God; ruler of the kingdoms of Macedonia, Babylon, Jerusalem, Upper and Lower Egypt; emperor of emperors; sovereign of sovereigns; extraordinary knight, never defeated; steadfast guardian of the tomb of Jesus Christ; trustee chosen by God Himself; the hope and comfort of Muslims; confounder and great defender of Christians — I command you, the Zaporogian Cossacks, to submit to me voluntarily and without any resistance, and to desist from troubling me with your attacks
Not only a theory, but also just a work in progress.
I'd imagine it's exactly because it's cheap that beer and cider is personal - everybody should be able to afford it, plus its stable in any Danes diet  spirits, however, are an indulgence which not everyone can afford and are therefore more likely to be shared
i've also seen a quiet zones on ships
'Lunsj' in Norwegian is just as much a loan word as 'weekend' in Danish
But when it comes to Nazism, Danish comedian Martin Nørgaard really described it well, when he said "The scary wasn't that it happened, the scary thing was how common it was"
2 mio
Szuøskd sldløåø?
Good thing those boys were quick to pick up on that wrongthink.
That is correct, they entire map was made using copypasted tiles in MS-Paint
I recently received treatment at a physiotherapist, which was 23 euro (170 kr) per session
His goal wasn't even to kill people with the bomb in Oslo, his goal was to attract the police there so he could shoot even more on Utøya
Yeah - isn't it wonderful to see the voters represented /proportionally/?
As I said - this is a problem which mainly concerns areas of crime, public safety as well as the economic burden of poorly integrated communities that are unemployed
We had a case a few years back in Denmark where somebody found a law which states you can beat a Swede with a stick if he crosses the Øresund strait by foot if it freezes over.
Morten Messerschmidt has lost a lot of influence in the Dansk Folkeparti (Danish People's Party).
And navigate through the cannabis haze
Its definitely the style of the exhibitions that really sell it in Moesgaard, the design is really well made
None of them want a worse welfare state
In my city there is a castle from 1600s with crown jewels in the basement
Nope it does not work for most of Vendsyssel
He mentioned off-handedly while talking to US media that after visiting Poland, he would visit us in Denmark
That is an atrocity
"Don't pee here
* Isabella -> Isa
The truth is out there
You don't need to speak Italian to find your way to Milan or locate a bank in Italy for example if you're from another Latin alphabet country.
I like calm wallpapers
What makes something a different dialect would have more to do with the vocabulary, grammar, and accent (although yes, a different accent is not enough to make it a dialect from my understanding of it, either, maybe unless it's so different it starts making it hard to understand for others
If uou really listen you can tell that even the best non-native English speaker struggle a bit to compared to a native english speaker
Stating that is an incredibly easy thing to do, but actually making it happen is what ultimately matters, as that's the ultimate test
During those 33 years the state lobotomized roughly every 1000th citizen
Ever since I saw this video, I have been compelled to visit
Yes, of course :)
Except you do not give collective citizenship to "population groups", you give individual citizenship to individuals.
The first time it really started to affect me is this year, living on my own and being unemployed it all seems a lot more gloomy and limiting
Not today, May
Instead of saying half trice (halvtredje), you could also say one-half less than three
The government is simply limiting my choices
* Lem (Penis)
Cluj-Napoca is first mentioned in 1213
I don't care if it was expensive
I'd slap you for your insolence but alas, I'm to drunk
Yoo I totally mistyped
I always feel sorry for people trying to learn danish
Sometimes you can enjoy being among people who are from your religion and "segregate" yourself, even though another church might practice the exact same celebration over there.
When shocked I got out of the car to see to shout at him, he removed his white headphones to just say a lazy "what
There is also a private association, which helps you reimburse different things, if you are a member:
Napels would be great if you included the entire gulf, capri and Sorrento would be a great contrast to the chaos that is napels
How popular is each type of school
Don't insult me with condescension, I vote for one of the two moderate parties but I have plenty of friends who don't and it has nothing to do with ignorance and stupidity.
Yeah
for example, here in the north openly talking to strangers and/or otherwise being loud will be seen quite negatively, and will *not* make you popular
Oh yeah, that's it
Nikolaj Kan also me be spelled ***4*** different ways with C/K and I/J resulting in Nikolai, Nikolaj, Nicolaj, or Nicolai
Fillon is conservative in the French g
So for a short while the university student has his/her education paid for by everyone - including the uneducated - but afterwards they contribute in taxes for the healthcare, childcare, eldercare, unemployment for the uneducated
My coworker and I had spent a few weeks in then-soviet Russia, and was happy to get back to "Western Quality" of
[We leave them sleeping in their prams] We don't leave them outside if they're awake.
The fact is that high-speed train service is a bit of a luxury
getting rid of it in one go instead of gradually
Is she okay
Edit as I missed your last question: I don't think I know anyone who have never learned to ride a bike
A train network, just as the one in japan, with all major cities connected
Why isn't he asking the real question
Other than the Stockholm bloodbath, I have no idea what other stuff he has done and I probably know more history than the average Dane
it seems to me the niqab should be banned aswell, since you can't see the face
Especially when it comes to, as a woman, discussions on feminism and inequality, Americans seems to equate their everyday life with being similar in all of the western world
Also, Germanic =/= German
Wouldn't even use that word about my worst enemy
My aunt has mentioned more than once she never wore one and almost nobody in her year did (she often teases my dad for having one) and she graduated late 60s/early 70s
And another with a lion
It's a city landmark and sits right in the middle of the most used street
You made the choice to have a baby, you accept the responsibility of keeping it safe and healthy until it is 18
then there is making spaces between compound words
It's basically North Korea at this point
Most murders or assaults aren't criminals beating up or killing random strangers as they're out shopping.
It's not difficult to pronounce 50-90:
I think it gave me a better understanding of Italy
But yeah
Jesus, it’s really like a dragon ! (#Mulan)
It doesn't solve any problems, it is utterly unnecessary, it doesn't teach the child anything other than to be scared.
but you can get all sorts of "super advanced" windows
You might notice 'computer' and 'software' in Danish
If you wanted me to learn more you should probably have continued the discussion in English (or German, French or Danish :)
I feel like the two girls in the tanning beds from Final Destination 3
hot take: we shouldn't jail people just because they have bad opinions
Thats probably why a case was brought up at this time actually, its most likely a jab at either killing the law or castrating it to such a degree that it will be unusable for all time onward.
I absolutely do not remember, it was a very long time ago
We're just happy to be known by the outside world
There is also a certain element of fascination with the US in our countries, especially in the kind of people who run the media business, although shitting on the US is so popular now they would hardly admit it
Another good story, which definitely is true, is that my great-great-whateversomething-grandfather on my mother's side, who had a castle in Normandy and hunted with a legitimate wolf-dog, had his entire face bitten off by said wolf-dog
Examples:
I'm not entirely sure how it works though and I'm not sure if they have cheese
until the 14th of April
It makes the game so slow and dull, but the few seconds they actually play the game every now and then are alright.
Good
Quite expensive
Mostly, I feel it's silly, and becoming sillier by the year.
But I can easily accept that it is different in Denmark !
Pan-scandinavism petered out after the loss in the Second Schleswig War
He didn’t remember the title of the movie
Which, by the way, also includes Social Liberalism, and for that matter 'Liberal Socialism'.
While improvements, they as well are also not too charming, but after Hundige you sorta leave the Copenhagen area and get to Greve, Karlslunde and Solrød, which are very fine areas, and almost a complete 180 from the neighbouring areas
Russia can be terribly poor in some locations
Gut
Its mostly that Canada has fewer problems adhering to European standards than the United States.
A guy called newyawn who makes voiceovers on movies or realityshows
Japan trades with all of the world and they have no nuclear weapons
Safari by Molo
Ironically people are approaching nicely to this photo but at the background, the people who drew this picture, are having same way of thinking with that beheaders
"Ich hab Polizei" is in my playlist still, its awesome
I don’t dislike moderne buildings, but a lot of the time it’s an excuse to build uncreative and boring concrete blocks
It's just more pizza
And any specific reason behind choice?
Completely inaccurate; those are pistols, real Americans use fully automatic assault rifles
5000 years is not a very long time in evolutionary terms
Coincidentally all the movies feature Mads Mikkelsen, though he only has a lead role in "The Hunt"
Or Barbie Girl by Aqua, or Lean On feat
I did struggle with putting out a comprenhesible sentence I must admit
He just has to give at least 21 days of warning.
I've heard it said that it would be appropriate that we joined the EU due to (our trade with) the UK and now we would leave due to the UK
The guy is like Putin level ridiculous, does state censorship work that well?
With the windmills being the lowest subsidiaries
Sadly it had to take a whole 14 years before finally in 1997 it was clarified to clearly state that parents may not hurt their children
Haha, good take on it :D
In Scandinavia 0,1%
If I’m served raw meat I ain’t gonna eat it
This is going to set the proceedings for other cases
Soooo, no number for Denmark
Dude, DoW2 is fucking good, the multiplayer is so much fun, even if it's very different from DoW1.
Jeg kan være hvor som helst, når som helst, og jeg kan dræbe dig på over syvhundrede måder, og det er bare med mine bare hænder
And then you realise it’s pronounced Stetin
Its a hairy problem fur real
I’m pretty sure you just say “computer” and “elevator”, whereas here in Sweden we have our own Swedish words for those
Yeah, I was really disappointed when that happened
But that's because she doesn't speak Norwegian at all, she speaks Gøtudanskt, which is how Danish traditionally was spoken on the Faroes, and which incidentally is named after her hometown Gøta
I could  go on
I get that sometimes a name is too hard for children, so they give characters a new name, but Christopher is not an unusual name in Denmark
> Hoo boy where to start
If the society regains confidence and starts inflate/produce it self at a higher level then sure it could work.
- The average income for people aged 15-64 in the area (not including people signed up for education) is less than 55% of the average income for the same group in that region
We also have significant overlap with Atheists, and Christians, with many being both
We better stop because /u/longes believe we are just circlejerking and hating on Russia.
This kind of depends on what you do with your money.
That's kind of my point, the monarchies would be great places to put the castles, especially since there's 7 of them in Europe
Yes, the scenery in the cartoon is from Norway and Austria
It's generally more comfortable, and it doesn't leave you in an airport waaay outside the city (travel to and from the airport might also add to the costs of flying making it less of a bargain than it appears), and trains just *feel* more like travel IMO.
It is true that income tax is much higher in Scandinavia, but corporate taxes are only (at least in Denmark) between 20-25%, the US corporate tax level was [38-40%] Denmark and Norway has also been ranked more business friendly, than the United States of America by [Forbes] [The Danish Model] also includes an ease of changing the labour force in your corporation.
That bonfire must've been huge
North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Antarctica and Australia
Interrail works for all trains *except* in your own country
Which is even sadder and funnier because it couldn't be further from the truth
Both places has laws that dictates that about 30-40% of a company board must be women
nope, it's part of the google translate app on ios/android
All the shops and restaurants on that street are either huge international chains or tacky, expensive souvenir shops
People in the UK are currently looking at having to pay 2
If the phone companies want me to buy their product they best make sure to make something I like, and which is better than the other options available
So either its Russian fearmongering, or Putin is some brilliant tactician that can stand up to economies 20 times the size of Russia's economy.
in his kitchen kabinet he had:
small trees do almost nothing
Interesting and fascinating, but not really seen as being a part of *our* history.
I agree, but I don't think the council agrees.
Bu-da-pest
Our colonial attitude towards Greenland is one of the good ones.
According to my parents all the traditions surrounding our [graduation hats] are quite new
But I certainly don't think so
[I got a video too
You think you overpay for healthcare, but at the same time you believe "free samples" are actually free
- Things such as services, clothes and food, especially restaurants, are expensive
Additionally, feminism is still a dirty word in Denmark as it's been cherry-picked and warped to be either an extreme form of misandry or an excuse for some women to make sexism work for them, instead of trying to eliminate the sexist frameworks in the first place
Something else may be at play
Now our daughter has moved into that room, and is enjoying it in equal measure
You keep saying this, that it's an "accepted opinion", but FGM is also an accepted "opinion" in some places
We'll go abroad for a year or a couple of years, but always with the intention of coming back
Toscana dromedar - Jacob Taarnhøj
I don't mind Republicans, if they can produce an actual sane candidate
Antidepressives, prozac and such.
But this is misdirected skepticism
You sure you don't want Frederik as king?
It is a long process, but finding a tiny bit of oil to almost balance the national need for a few years have helped.
Yeah, just wasnt bothered to pay for the food there
causing even more terrorists to come when Tunisia becomes a failed state.
Not by how they look, but i swear i can identify a danish accent (when speaking english) atleast 10km away
[But you haven't lived up to the conditions set forth in the past] So it's not like the EU doesn't want to let you join Schengen it seems like they won't because they believe there isn't enough  anti-corruption measures
You may still find a really old farmer somewhere around here that has a very thick "rural" dialect but he'll stand out for me as well.
Also when I lived in London I had to get used to that “half nine” would mean “half past nine”, where the danish equivalent of “half nine” (halv ni) is half past eight
We just have welfare and unions
Thats also possible, because if it is liberal in economical sense (scandinavian one) then Denmark is, by far, the least liberal country in Scandinavia
I dont like him either guys but shouldnt we lay off him
I’m with norway on this one
That's really bad
That particular handwriting is Inuktitut only, the other Inuit use Latin script.
Except if those labels are on trains.
>*Source: Historisches Jahrbuch Liechtenstein, [Volume 24] (1924)*
^^^riiiight
aah, those pesky Russians again!
Thanks
Pepper
Let it at least be rebuilt
I distinctly remember that being you guys idea
right wingers are racists everywhere
It is, for one, incredibly modern, but also not even evident in the modern world
When that's done you would be weaved into a wooden wheel, put on a stick and left for the birds to eat you
Basically spelling is a shit show
This reminds me of a statement by an Egyptian Imam during the aftermath of the publication of the Muhammed Cartoons in Jyllands-Posten, during the crisis period where a lot of Islamic countries boycotted Denmark
*"I'd like to see you try"* laughed Denmark
And Aarhus could use a widening of certain bike paths, like they have in Cph
Well we should absolutely expect the worst from corporations, but it is still the fault of corporations if they act like giantic assholes.
I can see how that would be a big problem when seperating subjects like you describe
But why the need to specify that it is an iPhone
But on the way back, with BA, it was one of their A380's. It was quite nice, but really not as good as those new 777's.
Canada likes to talk the talk, but they're just as bad as the US when it comes to CO2 emissions per capita
All the characters are played by American/English actors/actresses and their Danish is so horrible it would have been a better movie if they had no lines through the whole movie
People from Malta speak English and Italian
Nice and quiet with lots of nature
This piece of propaganda was obviously intended for domestic use in the US.
how should a company have the right to sue a country?
Eh, for some foods, butter is way better than olive oil
My daughter and I only asked him to teach us this summer
i must say that danish is the most beautiful language in existence
Personally, i don't see fellow Europeans as a problem.
Norway and Skåne are the two odd regions
This joke is så clever
And as far as I know the expression originally is from drug addiction
Wouldn't Odense make more sense then
Thanks mate, as someone who voted for his party i'm quite exited for him to get the post.
Wow a whole facility for wallstreet bets members
Hvad fanden var det lige du sagde omkring mig, din lille tæve
I suspect it wasn't one of their busiest days ;-)
“Det er lige meget” (it is equally as much)
And they are already putting up scaffolding
Oh yea
“Suck it up” doesn’t cut it
Every time I watch some news from the British parliment (House of commons
Cons: living in the countryside is depressing as shit, and it's an overall inconvenient country (stores close early, no uber, taxis are expensive as fuck, it takes 2 weeks for your package to arrive if you ordered online) and the weather
You mean the military leader who was killed as an illegal act of war by the US
> digitalisation is still regarded as this obscure new thing
Compared to Germany we hardly translate or dub anything really
90 is halvfems or halvfemsindstyve meaning "half-five-times-twenty"
The Hvidsten group was a group of Danish resistance fighters during the occupation by the germans in world war 2
That's it
However, the origional poster is right, it is fun to speak danish (or mandarin, my third language) as a "secret" around non-speakers
What
It's almost like its two countries
even featured in danish television
I'm not really sure if we have an official name for our dialect around here.
Their politics is an whole other story
I not really too scared to be honest.
I have to buy three books for the first semester of my study.
(Can’t say most of us enjoy having to be taught 2 additional languages)
Though design patents for applied art ( such as designer furniture, kitchen equipment, tableware)  are valued highly, and has significant cultural importance
Or unusual phone design which does not allow for USB-C form factor could be another
Not everyone agrees with you, get over it.
A lot of politicians from the former East block has been convicted of something
mobile translate has the option to translate from a picture, which has saved me a countless amount of times
A lot of people joke about it because it's a stereotype.
It usually hits in the colder months after all which seems to indicate that it thrives in colder temperatures and thus it may not really impact the warmer countries much at all if no one's able to travel there due to a Covid lock down
My generation seem alright
Cause they aren't doing terribly well on that either.
Example; don't bring up how much money you make, if you make a lot
I have no clue if I've met any Catholic or Baptist Danes either for the same reason
There were so many people, you couldn't see anything, and the painting was so small and in far away
It was a rival to the Danish king and the interests of the crown
A kitchen strainer for fx
Where are you from
But wouldn't racist people still be rude towards me?
The UK for their music and tv-shows
Yeh I agree, I like them kinda neutral with a hint of a certain country, not just (example) German and just have a bratwurst on the table
Interesting if you search 'actual definition' on google, one of the definitions is that actual can mean current, with a source of the oxford dictionary, but the oxford dictionary explicitly says that this is not correct
When it partially burnt down because of political tension
Word-final vowels All became /e/, which is also why we have "hest**e**" instead of "häst**a**r" and "danske" instead of "svensk**a**". "Søn" is a standalone word, and so wasn't affected, but -sen is at the end of words
lets spend our money on hope, rather than something that works "now" :)
I don't see why it would matter to me honestly.
I'll go with various kinds of other roots
I'm probably dating myself here, but bands like [Kashmir] [Dizzy Mizz Lizz] and [Nephew] are the ones I like the best when it comes to Danish music
**Alsisk:** Kritbaren
Not really great
But outside of restaurants (and even then it’s not guaranteed), I have ice cubes like
The 3,5-year ones are called Diplomingeniør and would probably be equal to your Högskoleingenjør.
I'm not sure how it relates to international students or what special rules might apply there, but the IT University in Copenhagen specializes in Masters programs for people whose Bachelor degrees are in unrelated fields.
"Brev til månen" (Letter to the moon) by Ib Michael was the book that I had the most trouble getting through
Denmark was founded in like 500 AD or something like that
[Removed my original post
Denmark big, Denmark stronk, Denmark overconfident in his abilities
It is not as normal as chicken, beef and pork
Fair enough
If he builds walls, we integrate refugees
IT and tech is super important to keep up to date with in regards to security
I for one am happy that it's already t-shirt and shorts weather
Yea, it's a way of framing people from places like Randers or Hjørring as particularly "backwards". IMO, it's disgusting
All the way untill the bill was handed to me, I was convinced in the menu, that the prices per pizza was 1 euro
As a result, they were granted a fiefdom, the castle at Sainte-Opportune-la-Mare
[The Julekalender - Støvledans]
Either way, unlike all those other people expressing genuinely nasty view of the USA, it doesn't take a genius to see mine only serve to express the point
How little help you can get if you have an unspecified illness
It's still an ongoing process, most changes have only come in the last couple years
Making new friends here is very hard - just ask any expat working here
Although I don't know OP's source, there are many old photos of Copenhagen available [here] I don't think the website is available in English, but clicking one of the four right-hand photos will let you browse photos from districts of Copenhagen.
Bøvl: a huge bother
Sure, it's not going to decarbonize Europe as such
24 episodes of a (usually kids’) show each day in December up until Christmas
Even the area I stayed in which was far from the centre (IJBurg) was well planned and thought out for pedestrians/cyclists
Orban is just a consertive populist appealing to people fed up with how the immigration crisis has been handled.
Exactly this
And how snobbish they often are about food in general, with each other especially
No, they represent those who elected them.
How so
That's why I always make a point of letting people try in danish - it's a hard enough language as it is
Some people in Denmark seem to care about the US internal politics in a manner they would otherwise only care about their own country
Good thing Hell is so nice and temperate now then
The World's second amusement parc is Tivoli in Copenhagen
a lot of people who live alone, eat alone at home all the fucking time
Not just the Dutch, it really isn't a popular subject in *any* country that did it.
But you still have statues in Belgium of Leopold II, and Congo did become a Belgian colony afterwards
Doo it nau
The only holidays we have in Denmark are the holidays of the National Church
But plus side: We got to see nearby Lecce - maybe because of the contrast to Taranto I vividly remember a wonderful sunny day in charming Lecce
Koldskål.
Stiu, norog
I say most of Denmark because southern Jutland had become part of Germany when we lost the war of 1864, so a lot of Danish men were forced to fight for the Germans
Really
> Eastern Jutland: Kinda like Zealand, but with an accent
You are free to leave though
Do you happen to know how parliament appoints this individual?
I was in London in the 90's - IRA was a thing back then - i was travelling with some that felt the blast from the baltic exchange bomb - people was really scared of forgotten bags in the metro.
* The King/Queen must approve the law
I remember one of the suggestions had a Kiwi with laser eyes
So much was lost - I think it is telling that Shakespeare, though he wrote plays set in ancient Britain, Denmark, Italy and Scotland, wrote no plays whatsoever set in Anglo-Saxon England, which in the 16th century still constituted roughly half of all English history
Obamas NSA expansion corporation espionage against Germany, selling information to american private interests.
I remember having to read and excerpt of some icelandic saga in original language
Since 1900, there has only been 9 white Christmases (more than 90% of the country covered in snow)
But yea, usually those with the _thicc'est_ dialects switch 'naturally', or how to put it, I completely agree
True, nationalism has only started two world wars so far.
Nordsjælland - very rich people, snobbish
If you are you might like a recipe.
We kinda have that in Denmark with Emil fra Lønneberg and Pippi
Heyyy
“Islam isn’t compatible with with European values” there I fixed it for you, sincerely an eurofederalist
Only one that comes to mind is one of the last episodes of The Office where the documentary is being released in Denmark
All of them lies at around £55-60, and as far as I know it's pretty normal.
I’ve lived in both western and eastern Jutland, and there are massive differences
isolation and harsh conditions brought quite a few old scandinavians together
Nice if you don't live in a country legally why should my tax money go towards paying for you're medical bills.
**And I've brought graphs for y'all
If someone informed the police, they might stop by to earn their pay check, but it's rather unlikely if you did it on one day
Is it just me or just that look horrible
Google translate won't work on this link on my phone, but there's more of the same
Cyprus is like, as heterogenous as it gets so it depends, like there are ones genetically closer to you since Normans and so on.
For instance, DTU has one of the largest selection of pilot plants for chemical and biochemical engineering studying(the summer usually has the hall full with foreign students coming just to run experiments there)
And plus a lot of their popular dishes are born out of the Spanish Empire, since there's no other way they could have pork and cows
Looks legit - brexit still there.
It’ll be hard having to deal with locals already having established social groups, learning the language, figuring out the bureaucracy, and so on and so forth
Not to my knowledge, I was quite surprised when I was quite surprised when I learned about it a few years ago
Danes don't have to whole "save face" mentality for example, or the "protecting the family's honor" type mentality, so Danes will happily laugh at themselves, they'll happily tease each other etc
Ah, just from what I've seen, it's usually son
It used to be a goldmine, so many people wishing death to Danes over it
Though, I don't think noone in North Europe underestimate their contribution to world peace, or technology or their willingness to defend Europe.
Usually shower every 2
>	Morals are not, and I mean not, in any way, arbitrary
Pindsvin (Stick Swine) - Hedgehog
Defo Sissel, i loooove her voice
I live in København and it has that humid warm air from the sea and the heat radiating back from the asphalt that combined makes it feel 5-7 degrees higher than it is at times
I was shocked to learn how much of Europe has stuff like Amazon Prime and one day delivery
Oh dang, my Dear, sweet, half cousin twice removed and all such things
Supermarkets does carry bottled water, but not a lot, and rarely in larger quantities
But here in Denmark, we use every single bit that isn't forest or a city for agriculture
Did you [try to google it
Further from Coast
Demmark is flat as hell, so that excuse does not work for the Netherlands, as Denmark has proven that it's still possible regardless
If you include from the start of the kingdom then it would be
Or Sønderjylland
I've got major social anxiety whenever I'm speaking Danish
8 mil
We have one of the biggest populations of deer, where it is not uncommon to see herds of 70, even 100 deers just grassing next to the road
sorry I haven’t learned Turkish grammar, I just couldn’t think of what that was called
but you're absolutely right, that it can be discussed
Based
Absolutely
But bike theft can also be big organized business - my dad once locked his bike with two locks and all, still got it stolen
Passer ikke
Apparently, Danes are impossible to annoy
Hell, I think Danish is the language with the most vowel sounds in the world
That only works for dealing with the natural fluctuations that come with recessions
germany will become southern denmark and we'll gently overtake all their industry and money
Those human shaped mountain goats in the north got the biggest scam going that the world has ever seen.
Welp
"Danes have a funny sounding language" was not a thing internationally before internet meme culture
i am but loads of people are not
I do understand what you mean by being born into it but what is being religious if not being a member of a religious institution out of free will ?
Use one of these to find the dane.
I appreciate you taking the time to reply
When Denmark lost in 1864 the Danish King had negotiations with Prussia for Denmark to join the German federation.
oh yeah, Sweden was hid harder
I like how public drinking is legal and something everyone does and no one looks down on in Denmark.
So that's my country
EU: Ok
I've been in China as an exchange trip for 2 weeks with my school fall last year, and it's been a running joke since then that we went to school in a small unknown city named Wuxi with 5 million inhabitants (almost the population of Denmark)
Couldn't we just make alt elections for the alt right to have their own alt government of alt reality?
To be fair I think SF is slightly more radical than radical left but not by a lot lol
His tantrum was so bizarre that at least one person made a [techno remix]
Make that movie
Can't we be free of that crazy old witch soon?
I can't really give you an example of one film that portrays Denmark in a cringy way, but usually whenever Denmark is mentioned in a film or TV-series, it's something about HYGGE (pronounced "HOO-GA" if they're English speaking), the Danish welfare, something-something "socialism" something or the Danes being the happiest people on earth
Its true
It's neural networks being used here, which is better than magic, because it's math magic.
A trade war with Germany is a trade war with the European Union, we represent a united front in trade and cannot allow outsiders to divide and conquer.
Actually I just learned that Japan has the oldest monarchy and Denmark's is only second oldest
It's just Tjekkiet so I prefer the Czechia name.
Brexit will be a complete sh*tshow.
Now that is true, except *that* Saxony is the Electorate of Saxony, which is not what OP was talking about
What happens to Buckethead
The guard was going off duty, and joined us the local eatery of the small town on the border (I forgot the name)
#Flatlanders_unite
) are the traditions surrounding the hat:
It saunds a litel bit like dis
Our teacher didn't teach much tho so we got some pages and then googled the rest
In Denmark it's the other way entirely
If a swede tries to cross the border via a frozen over øresund (the water between Denmark and Sweden), it is allowed for us danes to beat them with a stick
I think that apart from Copenhagen and Elsinore (Helsingør) all cities in Denmark are called by their native name in English
Are you telling me that's all administration and none of that but a small amount is left
Summer is coming, but it is currently spring so the temperature is around 25 degrees
Haha, my little town in north jutland has cobblestones all over
Thankfully not, and it's very cheap too (compared to Sweden and especially Norway) Although snus is banned here
Its okay, he has a history of screwing teachers
Why else did we rush to accept all of eastern europe so fast.
But it's websites like this where I get my doubts, because I've heard several Jewish people on Reddit claim that Denmark as a nation is rewarded, but websites like this and Wikipedia doesn't mention it.
I would liken it to isulating you house with asbestos: If you are uneducated about asbestos it seems like a pretty good idea, it's fireproof, cheap and a good insulator
Corruption and shady business has been thoroughly normalized and begrudgingly tolerated (when not cheered on) as long as international football has existed, so there is a deep-rooted culture of "well, FIFA gonna FIFA" in football, which makes any single event, like Qatar's World Cup, a bit less of a standout atrocity
I've found that lots of Christmas lights help
The first three minutes of this song would be the theme at midnight on a Thursday:
Nogen gange er man nødt til at nedfælde ord for at undgå at skulle til at ændre den
^^^^^^^Sorry ^^^^^^^you ^^^^^^^sucked ^^^^^^^so ^^^^^^^much
Sweden and Norway in the winter.
I agree most homes have a fireplace for "hygge" in the cold seasons, but in my experience almost no people actually use it to heat their house and instead use other sources
From Finland I would recommend Korpiklaani, a Finish folk-metal band
I thought that was Vendelbo
So No Germans, you are not the only ones
It's mainly used as an example of bad sources leads to wrong history
As I recall they smiled and wished us good luck with that
It's also needed to free up space on the Øresund connection to allow more freight through when the Femern Belt connection opens to Germany
5\*20+5)
Satellites are pretty convenient.
5,6 million inhabitants - 20-25 million pigs
It still exists in Danish as medgift
A long time ago he was actually a board-member before the company went through a long period of c-level politics, hostile take-overs and bad mergers
Oh this picture again
I would assume Swedish, but I don't think I've ever asked.
Or don't you know what "both sides of the argument" means?
Denmark is one of two countries in the world to have more than one national anthem, the other being New Zealand
It's all Denmark
When your country is literally older than a thousand years you get a lot of that.
Krydret(literally spicy) is with any kind of spice, while "stærkt"(Strong) is reserved for chili
Every European citizen would get the right to live and work in the US, and vice versa?
Judging from the Wikipedia article, the German version of Der Kommisar was #7 in Australia and it looks as if it did better than the English version did in the US
You're working from a flawed definition of what is democratic though.
I had a shitty teacher for a year (didn't learn shit), then i got stuck since
i've heard of it happening
I’m so interested in trying some Balkan food
Rikke: E sounds like Ø and I sound like A
Copenhagen
> I vote for a progressive, secular party myself
I bet if you were shown a slideshow of politicians, old and new, with text about what they achieved I bet you will know a few.
And if it's in a fictional setting, it can be used to imply things about the author, *even if it's misunderstood* and based on faulty analysis
Thanks, I always get a bit uncertain, when it is longer, and I need to write more complicated things
>  it's usually foreign brands who come up with these weird non-beer glasses
I don't know about other countries, but in Denmark they do not get to choose to refuse blood transfusion if the doctors think it can safe the child
We used to have those small town schools too
The carcass of UK won't go to waste.
Yeah, I was a bit surprised that we almost had as many dead as Poland or Germany.
but
Ace of Base
I was flying home from Hanoi, and because of a sudden change in tickets, I was now going over Moscow
Netop
They don't end up acting crazy on the streets because they get the help they need
Even Germany is not very liked for its role in leading the EU.
Things like the fairytales of H.C. Anderson, the poems and songs of a lot of other romanticists
At any rate, if you take a bird's eye view of language it's impossible to maintain the idea that loan words are inherently bad and should be avoided
So they looked back to when we were strong, and found the time where people did a viking
Couple that with a lot of ignorance on how the rural areas actually are, as many people from the capitol never go to the area of Denmark that's considered "rural", and you get an awful mix of a large group people actually believing the stereotypes and the rest helping upkeep it by constantly joking about it
That, but also a lot of tech stuff
But I have never seen or heard of any, until now
200 years ago about 80%-90% of Jutland was heathland
I just looked up window in Icelandic and of course it is *gluggi* and has nothing to do with *vindue*, but there's also the word *vindauga* which basically means wind-eye
Would have solved a lot of issues
Also traditional hot dog stands.
That’s at least how I feel about it
Tyrol must really care then
To me, Finnish sounds super exotic and interesting - as does, say Mandarin, yet of course to a native Mandarin speaker, there is nothing particularly fantastical about Xinjiang or Guangyuan
* But yeah, a lot of Scandinavian people are way too up their own asses about their countries
If you are asking in Swedish and they understand, they are likely going to reply in Danish
I guess that whole region is shit
A statement that is true for every repost and doesn't make it better?
I wonder if it's a Danish thing, or a generational thing
PS: Hold up
Okay, I admit that skånska sounds ok I guess
You can't annoy Denmartians
Small central heat and electricity plants are integrated in the net for almost every single city.
...what is happening in eastern Siberia
That is bordering treason
I always thought it was Danish just like me, due to good branding and marketing
But thanks for reminding me about their hardships (:
O - Ilt
Yeah, not happening here, unless you’re a millionaire
No I am referring to the deep south of Jutland and some parts of northern Jutland too
Moose is American for Elg
**You more than anyone should know it well ;)**
My impression is that, while sarcasm is common enough, deadpan delivery isn't. Genuinely curious
Also, quite hilariously, they have a "Norwegian princess" in movie two, who wants to marry the prince because her country is poor
Unless you want to hear me ramble a lot, the first 30-45 mins can safely be skipped.
That should be your symbol is instead of the cross
We also got Ølsted
I don't really know now
You can either vote for a party or a specific person, the party votes are counted first
Then a couple of pumps so we can drain the Baltic and the North Sea and reclaim Doggerland
In Copenhagen, a lot of people only have the healthcard, outside most use their drivers licenses as their main ID
That is a hilarious comment
The text is from the case at hand.
which has transferred to the population and essentially made us more cautious/nervous in the public space
Don't worry, I understand, but as far as I know, we can't track back to any single original people either
You're just overreacting
What there are restrictions on however, is the purchase of alcohol
Are these areas part of Schengen?
So if Poland and Hungary doesn't like Jews for whatever reason that invalidates claims from all over Europe about Muslims attacking and harassing Jews?
DANCE and We are your friends by Justice were enormous hits in Europe
"Old people actually interesting nature funny accent"
Sønderjysk (the area right north of germany) is almost a separate language
Humidity also makes it harder for sweat to evaporate and actually cool you off
The 30 % is biomass, biogas and waste incineration
What with the social democrats not repealing the right-wings tightened asylum and refugee policies
After all, as a wise man once said, "no one asked you to pollute friggin r/AskEurope"
You can stand up, but don't aim directly for the water and don't hit the seat or miss the toilet entirely.
There's a canon pointed at sweden, and there's a old law, that says "If a swede walks on the ice water, you can kill him" This law is still counting, but we have so many other laws that there's no way around it
[This] is the only thing I know about poland
Dips on Skt
Josef was just the smarter of the two monsters
I get that, just wanted to say that if Greece is ever in serious trouble with Turkey in way that would require military help we would stand by our allies.
For Germany it was worth it in the long run, but i doubt we'll see Belgium admitting anything for a while
Well it is exercise and it's not during work hours, so it should be included.
I stayed after finishing university
Danish politics since 2014 have become Eastern European Populism tier sadly
Yup and that is exactly where I and Drahy disagree
Swedish is quite understandable but u gotta give it a thought sometimes
Looked on the map and surprise!
Yeah I think it's time Gibraltar stops being just Schengen area and starts being Spain area
I started learning English in the 3rd grade
Norway and Finland are soon going be more populous than us
Faaaaakeeeee
When you just thought that winter was over :(
The only one I can think of right now, is a bar in Århus called "Bar her og der" which both means "Bar here and there" as well as "Just here and there", which is a common answer to say when people ask you where you are/have been
Cus they assumed Denmark would be allowed to make Slesvig part of Denmark, so when we weren't they had to change it
The church has good morality if they deny marriage to people of same-sex
'I am going to Copenhagen to see the little mermaid'
it does nothing to solve pollution at its source, and the "cleaning" effect of the greenery will be next to nothing.
and of course the government etc
I am so jealous of mountains, I love mountains
Not this time, 2016
I'm just happy to hear that you are taught that the danes also were vikings
I don't think that's "obvious".
* Sweden: IKEA, Volvo and great lactose free products
Russia; always number 2, always trailing the rest of europe.
So I see it as an absolute win
Some people are adamant on starting a civil war in parts of Europe
Hmm, can you remember the name of it, or have a link or something?
Denmark and Norway likes each other, but dislike Sweden
The most important part is that the countries and the representatives can.
Just long enough for us to transition fully to other energy sources
Other Danish animated movies which haven't already been mentioned:
Greco-Persian wars - Anatolia gets rolled over
At what grade and age do you start having English lessons
This can be a good thing if needed
It's the norweigian version of "SS marschiert in Feindesland"
It reminds me of a time when I was visiting my company's office in Oslo for a few days, and I asked if anyone wanted some "morgenbrød" the next day, because then I would bring some
Other than that I would say Vejle or another town in the triangle-area
Weather comes from wedrą.
I just think H&K is taking the high road and saying that they're not interested in supplying them with weapons.
Its funny because I rarely see flatbread (Aside from in Mexican food which has caught on) and meat on a skewer here so when I see it I truly think 'wow Italy is so unique with its fancy food'
I also feel like a lot of people see Scandinavian countries as perfect angels free of sin (past and present) so when we do anything wrong we get so much hate
You can't say Zealand doesn't have an accent, like with the double vowels and what not
I watch [video] from very famous and only Finnish youtuper in world
Has been in many fights with Sweden
Rent in the student cities can be quite expensive.
Kinda like Norway with driving to Sweden/Denmark for cheap alcohol
We're just clillin' up here on top of Germany
The number of landline phones is in rapid decline in Denmark, so you can almost always send someone a text message via SMS.
But yea
It's just a tiny statue
When they play against each other, you know there will be riots in the streets
000kr before tax, 19000kr after (low but decent starting wage for my education) and realistically only having the option of living in a 50m2 apartment with rent over 11500kr utilities included isn't the dream
You are legally obliged to join Schengen
The danish numbers from 50 to 99 are horrendous.
Gift is both married and poison
It's about 2:1 suicides to homicides
Yeah - I grew up on Fyn, and been living in Copenhagen for almost a decade now
Gas is only available by pipeline in very few cities in my country, so it is mostly electric, but it seems that induction is slowly becoming the standard, which is superior to both gas and of course old electric stoves.
"Atheneskolen" is not a part of gathering gifted kids
How about we use this logic:
Hellman, Hellboy's boring politician father
NORDEFCON is not really that great yet.
DANMARK LÆNGE LEVE
Not a day goes by where I don't wake up in a pool of cold sweat, wondering if that dude from breitbart is gonna sink the entire western world and my way of life.
You must have swapped the two, Denmark is the pretty place and the Netherlands is the ugly place.
The great thing about the word øl is that it already sounds lke drunk mumbling, so no matter how drunk you are, you are always able to ask for one more
it's a pretty efficient system
I guess the difference is that the great American novels almost always tells their stories while looking at the great American dream and we don't have an equal danish dream that connects the entire nation.
I just spend too much time on the internet
The Danish Peoples Party (our nationalists) are social democrats in regard to all other policies than immigration
>Driving on cobblestone paved streets sucks
> And I dont believe the point of a multi-party system is compromise
But other than that, there are hardly any regional differences in Denmark
It's okay if they aren't flawless and need to switch to english or something for a little while, but they should be able to get by day to day
True fact, living below sea level made the dutch brilliant.
Windmills
Our politicians are very well aware that Donald Trump is doing his own thing
In my experience starting drinking at 14-15 is very common, although I haven't been that age in way too many years
Bornholm has a very distinctive dialect as well, which sounds almost swedish in their pronounciations
The last 1% can not read or write
Å (stream, small lake)
Unless you are Romany/Gypsy - almost everyone I know has a bad opinion of them.
According to bookmakers she has roughly 20% chance of winning.
Japan: $7,887,404 million (2,9%)
Currency
Sydjylland here
) Most of the time, it's more a question of rhythm and where the stress of particular words is placed, than vocabulary or the speed of talking
“Sorry, we don’t ship to Denmark” is quite common
Hasn't history unfortunately shown that the money meant for the development of East Germany was stolen by West German companies/individuals in a degree that rivals [insert your favourite example of massive corruption]
So far English is the easiest language I have learned (the others being Danish and German)
Norwegian is also somewhat understandable verbally, but Swedish (and Sweden) straight up sucks
Sweden: “rape capital of the world” is a phrase I wish would die out
But why should Malta have any say in fishing regulations in the North Sea?
It means countries that some consider eastern, don't want to be considered so.
Of course not that'd be silly
In Danish 32 would be two-and-thirty
The nordic system (best system) can be implemented easily in USA.
They say Swedish girls are some of the worlds most beautiful
I don't mind all the secular Turks.
On the other hand the one closest to me has been there all my life so guess they do alright
Them removing Danish as an official language, even though Greenland is part of Denmark and Danish is both the lingua franca and first language of 12% of Greenland's population, is laughably petty and frankly should not have been allowed
Like in most dictatorships it was probably driven by internal politics
Again after the Great Nordic War, France and Great Britain refused to let Denmark control Øresund again
This is my favorite example of it:
No one cares about them
I have been Union Rep
[Here's an example from the 40s] and [the same place today]
Legenda nu a traversat granițele, socri mei sunt români, și stiu multe oameni in Danemarca din România, prin urmare stiu despre legenda Vasluiului :)
We adore our little mountain monkeys
It's a loving hate
Gammel dansk does have a special place for breakfast of all things.
I would say Rasmus Paludan, but he barely counts as a politician
With the Dutch I understand maybe 85%, though it's slow reading
Like: My friend smells really bad, to him soap is a town in Russia
It had all the detail that earlier styles did, but with a very distinctive style, whereas modernism was more of a reaction against the very idea of detailed construction ("a house is a machine for living in")
That way the EU is much easier to get us to unite, because then we can agree that the language should be English.
It is also discussed in this thread
Yep i believe we shouldn't have them.
Currently it could be seen better, but I believe it is changing, as more and more Romanians work and study in Denmark, and Romanians together with Poles are well set to become the biggest immigrant groups in Denmark
I think it's a monolingual thing
Hellman, Hellboy's boring politician father
I graduated from business school and never heard of a paid internship
* Integration of immigrants and refugees has, overall, not been a succes-story, and instead of building an integration-system that works, governments have, since the 1990'es, instead created ever harsher quotas and made it harder for people to integrate, pushing away the necessary immigrant labour for our domestic industries, allowing it to be replaced with often black-leg or unorganised foreign labour, which, in the former case doesn't pay taxes, or in the latter case, further undermine trade-unions and collective bargaining
That we steal jewelry from refugees.
I am pretty sure it was taught when my parents went to school, but these days it’s really only old people who still use it, and I personally have a hard time reading cursive as it often just looks like a bunch of squiggels
Though the consequences of the Battle of Dybbøl can NOT be underestimated, it isn't the bloodiest battle in Danish history
It's ok
an example is in our national anthem: part of it compares the king at the time (frederik the 6th) to a fictional hero of peace, but in reality his time of reign was full of some of Denmarks worst catastrophes (the english wars, state bankruptcy, the loss of Norway)
Wait, no
You just remember 50-90 like you remember any other words
Im glad he got elected, even tho I am fairly left wing.
Yeah, Sankt Hans aften in June
When his policies were compared to nazism (which is a fair comparison if you ask me), he just turned it around, and called the interviewer a nazi for asking such a question
Other than that, I can't really come up with any 'misused' or 'fake' English words
Regnar Lodbrog for instance has a lot of accomplishments to his name
Depends on the field
Denmark joined the EEC in order to if not stop France from having one, then at least obtain the same rights for Danish farmers.
Which is the foundation of creating beer, wouldn’t you agree
Pretty sure you missed my first point, Sweden is registering more rapes, because they register every single rape reported as a rape whether it is changed to sexual assault later because of description of the case or no, furthermore they register *every single* rape committed as an individual case.
Bornholm is mostly remembered as a tourist-spot
We did, it just takes a ridiculously long time to get them ready.
We ourselves might have peace now, but it took a terrible amount of work
> Fuck them all
Sounds like you are getting the same thing :)
It's more about them moving out when it makes sense
This means that the retarded blue vs green bubble debate is practically nonexistent
We were sitting with a big beer and the waiter comes with three HUGE servings, probably too big, and to make up for our experience in Czechia of course we had to eat every single particle of food on our plates
Also billar
My country have problems too
The current level of EU integration is not working, and asking for more is asking for trouble.
It's sort of comical that the whole plot of The Thing, which is actually a decent movie, hinges on a Norwegian scientist not being able to speak English lmao, since he basically reveals the whole plot in that scene
I don’t know how severe it is tho
It’s sad that you have that experience with people acting like they’re better than others
That’s at least how I feel about it
Peace in Europe must always be the priority.
It’s 53 to 47 or something like that
The joke being that even in Denmark we don't do that
Once, when I was in England on a school trip, we were given a guided tour around Oxford
Look at the location of our capital.
San Marinos plates are beautiful with the blue and the crest
No those are some of the causes of voting socialists in
Other people have said the same, but a lot of people clearly agree with me as well
Not like I've seen it 50 times on this site
That was just what I wanted to highlight for people reading
Jutland (part of Denmark) took one look at this tradition and thought "hey let's do something stupid and crazy", and what they came up with, was tying people to a street lamp when they turn 25 and covering them in cinnamon powder
The Danish one is a bit misleading.
15c to 18c : "This weather is *perfect* for sleeping with the windows open
[Kim Leine - The Prophets in the Eternal Fjord]
That's a big difference after all.
As other said, depends who you ask, I don't think it's officially decided anywhere, so it's a social norm thing, combined with Eastern Europe having some harsh prejudice against them.
Hey, I can see my apartment from here
However sometimes you just use by for any of them when making conversation
OP linked this: [
It's not really that uncommon
Kradser
Came looking for this
It's not super bad compared to other countries, but it still stand out in a Danish perspective
You are not weird
I dunno, I honestly don't feel that it is.
Thanks
If international laws can be broken the moment they become inconvenient they lose all value.
I think your problems with Russians as a people (russophobia), is making you hate the song, just because one version of it is in Russian
“Kick ice block to fast forward”
Speaking depends on what area you are in or who you speak to
But in practice the "suffer" version is pronounced "lide" and the "like" version "li".
In that case it's not really a day of remembrance but a celebration of freedom I'd say
In Denmark it is “klar eller ej, her kommer jeg”
If you're drinking beer you will most likely drink from the bottle, but if it's something like wine or champagne you'll probably drink it from a glass.
NO: Dåse = "Pussy", no explanation needed
As I understand it, any place/person using bits of online journalistic content must pay a fee
It comes from the idea that the poor needed to be contained
From an outsider perspective, I would say the Opera House in Oslo
I got so much shit for being from Jylland while living there, it's honestly what drove me to move away from Cph again
If he was disliked enough to be removed as king, then why call him the good
That was embarrasing, lol
You can buy souvenirs bigger than the statue
It's still set up like a department store and most people would call it a department store, but it's technically a shopping mall.
I've never thought of the dialects from any of those regions as aggressive, and the "unintelligent" thing is some elitist bullcrap
>They are not in the EU
I have those
WW2 showed that financial assistance and democracy was a good idea (Marshall plan) and that gobbling up sovereign nations and enforcing your ideology on them (what the USSR did) was a bad one in the long term
Clearly not for some of them
Same in Denmark, but just with Peak Performance jackets
No need to make it more difficult to learn by minimizing the platform
Also sad to read even the R&D base is moving from the UK because of it
Damn
10° - 15° = t-shirt and wind jacket
Snobbish cunts haha (am joking)
And this is just putting it simply*)
Actually pretty sad
Excuse me for messing with the self-fulfilling circlejerk prophecy, but not necessarily
I always sound like I'm trying to fake a Scottish accent when I speak English
Telia in Denmark has something comparable.
We get a new tent
Great news for Austria, now it just needs to spread to the rest of us.
It's a major thoroughfare for people trying to get to other places, so it's often very busy with tourists (well, normally) and locals alike
The arguments for this is, that children of non-western immigrants often integrate poorly into Danish society, and integration is key to maintaining the welfare state
Did you guys throw us out of Scandinavia without telling us
That’s because they are
The electorate system has resulted in two parties coming out on top: both of them Liberal, not to mention that in many parts of the country, on a state level, there's legislation which makes living in those areas as
We are talking about a pattern literally as old as history
Ok thought you meant during the Cold War
Furthermore, holidays don't transfer, they stay on their canonical days, so sometimes you're lucky, sometimes you're not
Customs officer or parking attendant
We got that (almost) same rule here in Denmark.
Kamelåså not looking Danish irritates me as well
It's a pie
Norway got way to much of the oil
**YET**
The Oslo Opera House is cool, but what my mind goes to when thinking about some Norwegian architecture is this:
Ah, okay, good that it wasn't mean-spirited
Lithuania is slowly gaining ground as far as I've heard, investing in IT sector growth and whatnot
We need the big countries like France and Germany to start to pay up as well as other rich countries like Finland and Belgium, that are not contributing (net) very much
I’m not the biggest fan of the conservative Turkish leader but you guys cannot summarize this as ethnic cleansing the fighting with terrorist organizations in the middle east
The social distancing, washing hands, "lock down" etc
Unfortunately, I ended up in said region for work
In order to understand many of today's international problems and conflicts you need to understand the culture and cause
Nu e foarte anormal să căuta recunoaștere, în Danemarca suntem la fel
Another con: Malmö
Roofs as in *tage*?
"Aren't you coming to the party
edit: And Pikhede
Where even in Britain, or in Denmark
We had clear skies o Denmark all day today
Once online I fully thought the guy I was speaking to was Danish because of his accent, turned out he was Dutch
Copenhagen is amazing for restaurants and street food from all corners of the world (or so I’ve had multiple even Southern Europeans tell me), yet average people go out to eat like once a month or less
Not today, May
A peaceful Europe is a great Europe.
Why do people that defend Russia or Drumpf always uses the word muh
And ofc the universities are nota t the exact same rank, but I think the point is that, in spite of the difference in ranks, that doesn't translate into real prestige in Danish society
Either that or admit you secretly love Skåne and wish all of Sweden could be like it
The poem is about the [Golden Horns of Gallehus] written shortly after the horns were stolen from the National Museum, and sadly melted down
They usually don’t ask for ID when the worker is young as well
The only thing we bite, is the sour apple, when we have no options left
But it's no more than how people go: "oh so you are a douchebag" when they hear someone went to CBS
As a Danish person I would say it's far from universal
Uhm
I can understand Norwegian
Is that European
It's actually quite a new thing for the Chinese to write the word 她 for *she/her* instead of 他 (*he/him*)
Is everything some dick measuring contest with you?
There followed an attack on the capital Copenhagen, whose residents successfully defended themselves with help from the Dutch,  who honored their 1649 treaty to defend Denmark against unprovoked  invasion by sending an expeditionary fleet and army, defeating the Swedish fleet in the [Battle of the Sound] and relieving the capital
While in the field, they had been given an Austrian liaison officer named Radinger, who stayed with them on their march back as an official escort
Yea, I did no research, thanks for correcting me
It is a thing, I was send to I think two in my entire childhood, but I wouldn’t call it a tradition
world war, when a lot of them came to Denmark to avoid famine, as we weren't hit by the wartime devastation
I forgot to mention this
lol
Everyone pays taxes in Denmark.
I've learned some stuff about vikings, a lot about ww2 and nothing about ww1
that would be gold
>row of buildings with the little mermaid infront
Just like *I* understand that in the context of "Free samples", the samples are *actually* paid for by the consumer
A lot of the “evidence” are from the Christian crusaders, especially descriptions of Norse mythology
And more and more hate towards those ghettos follow with it
They are on the Council, but we do not grant them the rank of Nordic country
Without a quota system that means that a few countries are gonna be footing the bill (Germany, Sweden etc.).
500 years ago, a vast number of Dutch farmers immigrated to Denmark.
Pay you back
The name is still used and is somewhat common, cong into and going out of style as it generations change
&#x200B;
sure im the overly "political correct" while you cant even answer a simple question
All the European politicians that went out and badmouthed Trump when he was running for president, have put themselves in very stupid positions now.
Sure, but have you ever come across a cocio can (not the glass bottle) with Danish pant and not German
"puler" is slang for fucking would sound like it.
*when it's drukken fill it up
BIER
The alternative is to burn a lot of coal that kills thousands every year, so yeah go France...
Yeah but thats boring :)
It rarely stays for long though
I believe this [comic] best describes it
Monarchs are pretty good at insuring a peaceful transfer of power and that you can have non-political appointed judges and civile servants
This is so frigging gold and tells a lot about the current situation between the european union and russia
British people don't take their shoes off
Yeah, the driver has a view of all doors for security/technical reasons, but I dunno, it's just odd to shout "Thanks
same here in Denmark with the greenlandic inuits
For some reason I remember the top photo
Over at r/Denmark, a question like yours is very common
Pipfugl = Tweet-bird
So prestige in admittance or curiculum varies
A liqueur is a spirit drink with added flavours, e.g. orange (Cointreau) or cream (Bailey's) and often sweetened
Sure to non-Americans, that might not be very obvious, but the Cato Institute is a pretty well-known libertarian think-tank, so if you are just slightly politically interested, it should not be a hidden fact
Absolutely not
Using Christianity would make more sense that the other two as that is what bound Europe into a community in for instance the medieval period
Which areas did I forget
Ah, yeah, I was a bit surprised to see anyone call it easy, tbh.
DON'T FORGET THE NARUTO RUN
When I arrived at station-the, noticed I that I not was stood off the right place
In Danish "spanioler" is kind of derogative and/or old
Just frivolous noise-making
Jeg har skrevet denne besked på dansk først, og så oversat hvert ord til engelsk for, så vidt som muligt, at bevare ordenes originale placering i forhold til hinanden
In danish it went wedra(proto germanic)-> veðr(Norse) -> vejr(danish)
Language, nearly every country in Europe has it's unique language.
Oh my God
We learn mostly about the Ironage people (don't really have a name), the Vikings, and then the people in the medieval age
pity-beer is also an option
I went to a Cinema while in Maryland and the small cup of Fanta I ordered was larger than the largest cup I’ve seen in Danish cinemas
Our point of view is that it is the "low standard" countries that should start experimenting and push for more fair and democratic work and wage regulations, as you are the ones that are unhappy about the status quo
The trip out there is really nice
Also, Christianity was a subject
Also I recently heard the Russian expression "Ispansky stid" = Spanish shame
Our winters are usually 1-3 weeks of below freezing point and snow, then just above 0 C and rain/moist weather for the rest.
From what I know we do mostly the same things, as I am friends with with a couple of green scouts they aren't much of a "Christian society" anymore
Oh don’t worry we have a lot of jokes about you too
* Dental treatment
Never been elsewhere in the country.
You see the same with those little "honor system" cart thingies as well, they're usually have at least one flag on them
"Det er noget lort", "saml det der lort op". Selv hvis det er ting jeg er glad for
If look at Denmark, by the early 1800 only 2% of the land was covered by forest
Sweden, those Swedes better get back to their side of the lake
If you include the assets and the loans to government corporations, foreign entities like IMF and the "reserves" in the national bank it becomes a creditor nation that loans money.
I'd say our English speakers can be put categorised into four groups:
However, the only subreddit it actually annoys me is here on AskEurope
I think that apart from Copenhagen and Elsinore (Helsingør) all cities in Denmark are called by their native name in English
I hope you lovely baguette people will survive
What is this shit that you guys call 'Indian Food'?
Couldn't hunting and wild life laws not just be managed by the individual län?
You can be listening to the radio and it jumps from "I wanna know what love is.." to Rammstein to Justin Bieber.
That better be the best beer ever.
What the hell is that supposed to mean 7-7
This city is over-saturated with universities and the quality really suffers from it.
unless there is good reason to believe that would put them in danger.
In Denmark normal police carry handguns
Until a couple of years ago, it was still in Danish, even)
> Have you actually ever shot a pistol
I'm pretty shocked to be honest that Fillion still has a chance, I think he would make by far the best president but the corruption allegations might have hurt him to much.
Granted, you get Syria’s 50% unemployment rate
That means we use taxpayer money (even if you are not a member of the church) to pay for some parts of the church.
Depends on what you did
Imagine, You (as EU) have a fitness centre, and the UK is a member of that
China and India foot the bill for your defence?
I still think it’s funny to say “araba maraba” even though you probably wouldn’t say that in school/at work, it’s still pretty normal in informal settings
i really hope the weather i going to be good in may so i wont have to bring so much warm clothes but mostly shorts and t-shirts :)
The US military killed him
Also, they banned fun in the 60's.
And holy shit, look at the size of the area where temperatures are between 10° and 20° Celsius
_I'm late again
Also, I kinda don't want to live paycheck to paycheck the rest of my life just so I can live in Copenhagen
I didn't mention brown people by the way.
I love that the countries still have different colors :)
Probably, but due to lenition it would've been called "Jorvig" today
Why
Yeah I know it should cycle at best, but a lot of people talk about people on wellfare in general like they are just to lazy to get a job, when in fact the economy works optimaly when 5% have a hard time finding one.
I use olive oil for Southern cuisine and butter for more Northern things
which will make solving the other problems faster, in the long term.
I would say Denmark should be "Basil, Parsley (we use 2 kinds), Dill, Thyme and Oregano." I have never seen or heard of "primerose"
When Swedes and Danes debate they speak their own language the Swedes struggle more understanding Danish because it is a bastard language incorporating local dialects into strange sounding utterances.
Handball is very important
Jylland/jutland
Faxe Kondi isn’t my favorite drink, but I like it okay
Now you get why we're pissed
[Gentrification] is much more productive than demolishing it and has successfully cleared Aalborg of any ghettos.
The alemannisch variations spoken in Switzerland would, imo at least, fit better into the description of being a dialect
i live in such a place, or at least, partly
I'm also watching the match but I'm not a Copenhagener so I'm torn between rooting for FCK for the coefficient or Ajax to spite the Copenhageners.
Well that's a bit murky, since they are landlocked and weren't really countries for most of that shared history
Just don't tell Estonia
" |
I don't disagree with the notion that a majority (50%+) of the presenters are letting their political bias cloud their rational judgement on PragerU, however, there have been decent people on PragerU
Halvtreds, tres, halvfjerds, firs, halvfems
Hjalmar and Ragner are rare but not odd, and Torkild or Torbjørn sound Norwegian more than anything
You're right
I always sound like I'm trying to fake a Scottish accent when I speak English
They do not offer it as something you can do as you get ready to leave
I feel this one
*Put some whiteøl in your cup*
I don't care much about Turkey either way, and Erdogan can go fuck himself, but I have to wonder how much of this recent drummed up anti-Turkey outrage is part of an orchestrated campaign
The last one I picked up (maybe a year ago, I think), was at around 23:00
I was in Joensuu some years ago and it was +38 degrees
[Egern]
Når livgarden har for travlt med at tælle mink
like this:
Basically the only words spelled as they sound are ø and å.
The pitch in Danish depend on the diealect
Ayee
Point out to me a single far right comment that I've made.
And what we do have, is from public agent
So while we don't have a lot of the usual corruption seen elsewhere in the world, we do have quite a bit of "hidden" corruption
Not really, people may hold grudges against the language, or joke that "it's the Germans again" when the sirens are tested, but overall people tend to be more neutral or slightly positive
either way, slesvig-holsten returns to their rightful country
Oh that's interesting
The CCP may be trying to built an idea that modern China is invincible, but it has never claimed that past China was
Still decent quality for the price tag, but not compared to better (but more expensive) pieces
Yes it is really nice to not have German (no offence Germans) but its also nice to be able to have kids without them having to worry
And Aarhus could use a widening of certain bike paths, like they have in Cph
You get this one djævle svensker :/
BTW: Great that you understood my reference
It’s very good because everybody’s so nice and the teacher are very professional
It isn't thing anymore but we had something called "radbrækning" you get whipped for 9 weeks, after that you get every bone broken either starting from the neck and down or from your toes and up
Well, the strong beers are the good beers.
Odense (Denmark)
Fuck me, you're probably right
But Finland isn't real
(Gotta edit that one more time)
Denmark makes meat for 25 million people and deliver 20% if container shipping freight transportation.
God never entrede my mind once
We used to be huge, own and rule the north, even England for a while
Sausage party lmao
Before anything else, then i'd like for you to find another country to settle in.
According to this map, I wouldn't.
And then I look further up and I see that Sweden and Norway are placed higher and I’m like fuck
No idea what's going on with the US though
You might see, in your care home, multiple high-risk individuals get sick with the virus and be totally fine with no sideeffects, and then that will subconsciously warp your understanding of the danger it poses
We're chillin'.
There are so many different branches it gets very difficult to typecast them Apparently it is a bigger problem that the free floating center swings a bit to the right, but the previous 30 years of swinging to the left was okay.
He was removed as king in 1523, shortly after the bloodbath
So yea, I used to think it was a bad thing, but now I think that is just how it is
It's not ok to be loud in public places, unless it's in the middle of night and you are drunk ( it's still bad, but most of us have been there)
Aside from creating basically second-class citizens
Jeg ville satme ikke kunne bo i Hørmested
Often, the songs you like the best *are* the ones from neighboring countries.
Italian politics are so corrupt, esoteric and wacky that it's almost funny
Good time to link one of my favourite The Alan Parsons Project songs: [La Sagrada Familia]
Soldiers who go to war have a heartrate of a trillion the first time they hear real enemy gunfire in the vicinity
I personally think people who have the strongest dialects (really quick to put a finger on) are Copenhageners, North-jutes, people from around central Sjælland, like Næstved, Bornholmers
Truly a tragedy
I can have a pretty decent conversation with a Norwegian guy, and also a basic conversation with a Swedish guy
I like *being* in Austria and especially Vienna very much
It's wild to listen to, and only fair that they include it
They have a few days to comply
Just a heads up, we're known as the Danish Social Liberal Party, in English
Later I had dinner at 17:30
Religion just isn't seen as a topic of interest here so it just doesn't come up very often
But it gets more complicated
It's official name is ambersand but it's mostly called 'og tegn' which is 'and sign' in danish
Few years later shes back in the public eye being all “i was so young and dumb”
They just need to tone down changing laws in their favor.
You can also include Islandic and Faroese as it's the same as the other Nordic countries - except Finland, that is
If you don't mind, when has anything good ever come out of somebody losing their temper
Danes are Germanic, yes, but not German
It was not part of the campaign.
And just to preempt the "but nuclear power is flexible" crowd
We expect to announce them shortly
It's the Netherlands and Germany.
But the question is then, why didn't the Irish alphabet just adopt those letters
Folketinget := "People's thing"?!?!?
Ohh yeah
Right back at ya svenskdjævel
He has a point
The left is trying to take my money and freedom
Europe is usually agreed to be countries North of the Mediterranean, and West of the Bosphorus and blocked off by the Ural mountains in the east
No hard feelings from this side - and unless we are playing against each other, all Danes always cheer for Iceland in international football or handball matches
And people do
I thought I had left the Youtube comment section, but apparently not.
Any recommendations for lesser known places to visit while i'm there?
Men hvis det bliver brugt i samme ånd som putain, scheisse eller fuck, så tror jeg helt klart "pis" og "fuck" er meget mere populære blandt danskere
Lol
I Got some more ill post Them if you like these
I’m not quite on the real adult job market yet so I might not be the best to ask
Yeah
However, I’ll try anyways, haha
What the hell is with all the downvoting in this thread
While I would not say no to the US, I would prefer somewhere in East/Southeast Asia
Rows and rows of little cages
Might be that way from your POV but to us non-landlocked countries the European power to watch out for was that crazy one making wild claims such as the sun never setting despite them being unable to see said sun for most of the year.
It's rare to go to a butcher here because why would you want to pay some 20% more for the same product you can get at the supermarket
Gold is valuable because it's rare
>Unity across national boundaries
can confirm that we do indeed slip out of our clogs / put them away when we die
Then there is misundelse(noun)/misundelig(adverb) which is envy about belongings/status etc
They ruined Belgium
Thanks
There are certain "types" of journalism where it kinda makes sense to me.
> Many people who call themselves "socialist" today are not suggesting the complete abolishing of capitalism and the market economy
Great depression slowing economy.
We have Harry Potter with Danish synchronisation
The monarch is the the ruler of the reign or kingdom and the other half is the consort
Well, they certainly were political, but where did those politics come from
I think "Republic of" sounds so
Humans doesn't get any better though
I have a hard time believing how that number is now 28%.
How hard did you need to laugh
Sorry, not European - culturally, geographically or at all
Hg - Kviksølv
Christian/Kristian
There's so many issues facing nuclear power that makes it just about the worst solution we could choose to transition away from fossil fuels
Countries used:
Der findes ikke dårligt vejr, kun dårlige klæ’r :D
Can't wait for "50 shades of gray souls." the merger of Dark Souls the game, and 50 shades of gray the novel, I hope it appears as both a movie and triple A game title.
Diarrhea is not very common
Jutland is a mosaic of farmland, heaths, forests and small towns
Construction and decomissioning of the plant, disposal of nuclear waste along with extraction of Uranium are all incredibly damaging to the environment as well as emitting significant amounts of carbon (not comparable to how much fossil fuels emit, but still a very notable amount)
The Oslo Opera House is cool, but what my mind goes to when thinking about some Norwegian architecture is this:
Yeah
3rd would be to stop sending back migrants convicted of crimes.
My godparents speak like that and it's great
Therefore a lot fo Danes believe that Nutella is German, because the price is a third of what it is en Denmark, but Nutella is also Italian
How is it shaky
Some differentiate between linguistic and ethnic Slavs.
Damn, I miss being in big crowds, and not be scared to catch a deadly disease
Now, we don't want Russia committing war crimes, now do we
"it happened, but we refuse to recognize the Armenian genocide"
Well, there are some disagreement about that
Russia is also looking for a year round warm water port..
I mean the state owned liquor stores, drinking ages being 20 etc
Don’t we just say to have balls in general
What usually happens at that point is insane mod drama
I wasn't clear
AFAIK we had that stuff knocked out of us several decades before that :)
Hence the need to reduce social spending.
Better just to do the part you can and come back to to the other part later then wait to get the car removed
That sounds awesome, I wish we had this concept in Denmark!
Now I really appreciate all languages for what they each individually have to offer
With the best geography in Europe for wind turbines, UK covered only 11% of electricity from wind in 2015, by comparison Denmark passed 40%.
- Lee Mack
BTW: Great that you understood my reference
It seems pretty bizarre to use a digraph, when a perfectly good and widely used letter exists, and it isn't already in use in the alphabet
In a remote valley between the mighty Danish hillls a lonely castle stands.
The Moderators Want to Wish you all a Very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
It's a great melody for sure
When I hear the word central europe I always think of the climate.
If you translate *Erste Obergeschoss* literally into English, does it not mean something like *first overfloor*? That seems like a nice way to make sense of them: Floor, overfloor, underfloor
Faroese was considered a Danish dialect up until the middle of the 19th century
The cops jumped in and drove off again, and the tackling girl handed the purse back to the victim, adjusted her sunglasses, and strolled off in the other direction
Petersburg, but even for St
etc
You still use those to find the building.
Trump was elected following the democratic processes in place
Denmark and Sweden has had two debates on [immigration] and [feminism] Note the Swedes are speaking Swedish and the Danes are speaking Danish.
You don't have to be in the parliament to be a politician
And, I think you are handling your history perfect - not your fault, but you have a collective German responsibility to remember and teach
(There also a hieraki of which alcohols we do share - beers are seen as personal items only to be shared in dire situations, whereas mixers and spirits are often shared if asked)
Taking my car is out of the question
I guess I ought to blindly argue for Denmark, but I'm pretty sure you'll have an amazing time regardless of where you go.
IIRC He (Eske Bille) was controlling the amt for 10ish years, he was part of the “Bille” family which has an immense amount of power in both Norway and Denmark at the time
\*shrieks in Malagasy\*
But I have read alot about both Tito and Pavelic, and therefor I wrote that, but I’m sure you as a croat, know something that I don’t.
Aserbajdsjan - Azerbaijan
In the summer months I would probably say koldskål is my favourite dessert, whereas I would say æbleskiver or risalamande in the winter months
I'm parctially fluent in English, and im natively Danish
"Ah yes, the horse-fucking semi-demonic transvestite
The rest voted for :/
Populism in European history always leads to the fall of democracy, invoked Cireco in the Roman Republic rather than Nazis, specifically mentioning that the nazi comparison was overdone.
My cooking book is awesome
Which is not the case, if you look at reality
Poland experienced the same, up until it had improved to a point and then people started to go back to Poland
She casually looked over her shoulder and replied "Thats true, but this ass is from Århus".
The last one is called Do it Forever It is both hilarious and disturbing to watch.
Might single out the occasional loony, but mostly we just want to fuck, swim, get drunk and play football with them, in my experience
Ohh fuck
Belgien - Belgium
I give up with you
German or French conversational level is more common among older generations
Because I disagree with the symbolism
We also use "Holland" for the country, and "Hollændere" for the people as well
Or to be blunt, is it more diverse to have a separate "Chinatown" in your city, or just to have chinese people living in the city along with everyone else?
me too fam
Don't beat yourself up, Fårup Sommerland is awesome too
Also, my impression is that Lithuanian residents move out of the luxury of wanting a higher pay for the same jobs, rather than actually having to, due to jobmarkets collapsing there
However sometimes you just use by for any of them when making conversation
Nah man my cold danish body can't handle anything over 20°
I think it also has to do with the fact, that g-mail refers to one company, while e-mail is a general term
The bridge opened long ago, estimated population is 3.9million.
so please do tell, what is 'privilige' then?
Østjylland here
Kattegat can mean "Cat's butt"
Diktatur is actually dictatorship.
No, that money is going to the mink farmers
But the NOK is weaker than the Euro, isn’t it
Surely they can't afford the fine, what with their economy these days
Idk if Denmark is known for it’s beaches or not, but if you ever visit
Islamic fundamentalist dictatorships no less
I would say more like the UK of Asia
Yet it wasn't removed for some obscure AFAIK never explained reason.
I worked at the local Føtex for a while during high school and especially Saturday was crazy.
Then Danish
Don't know if it's considered racist, but it should be "yellow lives matter".
We actually just had the national state media ask immigrants and decendants about this.
Haha that was a good burn
I would not say this is a translation, but we had an energy company in Denmark called "Dong energy", I don't think I need to explain what that means ;)
That man is a true patriot, and we should honor his memory.
I have written this message in Danish first and then translated each word into English so that I, as much as possible, keep every word's original placement in relation to each other
If you were at a typical student bar on a friday or saturday I dont think they would even give it a second thought
The fictional country of Langbortistan
It's about a young man in the sixties, who spends most of the book being in love with his best friend's sort of girlfriend
That's practically cheating
Germany is at best a liberal/conservative mix.
Love the language, love the people
Haha
>The only difference is, they are big enough to scam people for money on the governmental level
Also, Näcken or Nøkken actually originally comes from Nykr which means "River horse" in Old Norse
Lets fight
There is nisse øl which for an American is a light beer and for Danes something you drink when you are 5 years old, so you could argue we drink as kids also
That would go to the Battle at Lund in 1676
What are you talking about
Daaaaaar noed galt i Danmark, Munke Mølle maler helt a helved te
I think the data from Denmark is incorrect or old
Yeah, we'll arm ourselves with VÖRDA and VARDAGEN
Bulky items are picked up once a month and stuff from the garden twice a month (but not during winter, except for Christmas trees)
why
What are the criterias here
I think that's par for the course in most western democracies right now
It's a shame that your politicians think that they can control the bleeding of highly qualified workers by making punitive laws against emigration, but you're still far off Greece levels of being royally fucked
What would we all speak
Thanks but no thanks
Also, the vast majority of rail traffic is domestic
As long as we're better than Sweden we're happy
As for jobs, I'd probably work at a newspaper, since my dad was a journalist and later an editor
WRT Vikings, I was so distracted by the fact that every member of the same family had a different accent that I couldn't continue watching
Føj hvor er jeres dansk ringe xD
Or free killing
I don’t speak Italian
As a symbol it still reproduces nationalism when used privately
Then we learn english and either french or german
The unhappy people kill themselves off, so they don't count in the statistics
I'd rather pay slightly more for GLS or something equivalent to that to make sure the service is good
I still had to be very kind towards them ;,)
Except that Häagen-Dazs in no way sounds Danish
There's is a lot of mockery between the different dialects though
You dont like being separated
It's a churro chart my friend
Near the coasts: that fresh and salty sea-smell
Not even Belgians
I don’t think travelling is about only seeing the most beautiful places
Huh
Rest in peace Uffe Holm's career then
I think we had a miscommunication over what a "failed state" is.
Why, why did we make Mogherini have any influence on European matters.
Maybe I'm just not very service minded when it comes to German tourists, who knows
That's racist
Every summer vacation we were handed this magazine with activities in our municipality, though
And at least she is understandable :P
I'm sure nothing bad will happen.
Didn't realize all of Scandinavia was high on that list lol
Among the most notable was The Danish Language Council (Dansk Sprognævn) and the Environmental Protection Agency (miljøstyrelsen)
and now I want to go on vacation somewhere warm
Cesko would be fairly easy for Germanic speakers to say it would be something like "sesko"
You’d think with all the talk of things being XXXL over there that you couldn’t possibly be surprised, right
So where do you recommend to go?
2 things:
Thank you, friendo
Perhaps he can can help unite the Europeans to take collective action against extremism
I have no clue whether this is true or not, just what I have seen a few people on Reddit claim.
Hell, even Germany used to have a lot more diversity in their beer landscape, with Western German beers being closer to Belgian and Dutch beers, while Northern German beers were closer to Scandinavian beer, but this took a blow, when Germany was united and their style of brewing was heavily restricted because of the adoption of Bavarian legislation(Reinheitsgebot), which favoured traditional Bavarian brewing
Well, we are speaking of Europe and there's no such thing.
I don´t like that
A spider is an edderkop (venom cup)
Mostly due to our soil, great at filtering and regulating
I don't use it myself and don't really know anyone who does (to my knowledge anyway) - but I still want it to be legal for the reasons you mentioned
Lima is nice, but not something you can't miss.
Kimse is a great word, up there with grat and makværk
oof, I'm not even Italian, but this annoys me on their behalf
Because when its probable cases, its an estimate and is highly elastic after what criteria is being used
- Faroese/Icelandic are similar, so have a head-start there
I think the /r/The_Donald is an ironic subreddit, so if you read the comments in that setting, it's actually quite fun.
I hate people with talent
In Danish both are common gender: _solen_, _månen_.
I think anyone knows that they need a study visa or other visa to be able to study when they are not from a EU or EEA country
The thinking is something along the lines of "well i live here, i have plenty of time to see it some other day
I think the Irish tax policy is by far the largest impact on the EU ️
My comment will reflect this
By the end, half of my entire year walked around looking like they just had a fistfight
On the other hand I've also met people who don't integrate at all
There is no mention of an independent Greenland or Faroes in the Danish constitution
these are terrible and their opposition to human rights makes them worse, not better.
However, one of the bombers that flew over Copenhagen lost control, dropping its bombs too early (into an apartment building, killing 11 civilians) and afterward accidentally crashed into the area next to the girls-school
BIER
That's not even a story passed down to me, it's a local legend in the french village where it happened
Most probably Armenian propaganda to hook Europeans interest
I don't like that it's not whole numbers
This     procedure should be delayed to a later date when the child can make    his  own informed decision
"You are not more than us
It's like stabbing someone in the face with a knife because you suspect they may have looked at you funny
like this  (Pretty NSFW)
Only if they are working for the North Korean state of course (looking at you Poland)
Det er sgu fedt der altid er isvand og/eller isterninger klar
Why should Muslims in Denmark consider themselves danes when the queen herself said the opposite.
Markets, shopping streets, bus stops etc.
Varde Artillery museum maybe
The goverment already subsidizes startups here
This is not stuff that the world nor Danish citizens need to be exposed to in this way
Yeah it was quite frustrating living in Hamburg
Lots of rain
Well, he is completely correct.
Wow, I thought you were kidding, but there's actually a [Expat-Turkish party]
They recently forced a change in the danish law as well, branding some of the maternity leave parents share, to the father
Being a single mother in Denmark qualifies you for more social benefits than what a couple would receive.
Svar ark is also something the teacher can give out so you can see if your answers were correct
The tradition started soon efter that every year on  the 4th
Cant count how many times i've seen a swede overloading his trailer stuck from a flat tire, in the tunnel leading to the bridge.
I use chrome, I think it's the dominant in most of Europe:
It's two of the most important aspects of life
They are far left socialist at the very least.
Perhaps Germans are just too stupid to accept technically good solutions.
But what if it is seperated top/bottom instead of right/left
Hiring a boat with my girlfriend, and spending the day fishing for mackerel and frying them over a small fire on the beach of some small island
Turns out you just replaced one dictatorship with another
Decent size forests (by Danish standards) you can also explore easily in a day or camp overnight if you want to
For us it's pressing the [accent key] and then Shift + E.
Stille nacht is one of my favourite beers
So i of course view him as a nice person /s
We are jealous of Norway’s mountains
AFR won't be remembered for anything in 50 years or so, most of his policies were short term changes.
I'm making Europe, Super Mario World style
Why not
If you listen to a Dutch 'hard G' (that throaty sound) it also seems damn near impossible to me but it obviously doesn't to the Dutch people.
Oh yeah, there is this thin in Denmark where the teachers opens a safe (yes, a real money safe) and tells us to put in our phones
[Christiania] was/is an abandoned military base that was taken over by hippies
Yeah, I heard about it when it was announced and added it to my IMDB list because of del Toro involvement, but I kinda forgot about it since it was so long ago
You say they were colonial, but Iceland was never a colony
EU: You really do not understand, do you
> I gave that example because Roman empire was an example of a great multiethnic empire
>and we also learn Danish though it's widely considered one of the most boring subjects among students
Shame that the new Gripen didn't really pan out well.
Glad to see people come together to protest against bigotry and ignorance
Politicians have always tried to follow the voters this is nothing new, and tone down the impending doom a bit.
Generally because we don’t need it to survive harsh winters
> For earth it is way too big scale
I just gagged a bit
Our constitution is from 1849 and has been changed 4 times
86 children below the age of 12 were killed (many below 5 years old, as the school, was also a daycare for toddlers), as well as 40 adults (most of the nuns working at the school)
Polen - Poland
We have a fair amount of Danes pretending to be Russian :)
Some schools offer up to 2 weeks, while others don’t even participate
Rutte had popped up to lowkey comment on the picture with a personal anecdote
Unfortunatly Danes are weird with people, who are different from them, not just Germans
We are no better than our ~~african~~ viking ancestors
Well
It’s probably peter Madsen
The full description is "People with Danish origins".
maybe we should conquer Poland instead...
Yeah, I definitely think it has to do with treating everyone the same and not having anyone stand out or think they're better than everyone else for a particular reason
Edit: also Tim, Wind or win (same word in danish), trapdoor, cage, Paris, clear, oddense (not odense), a town named happiness in danish, one named throat, DARKNESS, Dad's island (so that's where all those dads go), Gram, them not a translation, a town called make out, #Humble, and aother beer one this time just beer place, Monking mountain city which is near stonelittle and dianafield which is 8 and a half miles away from piss lake, hope you have a foot fetish then welcome to foot city, rude which is in english window or the english word rude, fan island where i grew up, there is also  Fokkenborg which sounds like fucking castle and it is suppose to i think since there is a rumor of in people who used to live there couldnt hold back of fucking eachother, also pikhade which translate to penishate, bored visit boring,also btw people talk about that wales city alot what about the danish founded new zealand city of  Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu
I mean, I'm just lazy, the only language I *tried* to learn was Dutch, but as I said, I'm lazy, so I just stopped ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
seems like your fellow countrymen disagrees with your lie about no-go zones in sweden being a misconception
If it was supposed to sound Danish they would've called it "Hansen-Is" or something
Imo you should have both common monetary policy and fiscal policy but since it is not possible, you should have neither
(/s)
Wouldn't even use that word about my worst enemy
22% more money on healthcare, oh
But there is a general (though kinda lighthearted) animosity between us in Jutland and all of Zealand, especially Copenhagen
All dogs are registered and chipped here
Schnapps, beer and pork
And I've lived in several places in Nordjylland and have never heard anyone call each other by those names, except for tøser like once or twice
My great grandfather was one of them, and at the outbreak of the 1
Everybody has a unique number from birth) and name of doctor
Letland - Latvia
Should they have stayed at home?
It's very normal
Yeah, you're right
There’re always tourists in the area wanting to ride a tour boat, eating at the restaurants (colored buildings, top of them is residential), or famous people making commercials
I thought every country used euros except for Denmark
We make our victims step on LEGO
London, good metro
En by der er blød som en krop "
Completely misunderstanding the point
I don't have the euro-sign on my 5-key on my keyboards
Ohh
In Denmark, we even have [afterskiing themed bars] even though we don't have mountains
g og hele vejen gennem både min bachelor og kandidat kunne jeg bruge ham som støtte i begge fag
Well he should have linked to that deal instead then?
You can just make out The Glorious Leader's house, a bright spot shining radiantly like the sun.
You just want to rub it in, how many wars and landmass we’ve lost
I'd rather not get highway tolls
I meant Kristiansand
It is not enforced by some supranational court, nor does it allow for quotas of any kind.
Godt at se dig her
To me, Cyprus and Croatia are pretty cool
If you think the odds are unrealistic, then you should earn some easy money.
The third wave did the same
That actually makes sense, even in Danish where double consonant is also indication of short vowel sound
How close do you have to be to feel the heat
Your GP is also free
There is everything wrong with surströmming
If a leader is taking insane steps (like we see with Turkey atm) it needs to have consequences for his popularity.
Southern Europe was richer than Northern Europe for thousands of years.
I like them both but I think the entire idea that there's some "Eurodentity" atm.
According to that map, [Bornholm] is still only "not invited". Ha, jokes on you for missing them
Haha, in Denmark "Royal Copenhagen" is our "national" brand of porcelain - [
I would, but it is hard when working on such a scale
Aw, I was hoping for a price chart of black market organs
Do we understand it in a Marxist fashion as a socialist mode of production, meaning a post-capitalist society
I wonder if that's where the Danish word "mobning", meaning "bullying", comes from
Scandinavia use "son/søn/sen" which just means "son of"
The reason being that it might have been arson and that would make the arsonist Scandinavias worst serial killer, who has never been caught
If you ask me - not the coolest people.
Even the Welsh are mocking us now lol
Which you've seen with Greece, where the depression probably wouldn't have been as bad as it has been without the euro.
Honestly, if you want to see nature, then you're better off staying in Oregon.
It really isn't. Absolute statements made about the incredibly complex nature of the world rarely is
But we never have forest fires here
You are right, I’m just so used to call them international students since that is what they are called at my university
* "Der er ugler i mosen" ( there is owls in the bog) - means when something is suspicious or suspicious things are happening
Well, we have the ['Fransk hotdog'] (French hotdog) and I doubt that has anything to do with France.
Fyn is just a highway connecting Denmark and Sweden (Sjælland/Zealand)
Except I'm not
>(3) Similar rules shall apply to acts necessary to enforce lawful orders in a lawful
Haha, I definetly see it now that you've mentioned it, but the coolness definetly stands way above the London underground and even the cute Paris metro
Yes indeed, Danish ærtesuppe (like your erwtesoup) is amazing
A better translation for halvtresindtyvene would actually be "half-thrice-times-twenty". That means a "half" away from thrice, which would be (3-0
TF is wrong with us then, why did we give them the territory
You can't wear jewish headgear in our ghettoes
As a dane I am a little offended
Sidder og sveder lidt over svagt ihukomne bøjninger og tilfældige gloser fra ferier sydpå. Sætter lidt for meget tillid til engelsk som bro mellem germanske og romanske sprog
Basically, grains boiled with water or milk
It makes you appreciate peace and hopefully be less ready to participate in wars outside of Europe too
Especially Stockholmares, not even Swedes like them.
The Prussians were kicking our asses and moved closer and closer to Copenhagen
If you don't have a drivers licence or a passport you can get an official ID card with a picture on it
On the bright side, if you're American you get to experience a free ambulance ride and will probably get your broken leg fixed for free because no one in hospital will have the slightest idea of how you can even charge for that kind of thing
Racist racial argument example:
We don’t have them in Denmark
Edit: The house is 177 M^2 (1905 sq ft)
The city is basically placed on two mountain/"Hill" tops with that bridge connecting them
Austrian because it is comedic in a fun way
Bosnia can into coast
Imagine you want to say “75”.
It is not just foreign cultures it is Danish as well.
Damn he's brave
We need to have axe-figthing on the Olympic programme
Jesus, how hard is it to say, "Sorry, I don't understand what you're saying
>WWI and WWII showed which post war actions will lead your enemy to become your friend and which will lead them to become aggressive in 30 years
If all of the Nordics gets thrown out it’s most likely Germany
We were greeted every time with "god tur
Another day i was working another job in this hotel
China: $62,591,470 million (23,4%)
I'm glad people are taking this serious
Maybe vikings were very concerned about bullying in the workplace
A lot of people are clearly ashamed by it, which seems rather ridiculous to me
Like in Danish we have the word partner too but no one uses it
* Has your view of Spain changed during the Corona virus crisis
Sure it gets colder in Japan than in Morocco, but the daylight is way more evenly distributed there, than in Scandinavia, where there are places, where you basically don't see the sun for between 3 and 6 months
Verden Vender by Gilli
I love ice
000kr of those to just rent (more if you want anything above 50m2), leaving you with 9500kr to pay utilities, food, insurance, transport, A-kasse, Fagforening, internet, phone, license and so on
I live in Denmark and while yes, volapyk is used, I've definetely heard "Kaudervælsk" at least twice as much
Australian   Medical   Association Has a policy of discouraging it, ad says "The   Australian   College of Paediatrics should continue to discourage the   practice of   circumcision in newborns
000 people
And to the users of the subreddit, and to the users of the discord
Killing traitors for the Empress is an honor.
It was Copenhagen Zoo
You can start by giving back the islands
I've seen several while hiking in sweden.
Don't really care except if i get called German or Swedish
I’m not big on international politics so maybe somebody can explain why
It is not enough to balance the right.
I guess you could say i was scared straight
Do people associate Sweden with those things
Clearly Sweden seems to have a completely different goal than the other Nordic countries.
Yet something can be said for the fact that it doesn't cause cancer (that we know of)
When I moved out at 18 it was kind of expected
> that it's off the grid of the mile washing machine support sheet
I do agree with you it was meant in jest.
I would add Strøget, the pedestrian street off the Town Hall Square
With all this said, I go about once or twice a year
All the trains I've been on during school trips have had quiet zones, assume it's on most
Langt-bort-istan was something I heard a lot growing up, it translates to far-away-istan
You understand me but I need subtitles for you
Strange
It became increasingly controversial a few weeks ago when the leader of the social liberal party had to step down because a woman within the party revealed that he had grabbed her thigh 10 years ago
That's the current theory
I totally forgot to mention them
There's no need to take it that far
The Letters is a way to make counting votes easier if parties have similar sounding names its, counting is faster when votes go to A and B than when they go to Socialdemokratiet and Radikale Venstre
How dumb do you have to be to do a pro-fascism march less than 20 years after WW2
For hundreds of years we have been wanting at least Skåne back, but now you have ruined it, so let's just keep the borders were they are now
Some other sports are beginning to rise quick, such as basketball
The government can not be the judge of religion.
In what universe does Spain have a conservative government?
Yeah, and you, in my opinion get a much better sense of actually travelling.
But while I’m Danish I do prefer speaking English as I feel like It’s a much more expressive language, and I feel much more confident and relaxed speaking English with foreigners as opposed to speaking Danish with other Danes (Don’t have the same interests/Denmark is the worst place on earth to make friends)
Dedikeret by Molo
Volapyk*
Etc
> This is, I presume, the same way I am opposed to the ideological direction of Socialism
And generally propagandizing everything and ridiculing and demonizing opponents.
Bonus
Yeah "dejligt" is more like "lovely" while "fint" is more like "neat/nice or even pretty" but could also be more like "alright". Fint is more mild for weather description
Kind of impossible to find a native translation since we just use "fuck" as a loan word all the time
Although there are politics that we disagree on, i thinks Sweden is quite a nice country
Furthermore
>Köpenhagen
Everybody loves the motherland.
"sounds like you've got a potato in your mouth"
Everything Copenhagen has to offer, Århus has something similar)
The train crash on Storebælt 2 January 2019
Lick the coin and find out
I'm surprised that Armin Van Buren isn't there.
Yeah, the danish system and public very much depends on the unions being strong
This is shockingly true to form
Edit: Seriously, why aren't you guys worshipping him more
Thinking of names such as Øyvind, Torgeir, Vebjørn, Gjermund
We should have, as there still are too many retards around here
Met a whole lot of different people and cultures, and i also Got some great working experience
Belarus - Hviderusland (White-Russia)
They're still not running fully, and will be obsolete before they ever start running
The World's oldest amusement parc is just north of Copenhagen
brilliant
However on a more local level areas seems to have more interesting  names such as Crown Jutland, Vendsyssel, Djurs and Hanherred
As far as I can tell, it was an attempt to "Educate the savages".
So yes, very casual
Only when they drive by in a tractor or harvester.
Ethnicity =/= Nationality
Are you referring to the 2014 russian annexations
Who wants CAP to be removed and who wants it to stay?
But I think the producers had to draw a line, it's a drama, not an exposé. So they stuck to public records, and if there was a public scandal, they would show the characters reacting to the scandal - but only if they thought it would provide a good framework for interesting dramatisation
It is not something that is commonly eaten here, but it is not seen as wierd
Also, quite funny that I as a dane is pointing out that Prague was missing
we're just the sea weed on the northern coast of germany and france
Hes too young to have worked for the Nazis!
Also Danish but with Æ Ø instead
Unless you've rented or owned for a while (at least 10-20 years, which her grandfather likely has), is part of a boligforening (most of which have waiting lists of over 30 years), then all housing in Copenhagen or the greater Copenhagen is super expensive
I'm extremely far from an expert on Hungarian politics but I did look up Gabor Vona turns out has studied history like me and in general don't seem that bad.
She had their æggekage and i had the stjerneskud iirc, great place, great food, great servers
On the other hand the """""health"""""" stuff seems to be from (relatively) far left types
You are presenting fake, fake alternative news.
i've also seen a quiet zones on ships
Remoulade
Birthday, wedding, confirmation, graduation, national holidays, town fairs etc
There are many, but at this point I will just mention "Letbanen" in Århus, which is basically a tram service
There's also an additional legend that says that the German men who followed Ebbesen and his men as they fled the city, haunt a local bridge
They have covered every angle with the location:
If a guest rings the bell it means they want to buy a round for everyone in the bar/pub
Also works with random people
The train has five stops between the Central Station and Malmø C, and it goes in a big arch instead of a straight line
The goal of a liberal parliamentary system with proportionate representation is exactly that: proportionate representation
Isn't that the whole point with our multi-party system, that any government has to compromise with parties on both sides, to best represent the entire population
I once made the mistake of listening to the BBC radio doc [Ireland’s Forced Labour Survivors] on my way to work, and I was openly weeping when I arrived
Luxembourg cuss word #1: Tax
It's simple as that
attack, the aggressor and the importance of the interests endangered by the attack
Denmark:
just weither or not he can hear/see properly
That's really odd, because even on Danish keyboards you can make È without any trouble
Men will often comment on how they find girls from the rural areas "cute" and how we are "so innocent and straight-forward", which I guess is not the worst stereotype to have thrust upon you, but it does get grating
Maybe you don't care about that, but either way it objectively clearly is distant from it
My dad calls his friends “drengene”, the boys
But yeah, otherwise I haven't heard any other adult learner speak as relatively accent-free as this guy
Saying something like this is frowned upon, but unfortunately true.
British people don't take their shoes off
A friend of mine even moved out at 17
stuff
I actually agree, I like the "touch of green" you sometimes see on cobblestone plazas, streets or whatever
State visits are still a thing
why tho
And we drink a lot
r/im14andthisisdeep
At 50
A war in our neighboring countries is insanity but there are countries in europe that survived being bombed to rubble.
You'll find ships, great halls, rune stones and ring fortresses in especially Denmark but also Norway and Sweden
"D" isn't natively used in Greenlandic(Letters that never get used in Greenlandic words), so anything that ends with a letter that isn't natively used in Greenlandic will have a dash in order to continue to the suffix.
I Denmark I think most households has one, except one person households or when living in a small flat/apartment.
I make more than that and im currently unemployed
Denmark has it as well
If this is Islamic terroism plenty of Europeans will care I can assure you of that.
26-30 = warm but nice
Sometimes our politicians are dumb, alright?
The airport in Sofia is in severe need of an upgrade, for instance
Ø (island)
Word-final vowels All became /e/, which is also why we have "hest**e**" instead of "häst**a**r" and "danske" instead of "svensk**a**". "Søn" is a standalone word, and so wasn't affected, but -sen is at the end of words
Different rules for the Queen, but if you chance upon the Crown Prince in an informal setting, he prefers the informal tone, too
hoping that you'll continue to support him once the two of you have gobbled it up?
Why is it called IJ
In DK our metro has a similar white asthetic, but man that righ there is just on another level
tons of support and more focus on actual learning rather than memorising
Whats that place in southern ireland
You can (with some precautions) talk openly about whatever you want when traveling abroad
Now consider there are idiots in this country who would want a Czech-out
but there's little practical difference between the two
So, no
Always find it troubling when the president decides to put his judgement above the judicial system.
Do other public school in Europe give free iPads to it's students like in Denmark?
For the past couple of years, I've seen maybe one or two days of snow per year and it melted almost instantly.
The more you earn the higher the taxrate, but the high taxrate is only for the amount that is over a certain point.
I personally prefer Steven (possibly because he narrated the Harry Potter audio books, which I've listened to almost three times since buying them a year ago), but Sandi is doing a surprisingly good job as host, it's still very much the same QI as always.
&#x200B;
Here's a thing to do in Slovakia
Non of the cities are named after these things
At least Poland has a political "center" and "left" as well, and not just a "right", "more right" and "plain stupid right".
there is just too much shit on the internet for erdogan to keep up with, some things are boundt to slip
My uncle used to do it too
I was just reminding myself to use this type of road more
I am so sorry to hear that
So it takes a lot to make a real danish friend
You'll see "Love you forever!" type shit on teenagers' facebook etc.
Well, since there's no age requirement to drink alcohol here, it's literally impossible to do underage drinking
Sneakers and suit pants
The airport in Sofia is in severe need of an upgrade, for instance
Its all about supply and demand
Russia - Rusland
This began shortly after the EU sanctions against Russia were introduced.
Even once the "buying of slaves" were made illegal in 1792, it was still legal for 9 more years, and you could keep the slaves until 1848
Then we're where we're supposed to be as a species.
Having a pro EU president in France wouldn't be bad.
As would you, if you had those fuckers as a neighbor
It's well known, and fairly common to play on a pure "for fun" level outside on a nice warm summers day, but I'm not aware of any serious teams, or of anyone following or watching pro basketball.
In Denmark we got the [Nihilistic Peoples Party] - Which goal is to ban chucch bells on sundays, because most people got hangovers, and that everything doesn't matter, exacept cute animals
And if it's in a fictional setting, it can be used to imply things about the author, *even if it's misunderstood* and based on faulty analysis
I think we have them on all trains except the metro in Copenhagen and the light rail in Aarhus
Marmelade or creme in a spandauer/ carnival bun
It's really just about reading the Dutch sign and trying to guess how a word is pronounced and it'll likely remind you of either a Danish word or possibly a German or English word with the same meaning
oh my you are definetly right, will have to edit that, my apologies Scotland
What *is* relatively new (emerged during the 90's perhaps
if Denmark split in half, im sure it would be Jylland and Fyn vs Sjælland and the island
Keeping their shoes on while inside homes
You should crosspost this to CringeTopia
I was in Gothenburg two weeks ago, and it was so weird and interesting to see how differently the people are responding to COVID in Sweden vs
I kinda forgot about HTX and all the rest
Norwegians are always welcome in Denmark, Swedes are a different topic tho
I very rarely hear any kind of appreciation for Danish, even by Danes themselves (unless badly translating memes count), and I’ve heard “why don’t we just switch to English lol” more than once
I totally reject the traditions and honestly they are so capitalistic that it kinda feels like brain wash sometimes
It’s a requirement that Danish teens get this experience
But outside of restaurants (and even then it’s not guaranteed), I have ice cubes like
**Ole Rømer** (made the first quantitative estimate of the speed of light)
TOP
It was basically played at least once every hour
I certainly don't know anyone who do or any nickname-versions of another name
a centimer spared, is a cent earned
Istanbul should be Constantinople and given to the greeks^^
People in Copenhagen or whatever may comment on it being "jysk" (from Jutland) if I'm the only one in a group that isn't from Copenhagen or whatever but they have no problem understanding it
Being an introvert this is the perfect place to suit my hermit life
But we still have a kitchen for cooking class
Yes, paper and cardboard are two different cans
They happened in:
I don't know how old the root is
Agree with Lolland, the Island is seen as the worst part of denmark, but hey, atleast lalandia is there
Anything bad that happens in the UK will now be blamed on "Those damned Europeans trying to sabotage us because they don't like us being independent
I feel like that would be an even bigger slap in the face of England
Or even that show that animated all of H C Andersens fairy tales
Yup, same here during the summer
for status as 'transitioning')
Train or car inside the country, unless you live in Aalborg and often commutes to Copenhagen then a plane ticket might be the better option (depending on time and money spent)
1 foreign policy priority
"Du hast *wohl* über den Premierminister gehört
^(take that Sweden
Or rather, is Danish still widely spoken on Iceland
Europe is so densely populated (746 million vs 328 million) and with much less wilderness than the US
I have yet to see Danish flags as part of the normal, everyday interior decoration in places such as classrooms (There always at least three or four), shops/supermarkets, etc in Denmark
It was just adopted by christianity
Does it mean anything in Lithuanian?
Proper rye bread looks like [this]
None of that is to say that the British Empire was *ok*, per say, or that it was an objective good
It's really hard to tell what makes the most sense without knowing countries and cities.
Copenhagen were some sommers it's impossible to even walk on the streets in some areas,
Tiny imperialist countries, sure got what they deserved
In Denmark people are split between pronouncing weekend as "Vikend" or "Wikend". I only ever hear people from Sjælland, mainly people from Copenhagen, pronouncing it the latter option, the same pronunciation as in English
Ø-øl in Danish
Remember that one time some US right wingers got in a meme fight with r/sweden
Also how it wasn't unusual to have a number of beers for lunch
&#x200B;
Generally not too found of that type of music, but I like the lyrics, very joyous.
they did this because they knew muslim women didnt want to shake hands with men, so they force them to
To me that seems like a pretty clear signal that the average Catalonian wants some form of independence.
Lies
You want citizens to have a strong connection to the country, and not simply become citizens for convenience or welfare
Greenland and Faroe Islands are not really considered "Denmark".
Of course, it's no fun exercising a sore muscle, so
Sure, some people with too much money and no good ideas on how to spend it, might get a set of custom plates
Yeah, if language proficiency is an acceptance requirement (I think it's a requirement for bachelor degrees but not masters) it's harder to get in.
Other countries might be less American friendly, but I doubt you'd (commonly) meet outright hostility anywhere in Europe simply for being American
I think he meant, it's a cheap meal at a restaurant in Denmark
I bet you wouldn't order meat by the hectogram either
I think we should make the EU army now!
There is usually space to park the trailer outside the inner cities
Nope
If live at home you get ~$130-800 depending on your parents’ income
We know it’s you Jeff
* Ayaan Hirsi Ali (A somalian-dutch human's rights critic of Islam, and advocate for the rights and self-determination of Muslim women
Holy shit that sounds like alot to me.
That's a stab in the back, thanks Holland
I don't wanna force anyone to try it since it looks a bit gross but "leverpostej" in an open sandwich is always great.
In Denmark, the age for when someone is considered an adult in sexual relations is 15
So it's bascially a monastery town or something?
The only people I know who hunt goes to Sweden to do it...
They're not, they're concerned about baby penises being cut up
There aren't many, if any, mentions clearly by any ancient historians like Pliny, Tacitus or Suetonius
What point are you trying to make, exactly?
Not purely theoretical, there are countries with backwards governments in which many EU countries don't have embassies, if you're so unfortunate as to become a prisoner there you can contact the embassy of one of the EU countries and get them to help you by getting in contact with your country on your behalf.
#TeamCeres
No idea if they've done those exact ones.) It's the weirdest things they'll report on so if they've been to Sweden that's hardly shocking.
[Here's a BBC story about it] (text, not video)
Please don't save her
At the same time, the exploited group  is made up of those that receive less than the average product they produce
Your food is an equally odd mix, and it's awesome
A Chinese girl in front of me did not know the dish and put small frikadeller in the tartelet shell and the stuffing on the plate
I feel it's important to note that we're not talking about special kindergartens, but something that 91% of kids between 1-2 years old attends (rising to 97% for 3-5 years olds) I suppose I could link a few articles about the daily life in kindergartens, but I might come off as cherry picking, so I'll let you search for such stories yourself
I'm trying to find such a point and it literally doesn't exist anywhere else
I also think cards (and I use Apple Pay exclusively now) is more secure
Not rude, but many people won't tell you if they ask
I think a lot is excused due to people being aware that people are more friendly in the US
It’s barely even a ruin, but a bit there is
Everything about the Danish rail system has been horrific for quite a while.
Probably because they factored in that only millionaires can afford them hahaha
I'd say through a combination of clothes, hair and some facial features, I can often make an educated guess
There are two doors between that room and the living room, so if you're even slightly discrete you should be able to have a lot of mutual joy without waking the whole house
Since both the Danish, Finnish and Norwegians all seem to hate you guys
Same
No he didn't brag about sexually assaying women.
That guy is an embarrassment
In the webcomic this is from, the Danish character is a fairly large guy
" or dead silence is what imagine the response would be :D
Ours stop at around 15/16, same with German and Italy
Neither Denmark to my knowledge
Supposedly Germany has it also (feel free to correct me on that), but all the focus was on us
Cat people most often respect dog people but it's not always dog people respect cat people
* Wood (mostly imported): 19,2 %
Excuse my ignorance on this issue, but why aren't the three Baltic countries "integrating" their military more.
But even when there aren't, the bike is still faster, because bikes rarely need to wait more than one red light, while the same is far from always true for cars, even outside rush hours.
I hope so
thats all i remember off the top of my head
I thought I was just bad at understanding Swedish, but I’m glad I’m not the only one lol
But I will occassionally overhear it and they may as well be Japanese for all that I can undertand of it
1) the UK always pushed for expanding the EU faster, this decision was made at EU level, but with the UK being the most influential strong supporter
cupcake cafés. I have never seen one in my entire life
Of course, as any person should do, be polite
I think we saw police with sirens like 15 minutes later
Very popular among youth in Denmark as well
Building wooden ships for a millenia sure costs a lot of trees
It's still a controversial subject here but lost of people support it, mostly on the right.
Oh and the mermaid is shit, don't ever go there.
Deco drew inspiration from many different styles, including mesoamerican and other traditional tribal styles
Gambling commercials on TV
It's a 4-year tertiary education degree, but it's not really university level.
Of course you can have a beer with dinner, but most people just have wine.
I can't see how news expects me to bear with their decreasing quality simply out of a wish for better quality in the future.
> But but but, my dank memes
Just to be that guy: This is bad for Southern Europe and not necessarily good for the Netherlands.
Didn’t his mother work in house of the Jewish employer at the time of conception and that is the reason of this rumor
he is partly swedish tho ;)
Victims of Socialism and fascism
I folkeskolen er det mere fordi underviserne ikke mener det er nødvendigt/interessant og selv føler det er noget de ikke kan finde ud af
Nikolaj Kan also me be spelled ***4*** different ways with C/K and I/J resulting in Nikolai, Nikolaj, Nicolaj, or Nicolai
Jutland - Farmers
I can buy a main dish from most chain Cafes/Restaurants like Zeros, Vivaldi or Cafe X.
I don't even think we use Mr/Mrs Lastname that much
I really don't understand why they would vote yes, someone please fucking explain it
I’ve had 6 deaths within 7 years, two of them quite tragic
I heard they were everywhere
We tend to take things way too lightly compared to other countries
Down to earth how
I'd really just like to move to an English speaking place that isn't too far away.
I'm not at all sure if you have it in other countries, but "hjemkunstskab" or cooking in English
No, it was regarding introduction of a certain set of restrictions
I'd argue that our rye bread is simply more sophisticated (and therefore better), than your simple (sorry excuse for) rye bread
I thought the Irish government were big on supporting Irish culture
I just chose the wrong shortcuts home from the bus - didn't change my route after it happened, either.
In Denmark we grow up on a very rude and sarcastic sort of humor that makes the rest of the world clutch their pearls if used on no Danish citizens
Huh, Danish here
Sooo warm
swedes goes to denmark for cheap alcohol, Danes goes to germany for cheap alcohol.
Betwen Viena and Munich is Neuschwanstein castle or as Americans call it.
The most common type of private healthcare to use are psychologists and psychiatrists
Well, the British (Comedy
We hang out our flag when someone in the household has their birthday
Low German - Less than Flemish, maybe 70 %. I can still get the overall meaning of the text
In Denmark your country’s name is literally Holland
There's no need to add specific regions
1956
It'd be stupid as hell, but it could well happen
What do you do with refugees?
I just bought French wine, cheers
1938
Went to a shooting range (I don't know what it's called.
Honestly, that woman I would have assumed was Danish - in fact, she looks a lot like [I do] especially when it comes to [facial features]
It's not something they just "want" to be true.
Allegedly the birthplace apparently
Certainly a more nuanced one
Things that I envy Canada for:
Hvor er du fra
My surprise stemmed from the fact that you only covered to topics a year (and as far as I know continued with the same next year)
Comma is only for decimals
It's one of those things where most people just don't see that it's even something that should be up for debate.
It's like when the controversial party wins the election, it sucks, but you get the popcorn any way
the law of jante basically just means, don't think you are better than anyone else because you are not
Yes, but I don't really know how to explain it.
What I've observed is that the far left definitely uses negative labels more often, such as racist and nazis, to try and simply invalidate people who don't share their opinion, while the right don't seem to do it as much
Return of Skåne/Scania and Schlewswig-Holstein when
There really ought to be a rule regarding these "jakubmarian" maps, because I have yet to see ANY one of these maps actually be accurate.
Ø - Island
No idea if you're serious, but no, the US is not the source of all the world's evil.
No, we're pretty fond of each other and have a good relationship
That's mostly correct, what's the situation in Israel?
Not in Denmark, that's for sure
but in private healthcare, they would basically just do it
If you guys continue that stuff you’ll be very important going forward
Often farmers who don't sterilise their cats and then dump them in town, creating problems
No more people that are shit at geography
That depends on how you define less harmful
Wonder how many Mor annos she'll live
You are not really answering the question when enough will be enough about how the member states can be asked to pay to EU
I think the popularity of it is mainly because of the extremely good commentator we have.
Most places make a toy witch to burn on the fire, to make a replication of the witch-burnings in the middle ages
Empathy with those that themselves show empathy
Russia is often put as an antagonist to Europe.
But I believe it’s a Swedish thing
Another one is more slang but still very versatile “spurgt” directly translated meaning “asked” its just a way of saying “who asked
I only ever use the Danish Wikipedia if the subject is Danish
All you had was a fur coat against the wind.
Sure, for sorting
Nope
Cant get presents if you don't behave ;)
It's awesome being bilingual (semi trilingual)
Perhaps the US is the best example of states vs.
Randers - trashy but in a more light-hearted way than Lolland
We actually speak very shitty German here in Denmark, despite it being basically mandatory if you want to pursue higher education.
They don't end up acting crazy on the streets because they get the help they need
I haven't read it yet but I wanted to clarify what the guy meant as I didn't find that difficult.
No, back to Jelling
[this] is from 2016, which makes it a bit more relevant don't you think?
Mens vi snakker så er jeg i gang med at kontakte mit hemmelige netværk af spioner rundt om i Danmark og din IP-adresse spores lige nu, så gør dig klar på stormen, maddike
Moving on to Russian cuisine
Time for Milton Friedman's helicopter money!
A third, and final one that sticks out, is explaining social cues
Sad to see her take a step back from national politics, but she is really having an impact where she is now
So you are excusing socialism, because the only thing wrong with it was Stalin
You don't buy salami or cheese by the the gram either
elected by Poles
Never thought about like that, but that’s still kind of messed up
Tro om igen, skiderik
* Has your view of the EU changed during the Corona virus crisis
We lost Slesvig and Holsten completely
Searched a little on google for the answer, an article from last year said that one in three migrants relocated to Czech Republic left.
People come up to me, they say Germany's ships are fantastic, just fantastic.
Jens ROHDE - (I don't understand why he voted yes, he will join De Radikale when he returns home
Ninja edit: Oh, and I've been ***told*** (and have not verified) that Putin did it to get back at the West for "what they did to Ukraine"
I'm staying inside for as long as I can today
BAM
How goes it
Granted, it was primarily because of a loophole in the law -we were the first country to legalize and industrilize porn, and nobody really thought to make an additional law against porn with children when sex with them was already illegal
France: The “they surrendered in 5 seconds lol”-jokes are getting old, and it’s incredibly disrespectful
There are great historical museums in Copenhagen too, but the exhibitions at Moesgaard are very well designed
I meant center left, sorry for the confusion.
She is from the Danish social liberals, so she is a part of ALDE.
50 - halvtreds or halvtredsindstyve
If we could just keep it to European immigration, i would support the EU a lot more.
Damn it, our spies are getting caught!
Same with Denmark, IIRC their country is flatter than Denmark in general, but their highest place is higher than ours
English is what the comment thread mentions, but many Danes knows some or a lot of German, French, Spanish
The NNP is then divided out to the members of the group in some way and this is what creates the two groups involved in the exchange of goods: exploiters and exploited(Meaning the labouring-class)
Hence, the EU *is* a multicultural group of nations working together.
also it becomes a bit harder to deal with immigration when morocco is not seperated by water to the people trying to get in.
Was almost chosen as the national anthem, but because a verse in the song, about have Denmark was ruling over most of England I think it was not chosen (might be wrong)
I know
FTFY
I won't imagine the entire UK countryside going bankrupt with London offsetting it, because this is a hypothetical that only serves your arguments and is completely bollocks.
I like this reply
At my workplace many people wear name tags with only their last name
With that being said I mostly eat in restaurants when I'm on vacation
In many countries a variation of it called quadrille (or something) is more known
Do right-wing extremists attack random women
Not nearly to the same extent as you see from the USA but it does exist
We don't hate Norway
A few local housing cooperatives got together, and decided to start their own ISP basically just to serve them.
We aren't gonna fight
A nation as small as Denmark or Estonia just isn't capable of fielding a 21st century military.
As a general rule, countries don't "take in" people at random.
While it doesn't affect me personally, that's always been my view as well.
Well actually I was referring the Polish people who were begging for Soviet troops to come and save their lives
.. sorry
Yeah, it seems odd to me aswell.
If there's some military exercise that's been going for 72 hours, that'd be three "døgn" no matter what time or date they started and finished
I've located pretty much the exact location this photo was taken, for anyone interested
or those from Vestegnen
"Just don't do what my father did
Holy - i still mix up right and left like a child
Again it doesn't make sense - the intended purpose is to say "Hello  everyone," but it is more like "Good today, people
Pølsevogn !
The person, male or female, has to be chosen based on merit
The Netherlands Society of General Practitioners,
Sounds like the west coast of Jutland
Some of them have shares on the stock market and pays dividends to private citizens.
Venstre used to be in opposition to Højre (right) - now called the Conservative Peoples Party
If anything, you're country is an excellent example of the kind of issues a European federation might meet on a continental scale
Yes, the London Protocol dictated that the duchies were inseparable, but "up ewig ungedeelt" was a German idea, and as such we had no intention to follow it or let it dictate our policy in the duchies.
Nature is healing
How would all the rivers be drained
All hail the glorious and totally democratically elected leader
What does it mean
Yes, but traditions tend to change slowly over time.
Icelandic: Very very little
It seems to me that the only one currently holding the EU together is Merkel (yea, I know a lot of other countries as well, but the only 'big leader').
Ahh, it takes a lot to beat Fogh.
If they're going off to university 50 km away for example, they'll likely want to move out instead of having to do that trip twice a day
Didnt realise the US was apart of Europe
Danish is really just Norwegian with messy pronunciation
Well the two subs hate each other, with /r/altright always calling the /r/the_donald cucks and race traitors it's pretty hilarious.
" doesn't mean you just get to do whatever the fuck you want as long as you make up a vote for it
> We do not need to call the politicians themselves socialist to acknowledge that the reforms were a victory for a socialist struggle
Yeah or Mexican, Thai, Vietnamese or *real* Chinese food
At the time I was working 12 hour shifts and often worked Saturdays as well.
>Europe
It is in out 'national culture' (in lack of a better word) that we are perfectly equal corruptionless countries.
I guess "human" is the word that comes to closest
This is bullocks you hear mainly from the British leave campaign to give their cause a grander feel to it :(
Well America is pretty much the only first would country that has health organizations recomend it
I'd argue that our rye bread is simply more sophisticated (and therefore better), than your simple (sorry excuse for) rye bread
There was a bomb scare by a drunk last year, right
It will obviously be harmful to both economies, but far less to EU than to USA, USA is about twice as big a trade partner as Switzerland or 3 times as big as Russia, the EU economy doesn't hinge on USA nearly as much as the other way around.
Either way, it doesn't affect me - after all, they are the ones peeking into other peoples houses, why should I care
Which is also why it sort of annoys me when the Swedes and Norwegians make fun of us for it
Hah no, not at all
On a bike I can just raise my hand flat towards them while looking at them, but this is different to holding one's hand high and next to one's head to signal you're stopping
The part in the “()” was left out over time, but I remember my grand father still using it
True, selv deres statsminister indrymmede at det var en lorte beslutning
That said, your question did make me wonder where the word *kun* comes from
Coudnt find a definite answer), so we come last in healthy youth culture and soberism
For most countries, the seat reservations on high-speed trains are somewhere between 10 and 30 €. However, all high-speed ICE trains in Germany do not require seat reservations (unless they are cross-border services to France) and all Railjet services in Austria and the surrounding countries also do not require reservations (unless they cross the border to Hungary)
It only makes them move on to the next thing they know nothing about
You are quite simply delusional.
Thinking that your lineage or your nationality makes you *just like us* is really just a very glaring reminder that you're *not*, because we don't think those things say anything much about us.
And you've got adult ones too, with a certain satire one in particular having achieved cult status
The peace settlement changed the shape of Europe.
It's even worse in the USA when you see senators with canes
I think there are a number of wealthy, well-functioning countries without one.
A virgin tribal woman found him and he followed, but her intentions were not good
i was mostly referring to the EU parliament :)
Aye, I actually never thought about this, but the Knight is our hero archetype
We just stress on different letters depending on what we wanna say
Expect lots of "Something is rotten in the state of Denmark". Good grief do American journalists love that one
Well the same people were begging for those tanks to save their lives 15 years before this strike
It's a lovely place to go on holidat but by now there's not much else left
If I remember my alcohol history correctly
At least as a Dane Incan confirm that I was expected to pay rent and take care of myself from 18
The US just 9/11'ed Iraq to kill an Iranian
I'd say a good 50% of the subs I subscribe to I can't relate to 90% of the posts
" when May comes back thinking she for some unknown reason has new leverage
Gasolina is terrible
Pretty ironic, considering they want to join a political entity where the president isn't on election
Can you explain for people that have not been to this area?
Are you talking about ethnicity or geography or whatever?
No, they're not going to "take over" and drastically change society.
My qualms aren't with the system or the structure (we also only had four history lessons during the week in our sixth form level in Denmark, though it was obligatory to take it for all 3 years we have sixth form, though sixth form sisn't obligatory in itself)
That's a pretty weird statement.
Copenhagen vs Aarhus or more accurately, the island of Sjælland (Zealand) vs the peninsula of Jylland (Jutland)
But the only thing we're certain of is that there was a powerful viking chieftain named Regnar who laid siege to Paris in 845, and got a huge payment from King Charles the Bald to fuck off
Since many cities in e.g. America are named after places in Europe, this means that a Danish journalist might pronounce Athens (Greece) differently from Athens (America)
We’re probably the biggest Kingdom considering Greenland and Faroe Islands
Bojo secret IRA plant 50 years in the making
Me & My
One I know as well as been used by politicians, remediated into songs, used at funerals and different parts of it might ring recognisition with most Danes, would be Inger Christensen "Det" (It), which goes (freely translated) like this:
000 (3248 dollars) in your pocket
It's the same way in other countries as well.
Denmark will surely veto that, we aren't interested.
Didn't Americans also start celebrating "Leif Ericcsons Day" instead of Colombus day for some weird reason
Viset the little mermaid in copenhagen, your gonna get disapointed
I know Madrid can get pretty cold
The guys who make camp in a Vik (bay) which is were plunderers would make camp en route to "PILLAGE, RAPE, BURN ETC.".
One can only hope
ÆØÅ
It’s just almost exclusively other non-Danes
Close enough
Sweden got the credit
And also a little poem I was taught by a chinese classmate
Everyone knows we have the best poodle, its true, i have had so many people tell me how good our poodle is, just amazing.
During that time the people that lived there cheated wealthy people out of buying the island
Compromise often is a result of multi-party systems, but it isn't, and shouldn't be, the rule
Haven’t been there since I was a kid
I was thinking of the traditional [one with a wire]
First time that LA is in a government.
Oh yeah my bad
and they really don't give a shit about any specific statue, which is why getting a statue pulled down never makes them stop anywhere
Pretty ironic, considering they want to join a political entity where the president isn't on election
Denmark vs copenhagen
Sounds pretty broad, so I'm not exactly sure what is in scope and what isn't, but Denmark is pretty big on both organic farming and renewable energy (wind farms in particular).
But Fyn has some 'off the beaten path' attractions and some of the "least crowded" beaches and museums
He told me I had a posh accent
A country should have *a* name imo.
it depends how they're treated at the "factory"
a relatively growing trend is the support of terrorist organization Hamas by people in Europe.
To most Danes, being Danish means you are part of the tribe.
Im pretty sure Denmark doesn't have the â
Yea, it's not really a problem here in denmark
You trying to equate the situation with Britain and India is patently dishonest
It's also a monument for Napoleons greatest victory at Austerlitz in 1805, where the Austrian and Russians combined armies were defeated by a smaller French army.
That's or the country we've at war with from
It's not often you see Greater Copenhagen depicted artistically - I consider my house out in the sticks, but it's in there
But 99% of EE on here also think Russia will invade you.
I’m legit laughed at when I say I’m Pro-EU
but maybe it's only some kind of waste they need
i dont know what you are arguing.
I'm sure that you'd be able to find such places in Sweden - maybe even Austria with your mountains
"beat a stick" for having a piss
For example, culture might shape the electorate's wishes --> elected politicians --> government policy, which in turn might shape the electorate again
Dane here
Italy: driving around Sardinia
A Danish viking, [Rorik] did rule over parts of Friesland in the 9th century
Business is good
He could be talking about how some media in Europe alter the headlines to seem more sympathetic towards the terrorists.
Please stay away for your own good Americans
Himmelbjerget is only 140m, the highest point is Møllehøj at 180m.
In Denmark the government asked the public transportation companies to get as many trains and buses rolling as possible, so people wouldn't be crowded together
Also saying something against Russia, even here in /r/europe might get you banned from /r/Russia.
I’m here now, amazing country
What exactly encompasses "all the good Napoleon did"? Because I have only ever heard him portrayed in a negative light
And the ones in this area, are so used to tourists, they don't give a damm
Establishing a business in Denmark literally takes less than two minutes with your national online-ID, and pretty much everything is self-service online
but what happens to the people who's work is simple not worth the minimum wage?
FYI: Lego _is_ legal tender in Denmark 😆
In what universe is Bergen more famous than Oslo?
I imagine I must have picked up a non-rhotic way of speaking from TV, despite speaking daily with rhotic-speakers
I grew up a place where the busses only came twice an hour, and we were quite far from the city center, so if I'd stayed there, I'd likely need one (my older brother stayed and got a car the minute he could afford to)
Lolland, the danish version of Alabama
The reason isn't because its the best economic positions for the masses.
Some Belgian exchange students :)
I think Greenland is more expensive.
In Danish they are "lazy animals"
Most people live in cities, far from what people would call "rural". People just assume we call live in rural areas for some reason
People are hella fat in Denmark
Yeah but the river Thames is not providing drinking quality water.
It was really funny, I feel like those countries would have cooking a part of education if anyone
“A town in Russia” is something you didn’t care or think about
My point is that it is possible to have reliable electricity distribution  without big central power plants
The canadians and the danes figured out the proper way to do war
Similar to how they cast votes in UN or IMF situations there is a push for the Nordics to be considered one entity.
I didn't know that
Loads of Danes has a Jewish background
I am 16 and can confirm
We just won't admit they have beaten us once or twice in different things
The Opium Wars are part of this narrative that the CCP is building that the West wants to subjugate and control them (again) and that they must rejuvenate in order to survive this
I'd say our English speakers can be put categorised into four groups:
I wasn't trying to start this shitshow mate ;)
I do know that people on r/denmark make fun of RUC almost as much as they do of people who study the humanities though, but they may not be the best source
And like I mentioned, there are plenty of cars still without modern emergency breaking features
Now comes the last call for the year 2019, this, our final year of this decade
Our anti-vaxxers have a special fixation on the [HPV vaccine]
but I don't mean the same price at face value (10eur vs 10gbp).
Sometimes the staff will use it to signal "Last round
but these days i avoid it
Most people I know, don't even know the different generations
You don't have to be a wizard to know whether or not a FTA with ASEAN will hurt your domestic industry.
Putin is aiming for more land again perhaps?
So he's advocating for more immigration, by arguing against it?
She sure can take a dick in her ass
Barcelona centrum is probably the most boring place ive ever been..thank fuck for all the touristtraps theyve lined up around the place.
There is a gamble involved here.
Now the mayor of Copenhagen has also stepped down because several accusations have been made about how gross he’s been towards female colleagues for over 20 years
And the the rock on top of the missing rock falls down, leaving a sheer cliff
Lem: other word for penis
The freemasons certainly exist in Denmark.
And in a lot of cases, if you do find them offensive, you'll be told you can't take a joke, or that it wasn't that serious/they didn't mean it that way and why are you spoiling all the 'fun'?
Amazing how badly managed the UK is
Damn that is skewed
Then I read some reviews, did some digging, and came to the conclusion that Dan Brown is a shit author and people have bad taste
I my history classes we were taught about this
Fun, isn't it
Other examples include: flag (flay) flagstang (flaostang)
Do you really think a person, who's only been in a shooting range, will in the middle of a massacre think 'oh shit, I better not shoot at the guy shooting at me, because someone is behind him'?
Are you capable of doing *anything* while sober?
Bruh
They just want power over others, which is why they never stop, even after achieving what they were originally campaigning for
With vinegar, mind
Balle: Buttock
* Kiss someone of your own sex - turn the cross around
Actually, the top 10 of studies, thst are the hardest to get in to, include Aarhus and Odense;
If Sweden is ever invaded, I promise I will make plans to liberate you guys, and tell you about them after the war is over
The worst thing that has happened to me on a vacation happened right here in Denmark, and it's not really much of a horror story, just bad luck
Oddest comment so far
Lyder godt, så slipper vi for jer.
But you are supposed shake the cans
Yes, I have spend a few months there, but visit it quiet a few times afterwards because of work and they are very nordic
Even the famous Codex Regius, which contains the Elder Edda, was *sent here freely* by an Icelandic bishop because he knew it would interest the King
Its just federalists redditors masturbating to the idea of being able to vote for Guy Verhofstadt.
Wasnt Dolan also finnish
However environment regulations could make sense in a combined EU
She's human at the end of the day and I can't begin to understand how she must have felt at the end of day
* English: 98 % (there might be a few technical terms where I know the Danish word but not the English one)
Are you willing to buy danish meat on the cheap?
That's membership in the single market.
We have it in Denmark too, it's just not a very good saying
Minimum is 5 weeks (25 days) of paid vacation, but 6 weeks is not unusual.
It’s the same here
I think our US-correspondent said that in international diplomatic circles, cancelling within 2 weeks is usually only done due to death or national tragedies and the like
amount of people who really think it's geopolitical interest of the EU to have Afghanistan 2.0 in Backyard is astonishing.
Why don't you have RS flair if I may ask
Not available outside of Denmark but "Historien om Danmark" made by Denmark's Radio (DR) is a beautifully made show on Danish history divided into 10 episodes starting with stone age and ending with cold war/welfare society
While on the subject of Chinese and foreign exchange students, we really should teach them a bit about Danish foods just to help them out
There aren't any statistics for the average recent grad, only for average people with a degree.
I thought too when I was a kid
I was definitely not expecting that the first time I went down there
There are old houses from 1600-1800s still used as apartments, the building i live in is from 1801
Not to mention the politics: The US is far too liberal for me
Rejsekort (travel card) or by mobile, i usually use the mobile
I would love to see some numbers on that.
Keep telling yourself that the 35 are the only ones, and not an indication that a lot of these so called refugees aren't actually refugees.
*certainly* not
I'm a researcher in Computer Science
Marokko - Morocco
Rarely, though my point was that it was a valid as everything else
Like Sigurd Orm-i-Øje, Regnar Lodbrog, Harald Hildetand etc
Why are people who don't love her automatically "scared" of her
" is exactly what I thought when I saw this post haha
Maybe it is because the two words sound similar
Some prioritize baskets (mostly on women's bikes), some have a [Christiania bike] in addition to their normal bike for picking up kids or heavy groceries, while others have a [kid's seat] on the back for that
Basically the difference is whether a question is positive or negative:
The ones where the grass was always green and soft, and no plants dried up and died because of the heat
Yees we have this too
Completely commonplace
Imagine the outroar if someone went to Ground Zero and played with aeroplanes and jengatowers
shit jeg kunne godt spise en salatpizza med kebab lige nu
It is a tool to use if the leaders (dictators) of a nation declares a trade embarco against France
I would not tell my wife that I secretly cheer for Norway over Netherlands in handball
People don’t like Bulgaria for some reason
My comment will reflect this
The problem of the euro zone is that rich people is too rich and poor people is too poor.
Here you have to physically take them from under the counter and place them on the conveyor belt beforehand, and obviously pay for them if you want them
Wasnt Dolan also finnish
Æ still sounds like Æ in the beginning of words.
I heard about this a few years ago
&#x200B;
Thats pretty much all I took away from this, and clearly gypsies got bangs game
Aalborg: student city, Jomfru Ane Gade(party street), carnival, the Paris of the north
Probably many reasons
Is it mainly immigration concerns or dislike of the EU.
- 8 months of the year is just one big rainy blob weather-wise
It varies a lot for me personally because I have some problems with tooth that I really slow and have to get x-rays done 3-5 times a year
000 DKK (8120-8932 dollars) a month”.
...and they sure as hell don't give a fuck about the calling hours
A law was just made where police had the authority to take valuables like designer clothes from “young brown men who misbehave”, as our PM so lovingly called it
nono, we dont think that, we know sjæland is bigger
I think there are still stores with only women’s clothing
NO YOU’RE BREATHTAKING
In my experience only old people in the countryside speak actual dialect
And we go to a tax haven
Danes tend to not outright be against the EU, but they view it with a lot of suspicion.
We don't live in the middle ages, and the middle east is both a different culture and different religion
Christian I (1448-1481) was also foreign-born
No I wouldn't, you should reside somewhere to be allowed to vote in its elections
You're right, there's no problem at all.
As you get a bit older, you would most likely read some plays by Ludvig Holberg (1684-1754), who is known as the founder of modern Danish literature
In Denmark it's, for sure, german
They are a private publication with a political leaning.
We'll see how Indyref 2 goes in a year or three
It's a mandatory subject they teach you in school so amongst 5th to 9th graders here then yes
Scandinavian languages are quite close to English actually
I think there was a study done that showed that regardless of how long your holiday was, the effects wear off after a few days
Corporate shills that votes yes:
Yup
Why are you leaning danish by the way, unless you live here it's quite the adventurous choice.
Experts say no, the law that makes it illegal is invalid because it is contrary to principles of other laws of higher priority.
That microwaves and phones give you cancer unless you put a small sticker on your phone, that you bought from an obscure health website
I'm dehydrating after half an hour because of the heat
Section 01 applies to Denmark proper, Greenland and the Faroe Islands
Worst thread I have seen yet had Swedish, Norwegian, Danish and English users that kept switching languages.
That was embarrasing, lol
There's a saying that Swedes drive across the bridge for alcohol, and we drive across the bridge for skiing and snus
He says kaniggit though
You're welcome
These people will just have to endure the discomfort of a daily passport check.
Jeg har familie der bor der
Will the necessary change come quicker and easier in Denmark than elsewhere
I caught 3 danish guys in Japan saying racist shit about the Japanese back when I lived there
Sort of acceptable but could be better
No we did not like to be forknippat with them ;-)
I hope all your developmental aid keeps Ivan from curb stomping your eastern neighbors.
The first country to legalize porno
Would have solved a lot of issues
Fuuuuck yeeees
Nah this is bullshit fuck the police
You have so many parties, are none of the libertarian?
And the only way to be a "real" part of the tribe is to be born into it.
He did sing it in Latvian at Eirodziesma 2009
Chinese police has a notorious record of hunting dissidents.
As soon as we get a muslim majority it will all turn to shit incredibly fast
The department for food, fishing and agriculture first pulled their warning against eating raw eggs in 2013 (and I am pretty sure they pulled back a couple of laws about companies serving food with raw egg just last year) so year pretty recent development
Hardly an endorsement of either one, when you're placing top diametrically opposed men beside each other
At my workplace many people wear name tags with only their last name
You can thank our idiots later
Cute: køn
Chocolate, Vlaanderen, Wallonia, Club Brugge, Moleenbeek, Bruxelles, King Leopard and his actions in Africa
Danish is of course the main language
The period following WWII meant cheaper materials and in the in 60'ies and 70'ies a lot of quick but less durable methods and materials was used.
We lost the first half but came back strong in the second
Swedes tend to assume that we understand them more than they do us, which simply is not true
IT'S NOT NORMAL
When we die in Denmark, we "stiller træskoene" which means: we place our clogs
So if it _isn't_ socialism, and it isn't democratic socialism
These groups thrive in corrupt political systems under threat from foreign aggression.
This is exactly what we would expect with a gradual settlement, where more and more people were assimilated into Saxon culture as they spread west
Actually that’s Caesar’s salute
* Karens Klit (Karens Clit)
Two weeks is a long time in Singapore.
Maybe fish and chips once in awhile
Spend 67
Not of a socialist struggle, but of a _class_ struggle
We chat in the driveway if we meet
> But the the law doesn't stipulate anything regarding a certain technology
It's certainly considered one of the reasons why
Otherwise many Danish memes are about Sweden and use different maps of Sweden or the Swedish flag as a template
That’s probably true, but it’s not even close to a country like Norway where there are like ten different words for I.
Restrict the centralization of political control.
you see they are misusing funds as to criticize what a bad system EU is.
In the less egalitarian societies women are more likely to choose a high paying/high status job out of need.
in the more northern parts
I will fight you over this 1800’s French dance, and defend it to the last
He calls himself a "democratic socialist" and even the most anti-socialist here is more socialist than him...
I thought he moved to New Zealand
We always compare ourselves to Sweden and Norway as we consider them brother people and we can understand their language, so the vast majority of Danes would agree that we are far more similar to them than Germans.
They do want a referemdum though
If the British media saw your reply Brexit would get a lot more serious and hateful.
The following day, 9 November, a council, headed by Archbishop Trolle, sentenced the proscribed to death for being [heretics]
That is not too bad, but it's funny
Put out the numbers, make the case, or shut the fuck up
Our summer vacation is only six weeks long so it isn’t really needed
seriously, noone walks there and there are big bike pictures - how hard can it be to understand
Boris Johnson is an Irish sleeper agent
Same, everyone in my town has one
Plus veto power in those rare cases ;)
Personally, unless you're from Scania, I'll have a hard time understanding Swedish
But also kinda justified with some of them
Most Danes can't get themselves to call people "sir" or "miss", as everyone you'll meet is usually referred to on a first name basis
Such an attitude and behavior towards people that simply disagree with you is not constructive in the slightest, but simply creates a divide, as people aren't going to be interested in any kind of debate
Officially, the flag is known as Dannebrog and traces its history back to at least 1219
Us in denmark are very fond of our southern neighbours, and I think they like us too
I liked it :(
Most commonly, they'd get a response along the lines of "oh, don't worry, I understand English"
Altså nu er min far skolelærer (dog i specialklasse, men alment uddannet som dansk og historie lærer - de samme to fag jeg selv læste på uni sjovt nok) og han var i hvert fald 100% dygtigere til dansk end jeg var i 3
To anyone who would care to listen
Geothermal energy is completely clean
I Danmark er jeg født [
Well, Cyprus is entirely in Asia.
Basically north sea empire and sruff 1000 years ago
I also don't generally introduce myself or ask them their name but that's just regular ol' social awkwardness
I always tell foreigners here that they should regard the bike paths as roads or highways
Most eastern European countries are part of NATO and I don’t think that NATO is de facto the USA
Fold the rear seats and/or use a trailer for 90% of such needs and rent a van for the rest
What about the people that have a legitimate phobia of plants though
I heard some guys (Danish) on the bus once, chatting to a couple of girls about how the people of Skåne (Scania, southern most province in Sweden), secretely want to be Danish again, and that every year on some date, the people of Skåne collect buckets of land in a symbolic attempt to return said land to the Danes
We were travelling the country for a couple of weeks, started of in Napoli and wanted to cross the country (we had seen other parts of the western part before) and thought why have we never heard of Taranto
Yeah, that was my inspiration
We've got an unsettled territorial dispute with Canada over a [small barren rock] in the ocean somewhere.
And at least she is understandable :P
I've noticed a lot of american companies (not excluding european, though) doing unacceptable things to make the chinese market happy
And how hard is that
The only way you can afford 10 - 12 beers is if you come here to the motherland you spoiled runaway, go play on the oil fields you stole ;-\*
While reintroducing conscription.
I figure it would be some challenge to get the basic income due to the risk of exploitation.
The problem isn't YouTube filters, it's that this is essentially pissing on freedom of expression
A lot of people have seperate indoor shoes.
Idk
No, because English is pretty close to Danish
Perhaps the stories are presented diffeently in Turkey than they are in Europe.
I will just add that the maximum for living at home is €361
"Experts" say and "sources" say are often just something papers use to back some claim up that can easily be false
Well, the point is that we need to be able to discuss things, and calling out racism and xenophobia is important for that discussion
Britian: eating at the street food markets by the river
Also; it's not very tall
rather, it is a question of scale.
Denmark gains very little from the financial support we provide the Faroes or even Greenland - it is a net economic drain - and yet, time and again, we effectively get spat on and pushed away
problem is investigation and proof
I don't know, why should the US have twice our tax rate?
623€)
Let me preface by saying clearly that I have a nuanced opinion on this, but integration would’ve have been relatively more easy if
Espresso based coffee, but unlike the Italians we add milk most of the time not just in the morning.
An Fhrainc's Diary
After reading the press announcement of the approval, I don't think it sounds that bad tbh
The only part of Denmark that was in WW1 is Sønderjylland
thanks
All of South America  correct, but only able to place 50% of the US states correctly
WW1 showed that demanding gigantic reparations and bankrupting the losing side was a very bad idea
But reading is takes time
The end of the first world war caused the reunification of the southern part of Jutland with the rest of Denmark, as a result of the [Schleswig plebiscites] This is celebrated especially in the southern part of Denmark, and is a big part of the identity of Sønderjylland (Danish name) or Nordschleswig (German name).
First some fish, pickled herring is nomnomnom, then some hot meatballs, a special kind of meatpate and yule-sausage.
He has greater reach with people who might not know Hillary Clinton is bad.
I'm sure you can draw even more comparisons
An (police) rapport for the previous night and day would be a *døgnrapport*. Could you say a midnight rapport to imply it's from midnight to midnight
When traveling abroad, our language gets mistaken for Germans but especially Dutch
Just heavy advertisement then
The name is so generic, that's why I forgot
East Berlin
`Peder` is pretty old
I'd consider a house from 1900 semi-old, yeah, but not notably so
It was used to describe Danish girls who dated or married Nazi soldiers
If one day I can't find the time over a longer period ind my life, I should relly consider changing my lifestyle
Trump was never even 7 points behind Hillary, and he still lost the popular vote.
I'll change it
What’s that
Same with colleagues you see every day really, they'd just get a "Good morning
The squiggle illustrate that because they are speaking Swedish they don't understand the things discussed very well, so they have to circle the problem a lot before approaching it.
When these threats turn into actions, what will happen then?
Danish has the “fandens” too
For 10 kr
Haha
It’s still being debated/discussed in public and media 30 years later
(Just as a note, we also did take over all of england, not just the Danelaw.
Bad tech companies as in how they exploit Europeans personal information and don't pay tax of their profits
Will still cost like four dollars for one single hot dog
That's also why a united EU is never going to happen
Basically, in many homes with children, you’re only allowed to eat candy on Fridays, and then you often make it a binge with a BIG bowl in front of the TV
They have Social democratic fiscal policies and anti-immigration, anti-EU and a schizophrenic foreign policy.
During one of my last classes in December the sun shine briefly outside
I never realized how accustomed I am to the darkness until now
It's the USA that stands out in that regard, not the rest of the world "not getting it".
That was definitely the worst experience, but it’s not exactly an exception
You have to word, and then you swap consonant cluster/ vowel cluster from the same place in the word (usually the first consonant cluster)
But I think religion is irrelevant to many if not most Danes, and has been for some generations.
About damn time
Copenhagen is by far the most touristy area in Denmark, besides that, maybe the beaches (we got a lot of those)
The UK is facing housing shortages, and greater demands on it's already ailing infrastructure (roads, sewerage, power and healthcare) - which a rapidly increasing population exacerbates.
I'm glad people are taking this serious
This is not new, it's so old that it used to be a horse carriage instead of a truck
Your system is stupid and if you think it's smart, then you're stupid
Depends what you mean by 'commies'?
Sadly it's most likely too far and not enough people would use it.
Well
I feel like most people would happily make scania danish again
Lolland is a job desert, and because of the rail and highway going through Sjælland between two bigger cities, Odense on Fyn and Copenhagen, it's easier for many to just work in those cities, and then there is the north-western part of Sjælland where Novo Nordisk is, one of the bigger workplaces in the region - but they can't really make up for the rest
I don't want to pay for anything the vikings did.
Loads of monarchies in Europe still.
To be fair
\#8 is wrong...the British drink more coffee than tea
You only lost a battle, the treasonous colonials can still be brought back under the crown
That Blue lake looks intense
But the poor might be too stupid and put their own needs above the needs of the state, so we need to do something to limit them
The worst part is that the entire discourse has fallen to that level, trump said something stupid, so let's find the dumbest comment on that stupid statement possible to get the most outrageous headline
Technically Greenland can't be on the list, since it is an autonomous region, not an independent country
Blow up like air in a balloon, not like a bridge with explosives
Whenever I see stuff like this I can't help but wonder if these kids even knows their mom
It goes:
It would need to be highly automated, like autonomous vehicles and analysis done by AI, but it' within the realm of possibility
can't remember the last time I had eye contact with someone in a bus
being radicalized over the internet.
Dont be greedy
I think the average age of when you start uni is getting lower, though
Because my closest friends were Danish, half Danish/half Italian and half German/half American, we ended up switching back and forth between Danish and English to a degree that it's completely normal for me to switch back and forth in the middle of a sentence
We just worship Americans less than Americans do.
Yeah, it can get *really* complicated in some cultures.
It's said to be the city of Odin, the Norse god
I have a bed time
I don't really have any bad stories about traveling in Europe, it's all been pretty great so far
>they are a great tool to warn the public if there is a catastrophic event
But there's a lot of clever details and a good sense of humour, so that idea seems quite impossible
Not at all - Tøser literally just means girls
He is saying European Superpower, not world superpower...
Macron is a liberal in the continental sense of being free-market and lassaiz faire.
I think a lot of us only just realized how deeply racist America as a whole apparently is.
"Tax" and "treasure" are both *skat*. It's also used as a term of endearment
Aside from that, boring detached house areas with no charm whatsoever
Sounds like someone speaking Dutch played backwards
But not as good anymore since they changed the recipe
Several animals:
That's just a Jutland thing, I think
No, France was a Swedish ally, but still decided the peace treaties at the time, and Denmark was every time not allowed to keep Scania or at least the places under Danish control
Viking culture originated in south jutland
I know it's disputed but I will quote a bit one the Wikipedia article on Allegations of CIA assistance to Osama bin Laden
Why should someone be protected just because they are running an election?
Canada likes to talk the talk, but they're just as bad as the US when it comes to CO2 emissions per capita
You can always stay, homie of the North
Then, when the french revolution was nigh, the family married into a danish military officer's family, my family, because they confused them for a Norwegian noble family of the same name
Edit: The four Danish opt-outs
>Our highest point is actually lower than Netherlands' highest point
* Straw: 2,7 %
We don't have dialects that are outright incomprehensible to outsiders (except maybe Southern Jute
She wants to order 1000 liters of milk for some reason.
At least in Portugal, the process of changing your official home address on your citizen card is quite bothersome and there are usually no legal penalties if you don't do it (as far as I remember), so most people don't even bother
Also spreads awareness of the issue and gets people to think about how they reduce their carbon
On top of the landscape being very unique, the wildlife is super interesting too
Weird language as well
They also have the fourth or fifth highest lifetime earnings.
That's why I've heard that a North/West European passport plus a passport from Singapore should be one of the most powerful combinations
Not really a specific accent, but he would cut the end off words
It'll be like watching a British panel show
George = Georg
I don't think that's a thing in Danish
If I had to choose the most catchy one it would be [Køb Bananer (Buy Bananas)]
And they named this age of pillaging and attacking and raiding for the viking age
Im glad to see my contry doing good :)
As a percentage of the population, Bulgaria actually has more Roma people ([10% in Bulgaria vs 3% in Romania]
and if you're in the northern part and wanna go to copenhagen, you'd fly
Weapons
In Danish it’s appelsin, same meaning
It doesn't sound so positive though
" A e u o æ ø i æ å, e a." which means  "I am out on the island in the river, am I".
I have no idea
Personally I am a Danish, Nordic and European nationalist.
When are these houses from
It never was
And usually it ended up with both parties loosing the money and going to jail
There are a few connections to Iceland as well.
if we are talking same household income and same parental behaviour then being black would grant one certain advantages, while being white will not.
You should ask the locals
Forget about our version of liberal when im on reddit (American influende i suppose)
> perhaps 'dumb' (poor) people might just have different interests, values, and opinions
Means I'm born in 88 but I know what you are referring to, usual stretchy bullshit.
I can't call someone who falls down stairs on purpose the leader of the free world.
I'd say maybe Aalborg or Aarhus
Sooooo Polish people don't bath duing Xmas?
Yes it does, my bad
Copenhagen: I takes 25 minutes
TIL that Denmark spends almost nothing on the Military....
I could then choose to not travel for the sake of the environment, but really how many people can be expected to make that sacrifice
It would probably just be wiping us all out.
Good spread with great locations in the mix.
[Look's like the same as our Risengrød.]
And the country is one giant field and it smells like pig shit
Mind you're they're still leaps and bounds more powerful than say Denmark where I'm from
9 out of 10 times you are wasting your time
Although that's just me joking nobody supports Carlism nowadays.
And yes, it probably would be smarter to invest, but that is risky, and with the corona virus still around, the future of the economic situation has become harder to predict
I understand that a large portion of the decrease in smokers is due to taxation and public sentiment, but how much would you wager that the use of snus, especially among young people, has affected smoking rates
It has caused controversy since because death penalty was not a possible verdict untill a law was changed after the war
Yeah one of the worst things about living here.
don’t worry, the Danes aren’t wild anymore, we won’t even speak to each other when getting out of our window seat on the bus
I did have a brief focus on the dialects of Denmark during folkeskole in Danish class
which is the tank and which is arnold
Norwegians definitely offered help when asked, but I've also had a ton of experiences with Norwegians just randomly approaching me first
English is absolutely taken for granted, here, at all levels
It translates to live together like the polish and it means to live together while not being married
Or mutated into some kind of massive spawn
I can buy a bag of potatoes from the neighboring farm and for 100 kr
Yeah, especially since Europositivism is up recently
Did you see that time Denmark created Denmark in Minecraft in a 1:1 scale
I feel like thats a better approach
Shortening Adolf to Adi, has that always been a thing or was that specifically done to avoid being called Adolf after the war?
Yes
Found it
and if any two of the following statements are true
That's disappointing but I'd properly go for the nature anyway.
To call english a common second language is almost understating it
The US, however, is just too distant to be a tangible presence in my life
In fact, I think that many in the Kremlin secretly regrets the intervention in eastern Ukraine.
The fact that right-wingers start yapping on about “erasing western culture” is a problem in its own right, and leads down to authoritarian roads just as bad as Islamic doctrine does
Afrikaans - Surprisingly easy, maybe even easier than [F] 85 %
There was one close to me until a few years ago
Many Danish women were ratted out as having had affairs with German officers and they were alle spat on and had their hair shaven off
I thought they were just fishermen that somehow ended up there and someone handed them a gun
Yeah kinda just picked out a country with a relative high immigrant crime-rate people would object to ban.
When I was there it was all nice and relaxed and the locals were super nice to a kid like me, the hotel was nice etc
That's during a week off from school in February, and they apparently all decide to go to Prague and binge drink together.
What I find even funnier is people from Jylland thinking the entirety of Sjælland is Copenhagen
He is simply of no value as a mediator for his country.
January, February, March, April, May, June, Juli, August, September, October, November, November, November, November and December
> My country is a separate case its not based on differences but deeper political reasons and prior propaganda it has nothing to do with the subject
Of all the people I know, there are two who I know for sure are religious.
"Desværre, jeg har *jo* en eksamen"
Nordic, yes
Would be awesome to get to know estonians
All busses are flying flags
We also do trips to other countries at school
I know that the museum Rungstedlund is dedicated to the preservation of Karen Blixen's home and some of her art
They were also allied with Denmark against the Swedes in another war.
Eastern bloc developed differently and so did the people and their thoughts, a fun thing to see sometimes
My grandfather spent his life mapping out his ancestry, and my mom has followed suit
Yes and no - I'm 27 years old and most of my social group is late 20s to early 30s, and we still do the BYOB unless it's like a dinner party (and then we'll do what non-Scandinavians apparently do at regular parties, where everybody/most will bring at least something like a bottle of wine as a host-gift, which will then be used to drink at the dinner)
Denmark: Doesn't look too bad
They are usually just sports activities and such
Visit
They should have to vaccinate their kids too
H - Brint
Those sound great to me
[Here] is the chief of the zoo very calmly and patiently explaining to an ass of a news presenter why killing a giraffe and having kids watch the autopsy/butchering of it was not a bad thing
The Danish flag flies above Stockholm, as it should be
2) Within the EU agreement it was possible to limit the number of immigrants from new countries for a number of years
But there are other (sub)principles for dividing ocean resources than strictly following the median line
I mean that in itself is interesting to me
Might be one of the coolest looking cities i've ever seen.
Miami, but if were restricting to Europe, then i would say Palma de Mallorca
The law of jante made me somewhat self hating in the past and I also currently gets criticized for always thinking I’m not good enough and not allowed to praise myself in the head
Wasn't the point normalizing homosexuality so it becomes a non-issue?
And you know like fucking Linux
And I am not trying to gloss over the hardship of Russians.
Hardly an endorsement of either one, when you're placing top diametrically opposed men beside each other
Dude
5 min walk, 20 min metro, 5 min walk
No one speaks German here, so you're in luck :)
I used to have a “station bike” for my commute (basically a bike that lives on the train station, so i could bike from the station to uni)
Longest living or the first known domestic cat
Come back for a visit, once corona is over
Well
Nordsjælland here
Before I clicked the link, I did not expect to see chocolate cake
Flag
And it became a hell lot worse after indications that Russia would support alt-right if they aired intent to remove sanctions.
There's no need to lie to please me or anything.
I was only using you as an example but you are free to come here if you want mate :).
I feel devestated that I never had a chance to see that beautiful building
You're both right
nah, not really
After all you've elected a president, not a king.
They're a complete superfluity
That's a lot bigger than the one in Nyk
Hej, I called John, it is a pleasure to meet you
[This picture] of Queen Margrethe II
And don't get me started on the swiss/Danish flag comparisons and mistakes
This narrative, however noble it might seem, is bullshit
It’s really embarrassing, but it’s honestly quite common to meet people like that here
How are you going to stay neutral if you can be invaded just like that
Affording the same amount of respect to the person who cleans the toilets as to the person who owns the company
In fact, even the cities around Copenhagen are equally expensive to the city
* "Så er den ged barberet" ( now that goat is shaved) - Means that you finished/complete a task
Anything in the mid-30's I'd probably stop functioning completely
That's a lot closer to the letter Å than Ø, at least in terms of the Danish pronounciation
Danish Movies are a big part of pop culture here
Loads of people from here seem to think that strong accents are somehow a "fyn og jylland"-thing
We usually don't really hear about it in school, and it's just....
I misunderstood your comment
That's true, but then again, most European cities are older than cars, which is reflected in their layout.
This is simiar to what scouts is in Denmark
Funen: A highway
But the Ottomans *were* the Turks
'Humanitarian crisis' in English hospitals, warns Red Cross
Is that the famous Swedish Danish bashing we often hear about
Damn, I miss being in big crowds, and not be scared to catch a deadly disease
50 000 people
Would love to play but there’s just no clubs around my home, which sucks
called Krokette in Danish
I’m here now, amazing country
That seems unlikely
In danish its also snabel-a
Aarhus, right
>Hello Man
Well
my whole family if from there, they used to live on the edge of the islands at a place called HELL no joke
USA / Amerikas Forenede Stater - United State of America
They like to view themselves as more down to Earth, but as a capital snob, I’m not so sure
Note that using the period for the decimal separator is more likely to just be a bug in the software that prints the price sticker - at least I was not able to find an officially sanctioned rule about this distinction.
I take a shower, once every morning, every day
These cases should of course be determined by a doctor, not a Facebook group for concerned mothers
Tro om igen, skiderik
Well, it *was* a factor when my wife and I discussed where to go next summer, so there's that.
Historically it absolutely is though
Only downside with that place is the animal welfare activists
Handle you you okay under coronacrisis(the)
FWIW, I think the "UK is not European" sentiment is mostly something that comes from the UK itself (or perhaps from England specifically).
Even as a dane i really enjoy lamb, sorry.
Maybe its about getting one bill with a higher amount for the customer and one with a lower for accounting
"Why do you assume I'm Chinese?" and similar things are mentioned as racist which I just don't get.
Being an introvert this is the perfect place to suit my hermit life
1 i sagsforløbet]
Low German is an entirely different language than all dialects of High German, which didn't influence Standard German and which is more closely related to English and Frisian
Would you consider yourself Danish before a liberal/democrat/egalitarian or anything else of that sort?
Me too
As a Dane I disagree as one the most popular radio stations recently got shut down because one party was unhappy with some politically criticism stemming from the station
Looks like Cyprus is no longer split - nice
It seems you are doing better without us anyway
Bragging is VERY frowned upon here
In Denmark I have never been offered a doggybag, except at one Thai restaurant
Oh, there's no question she was inspired by Islam, but the process seems to have mirrored those (non-religious) teenage girls who've up and left to become a wife of ISIS.
A harvest flower, is an old term for flowers that bloom in autumn
Now that is true, except *that* Saxony is the Electorate of Saxony, which is not what OP was talking about
Most people say "Hallo" (hello) or "det er/ du taler med Caroline Amalie" (this is/you're speaking with Caroline Amalie)
Maybe not THE dumbest, but choosing wich country should get wich part og the northern sea didn't go in our favour
Those cultures are so different than ours in a lot of ways so it's fun watching documentaries and stuff about them.
We forgive you
Horincă and palinca - the same as the above, just distilled to a higher alcohol level
That only works for dealing with the natural fluctuations that come with recessions
Easy now
Remember, The UK chose not to invoke art.
Or a choir
Still it is incredibly rarely enforced.
Yes because the US leads NATO is leading the fight against ISIS
I live in Denmark and while yes, volapyk is used, I've definetely heard "Kaudervælsk" at least twice as much
A possible rule change might be that two Great Powers may not be allied, or that their combined ranks may not exceed something.
The problem is that muslims have a lot of kids compared to non-muslims
[Very precise and correct info, I hope OP reads this.](/r/TodayIBullshitted)
One about the factions and splits and what they all did and so on
Danish isn't that hard to learn, people say like some kind of mythical old timie language
They are more rowdy than in other countries
The UN has shown that they are genuinely powerless against genocides as seen in Yugoslavia, Rwanda, Myanmar, Turkey and even China
In most of Europe that whole blatantly obvious dudebro act isn't really a thing people generally aspire to or find cool.
But seriously Copenhagen is really great but very expensive for partying.
However, the potential problem with dikes, dams etc
Can we call you Typhoid Mary's sister
You know its pretty easy to halt physical developement and give them hormonal treatment at a later point right?
I guess you have never heard of Thyborøn?
If i could live in the US i would choose to live in California in a city like Santa Barbara
Just one wrong step and you miss the peak.
It was in the 70's Greenland started to push for an apology.
It's not with tobacco, since u know, illegal in the EU, but it's the "tobacco free" versions which taste and feel the same, and the brands are all Swedish
Danes are a protected minority in Germany and Germans are as well in Denmark.
Berlin is considered the cultural capital of Europe, London the economic and Paris the fashion one
A lot of tanks vs
Don't forget the first to discover electromagnetism in 1819, **H.C. Ørsted**. After DONG Energy changed their company name to Ørsted, I think everyone knows the name
Eh, Copenhagen and Aarhus are within 14 spaces of each other
Using our flag everywhere, especially on birthdays
College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia
Oh god can make a crowdfund for the bill please
Oh well :(
Det ville være flovt at skrive sin adresse
But it's definitely an interesting question
If a country doesn't *want* to be a member of the EU, why should it?
Why is nobody talking about that
I havent studied EMU policy for a number of years but unless things have changed dramatically it would be very very hard for Denmark to unpeg the currency from the Euro.
You'll see more castles in a day than you'll see in years
but sitting here in Denmark, sweden is terrible in almost every aspect
Langtbortistan - translates to Far away istan
As a man I wish men would attempt suicide more instead of completing it.
But it's no more than how people go: "oh so you are a douchebag" when they hear someone went to CBS
Lago di Garda is absolutely lovely, *especially* outside the summer-season
Well - couldn't find it in a picture.
Some British photographer snuck himself into taking a pic if I recall corrrectly
Bluetooth is named after harald Bluetooth and the logo is his initials in the runic alphabet
But if your job prospects are anywhere near regular and you don't have a solid network or pure dumb luck, you have to give up A LOT to live here
I'm no fan of Saudi Arabia, but they have their money, they'll get their ships, from us or from elsewhere.
The land of the Danes stretched from Jutland to Scania, and the people inhabiting them where referred to as Danes, also in the Anglo-Saxon chronicles
I'm just glad (though also quite annoyed), I'm female, so at least for me it was mostly something people thought was "cute" or "attractive", whereas my male friends were often told they sounded "aggressive" or "unintelligent"
That being said, all of this boils down to semantics
Ok thanks for explaining
This is EU's stand, we will make Brexit as difficult as it should be, we wont make it harder nor easier than it should be
In Jutland you have a lot of remains of the the old bunkers the Germans built as part of the Atlantic Wall during WW2
Haus des Reisens in Berlin is a great example.
If anyone is gonna bully those drunken pieces of shit, it's gonna be us
Shameful :(
I've heard some fairly good arguments both for and against.
The Danish flag is used at all occasions
Yes, but we are talking about the use of it
It has always been like that for me
I guess it depends on how you look at it
You can see the same shit all along the southern part of Europe, that doesn’t make those countries rich
You do of course realize people from Sjælland have an equally strong dialect to the rest of us, right
Imagine how unbelievably red America would be
So I would say 50 EUROs, if you are frugal, could be saved for bigger expenses when those arise
A common expression is "Hvor peperet gror", meaning "Where pepper grows".
How so
In my mind, that equals pretty good quality, but I won't claim it's "the best in the world", which is of course also very subjective
But if we invest a lot of money in the countries they come from, we buy a lot of goodwill with those countries governments.
Also Jylland / Lolland :^)
Exclave
A penny, a thimble and a key i think
as there's simply no concept of it "being insulting" or whatever
I hope equality, freedom, and happiness spreads to all
Well good luck with authoritarianism.
It would be a counter weight to Germany/France too
In Denmark we got the [Nihilistic Peoples Party] - Which goal is to ban chucch bells on sundays, because most people got hangovers, and that everything doesn't matter, exacept cute animals
The fertility rate in Denmark has been lower than 2% since the 1960's The country has had its ups and downs, but it has not been in crisis for 60 years.
Denmark No
I'll change it
All in all i had a very interesting experience with this ‘practise work’ which i did for 3 days
Pretty much everyone is fluent.
I guess the trick is not to have many and force the kids to school.
It's verges on at least once a week for all 8 years, if corona hadn't ruined the average
Slightly different spelling in Danish: må ikke tildækkes
About 70% of words are -en and 30% are -et
We have been here more or less forever.
Ideologically charged and increasingly removed from our historical, cultural, scientific, etc
-AndyPhoenix
Something like the beat to this song, named after the city I live in (Copenhagen, Denmark):
Not if it's not frozen
It's also incredibly expensive to get diagnosed for mental disorders like ADHD if you don't wanna wait five years
Agreed
I can understand a little Swedish and Norwegian, but not much
He thinks its nice meanwhile I'm dying
>The EU and the UN do, along with a lot of other European people
I don't think most people would even know what it is
We got enough aggression from Russia there is no need to pile any more on a long list of diplomatic tension.
While the transatlantic relation is strained missions are still pretty much carried out as usual
He had condoms with him, so at least he didn't go to the afterlife unprepared.
Hollande and Juncker need a fiscal union to make the euro work, but the chance of all eurozone-members agreeing to mutualisation of debt and Tex harmonisation is 0%.
The only negative was the strong headwind on the way home
They date back from WWII when people had to seek shelter during bombings
Good for you Austria, hopefully the rest of us will follow you.
Then they have a birthday at home as well (of course)
Yeah, I assumed they actually did do flairs.
So you have never been to like Galata Tower, or Hagia Sofia
We don't know how long before that he became King or how long after that he remained
Then you should try going to Bosnia.
> Also, people should choose democratically their head of state
honestly, that's actually far better than I'd expected -- this means that over half of the burger boys have at least a basic understanding of socialism
If you talk about how many cars cross a bridge in a day, it's contextually implied that's both the day and following night
Going to Disneyland everyweek, upto multiple times
i wanna have vacation down there, but their current president has made the country a weird place
We got so much pizza, all the time
Maybe it was just someone who realized people were going to mess it up otherwise.
A better translation for halvtresindtyvene would actually be "half-thrice-times-twenty". That means a "half" away from thrice, which would be (3-0
Just drive really slowly and use the parking indicator and gps
You're completely right but what makes it a bit difficult is that Y is a vowel in some countries.
Simply not believing in a god is very common, and in most circles you would most definitely be considered more weird for going to church every Sunday than for not believing in anything
You really seem to take this too seriously, have their been any attempts to form a Baltic counsel based on the Nordic one?
>It would be very weird (and impossible regarding logical consistency) to view Denmark ca 1300 as a country but not Sweden at the same time
Except of course the UNO deck :-)
Expensive
Hmm, yeah, I'm not sure that's where I would have drawn the line, but I can see that.
but i read some news about an indian pilot out-flying a MIG and shot it down (during this indian vs pakistan thing earlier this year (or was it late 2018
>Denne grundlov gælder for alle dele af Danmarks Rige
I just don't support the EU, because i think some of their values goes against what i believe in and i think the EU is going in a direction that i do not want my country to go in.
It's actually from a webcomic set in a post apocalyptic world where the only known human settlements are in Scandinavia
[yeah]
One will be build on the ashes of the other.
Unfortunately, regular danish is potato danish
DANMARK
Væsker (Danish) = Liquids
How is Schengen any different from the EU's freedom of movement
Still have to pay 14$ to get the NSA to check if I am a potential terrorist...
I realized I may be part of the problem
Meanwhile income from mail itself went down and private package delivery companies snapped up the profitable and easy-to-handle small packages
All in all, I do not agree with you
We do send the worst trash from my country to Spain every year
Paid rioters
the Netherlands has surrendered to the turks.
Still in use actually - home of Danish Military Intelligence and where the Chief of Defense has his residence.
That seems to be main way to turn democratic republics into dictatorships
The same people who voted out, read titles like these
I was slightly under average
It is something that happened 7 years ago, yet is being brought up here all of the sudden, despite the fact that there hasn't been any fundamentally new developments to this case
Kind of like Putin getting Belarus to invade Crimea and then later invade Belarus.
Trolling to is intentionally be a moron
It means more control over the EU as an institution and a bigger stick to wave around in the face of totalitarian powers.
throwing Greece out might just help Greece, at least in the medium/long term.
Yeah, a simple "Tak" with no titles is as polite as it gets
It's not an official license, but if you don't pass, your parents will get a message saying they need to raise you better basically, lol
Aren't you pretty good freinds with Austria
Who are "they"?
One of my friends on another study was told to expect about £300/semester.
I would also wager that those two are the most 'pan-european' movements.
My gymnasium called the first years "smølfer" and played [this song] on repeat for the entire first introduction week of school, over the hall and class speakers
walk onto the bike paths
only danish sites i visit are computer related or related to regular news
To call english a common second language is almost understating it
And I've lived in several places in Nordjylland and have never heard anyone call each other by those names, except for tøser like once or twice
I thinks it's organised by municipality
I think a well planned and beautiful city has a tremendous impact on the wellbeing of its residents and I don't think developers will regulate themselves into building coherent cities.
Hm, I feel like cheating is just very normalized in a lot of places
Even here in Denmark, a country proficient in English, we still publish many papers in Danish.
When I finish my studies I will definitely go for a upgrade.
It's not the middle ages anymore
When you are applying for jobs, which university you went to is irrelevant
I haven't been able to find a proper picture of it, since most of the ones I have is of my old British classmates and I don't feel comfortable sharing those, but it's sort of like [this] but less styled and professional looking
Any glass is fine
I know for a fact, that Danes hate Swedes because of our centuries old rivalry
37% humidity currently, that's super dry
Likely that's why it's somerhing we don't talk much about
Hunter S. Thompson said his blood was too thick for Nevada's desert climate
There was no religious pagan desire to convert foreigners to believing in the Norse Gods, and there was also no Norse God doctrine to spread this belief system.
Unemployment skyrocketed after the crisis, especially in Greece
The only suggestion is to replace some words with some other words with similar meaning, for reasons that are completely bonkers.
"Scotland" is an ancient name, with proud roots
Denmark was a founding member of NATO which linked a small country that had been pacifist neutral since it got its kicked in 1864 to a large military defense alliance.
And Austrian also invaded us some 79 years ago
Both Spain and France have had histories of trying to suppress regional languages but I'm wondering why France seems to have been much better at it.
Their production machine was captured by the germans.
I had to think for a long time to come up with all of these
Later, it turned out that many of the numbers involved in the proposal, which has since been passed incidentally, were downright fictitious, and that the government knew this all along, but had intentionally been hiding it, even from the rest of the parliament.
I really hope things work out for you, and that issues like these will be ironed out in the (not too distant) future
You keep calling me far right, doesn't really matter that I've voted liberally for my entire life.
It is on the complete opposite side of the world, but I feel their relaxed mentality and informal workplace attitude is just very similar to here in Denmark
You'll hear country music in Denmark from time to time, but it's not a common thing.
The women not voting seems rather extreme, though ultimately that is up to them
It's very much the most intelligible dialect for me
I’m inspired by your optimism
I kind of like this idea
No doubt that I'll be looking to avoid Ryanair at all costs once I'm done with my studies and hopefully become a bit more stable financially
That just makes it easier, you actually know what sounds to make
As an honorable mention, the stories from the Nordic Mythology about Odin, Thor and the rest of the old Gods are also popular here, as in the rest of the Nordic countries
This is completely my own interpretation, but do you see where I’m coming from
I'm aware, since I did choose to take it myself when I was on exchange ;)
Did you read the 2 free speech questions in the survey?
Some are considered classics, and are reaired every few years
[And here's (imo) the most powerful picture
You'd find a way to make the Euro legal tender in space
If you're were you, I'd go for a week or more to somewhere in Indonesia and then return to Singapore.
We are
I agree, and I would say that the second Slesvig war and specifically the (lost) battle at Dybøl is the quintessential moment of that process
My kids look at me, when I am separating the trash and ask "Is trash your hobby, mom
It's probably got less to do with dimensions and more to do with what the intention of the product was
The only thing you can complain about is the EU not being able to enforce it more effectively
I'm for no enlargement in the next 20 years.
Its when they are in the caravan thats driving down the cliff side
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I would just say "Hej".
Also on the longer bus routes, very common
No, no, you have to drink them
The beef between the Dutch and the sea just ascended to a new level
You can always stay, homie of the North.
Mariehøne (Marie Hen) - Ladybug
Also before I turn 50 (which is in 28 years time)
Oh yes they will
That is effing great collective behaviour from the Belgian public
Does the word "austerity" ring a bell?
I’m studying to become an engineer, so getting a job with a good insurance and benefits probably wouldn’t be too difficult, but it would feel so wrong for me to live a (relatively) lush lifestyle knowing people are living without homes or food just down the street - with little to no chance of getting help
This plays right into Wilders' hand I feel like, will it not?
I think it depends on the patient
The fact that the German person is in Greece the moment he pays of the work of the Greek worker is immaterial for whether the work functions as an export
Please tell me
EDIT:  And also a break in in our house once, an in our car another time
The Last being the most different from "Rigsdansk" since the area switched hands with what is now Germany quite a few times.
The "DR" stands for "Danmarks Radio", since the company was orginally created as a public radio broadcasting company
Source
This can be a good thing if needed
Let’s celebrate by honoring the people who wanted anything but independence for my country”
I'll give it a go, but these are not particilarly easy to translate directly
Then I'll use the leftover 30 euro on my life enjoying friends, hoping they use the money more wisely to turn it into 40 euro somehow, so they maybe will buy your expensive things instead of any cheaper alternative
Well, the moral of the story is that our government decided to reintroduce them.
You'd have to be a genius to know the danish counting system.
It's often used as an argument against not eating your food, "Think about the starving children in Africa
SMS
In Denmark
I went there for an event both times, so it was nice to put Amsterdam on the been there done that list, but it's not a place I wanna go to, if I'm not attending something
"people should have a right to self determination
A soda would be Faxe Kondi, which probably is the most popular here besides Coca Cola
And
Norway has never been a colony, and to claim as much is rank revisionism
Danish is not that close to German as some tourists might believe, and our capital is not pronounced as such
Happy new year
Having been to Rome, Venice and Florence, going to Milan was a weird surprise
Pls gib Norway
Rasmus Paludan
But to be fair, I haven't really been in that many other Danish parks, so can't even tell you which one you should rather go to
I'm strongly considering putting the Christmas lights up around the house
A few times I flew between two EU countries and no one ever checked my ID, just the boarding pass
Thing is, the rest of Europe grew up, while the countries that still try to put rules on love are stuck in the playpen eating glue
A lot of European countries arent as religious as they used to be
I find most countries' history interesting, but I definitely find European & East Asian the most interesting
They deserve to be vaccinated against their will, problem solved.
A lot of the neighbourhoods in the surrounding areas of the city center don’t have a lot of uniqueness to them
It's said that the island of Sjælland was created when a giant took a piece of Sweden and cast it into the ocean
It's hot and uncommon for a country located 1/3 into the Arctic Circle
You swedes broke it up probably because it was spearheaded by a danish monarch, why couldnt you guys just chill
What a nicely raked forrest you have there
whole wheat but with milk
Think about your fellow citizens
I hardly know 'er
Like everyone else, I'd say the biggest downside is the wait time, especially with specialist, but they are often very good at trying to be flexible for you, if you ask nicely and they think it's urgent enough
(as far as i remember)
I'm flippin' *hungry* when 12:00 rolls around
Example: "do you want hotdogs or pizza for your birthday
..also it's cold, snowy, and Vikingy
The idea was that it was good, because they were poor people from the working class that usually tried to steal from evil corporations and rich bankers who themselves had gotten their money in less than honest ways
You'll need more time to adjust to the altitude in Cusco.
The government is unapologetically treating the plates as a cash cow, raising and lowering the prices every few years to maximise profit
That's way too cool
Never been asked to show passport
I have seen elder care homes recieve large inheritances, but not the church
The state had no foreign currency to service or renew its debts.
Yes
Never seen it in Denmark nor anywhere else I've been in Europe
Even if you do, you can pull a Sweden and just kinda not adopt the Euro
Pay your own bills, do your own laundry etc
Romania for example may not receive infrastructure contributions if they don't pass certain checks for corruption.
>the Stockholm bloodbath
I don't understand why Swedes had to come up with a word to insult us Danish people when we have one word that's just as bad to towards them.
There's not much left of Europe when you say wester and mean EU.
Oh hey, wadden sea represent(vadehavet) it goes all the way from denmark to the netherlands :)
There's no documentation for the people on Iceland being heavily taxed, and the tithe to the Church was not transferred from Iceland to Copenhagen
Nights are awful and I wake up i my own sweat
> Is today the date that the Netherlands were liberated
I know
Danish isn't easy to learn
24 pages of la la questions about feelings on a scaled level.
r/Dankmark for Danish memes mocking Sweden and r/unket for Swedish memes mocking Denmark
Just aoe things
As far as I recall, the practice stopped during ww2, but I can't say for sure if it wasn't picked up after again
We already have quite a few Britts, Russians and Dutch in our labor market though.
Examples:
He would brawl with the local police force and come home in the morning with insignia and trinkets taken from the police force
Who doesn't like black letters on a plain white piece of metal
” Person at the party
Been to norway multiple times and love it
In 1933 the Danish State minister Thorvald Stauning invited his political competitors and colleges, to his home, to negotiate plans to solve the financial crisis, after many ours of failed negotiations, the politicians where about to leave but Stauning invited them to stay for a glass of whiskey, and they manage to find a solution and the liberal partys agreed not stand in the way of the socialistic methods
Alle andre er socialist hippier når man Vestjyde
Why do you think the most shit on cities and areas in Denmark, are the areas that are mostly working class, and are shit on due to stuff associated with stereotypes about the working class
And then there's drunk friends of course, who knows what they might say
In the fucking 20th century the 'schools' were teaching kids to hate other countries, they were instilling nationalism.
Why not
Not really that many communist dictatorships left (Belarus and Transnistria?)
Two escaped Pentonville (London) prisoners left mannequins in bed
Øhm
I'm dying in this heat
>Sorry, but your personal opinion doesn't really matter here in regards to this so
We don't get cold weather
> A few months back, red panda escaped from Plzeň's zoo, it was hanging out in the city for 12 days
Their hue is slightly orangish compared to danish
To change the Danish constitution all of the following must happen:
Well if I'm late on my payments to the bank I get a fine from the bank, hopefully the bill for apple will just increase.
This anecdote is utterly worthless I'm afraid.
I had to think for a long time to come up with all of these
Like, if you're at the beach and forgot/didn't want to bring drinks from home.
And then there is "byen" which is a specific town, but can also mean that you are going out drinking (Skal vi I byen i aften
Armenian Genocide 2: Azerbaijani Boogaloo
But apperently you do not greet people who were hiking or biking normally (commute), only people biking with bags, tent etc
But with other foreign state flags you would need to fly Dannebrog next to the foreign flag to obtain a permission
The nordic countries melt at 10 degrees just imagine how we are feeling right now
It’s hillarious though
Around four times as many pigs as people
You go down a flight of stairs, and then you enter a pretty cool space with dark wooden doors, brass fittings, and nice tiles
Copenhagen: Sweden
Same here
The Danish government has nothing to do with what is hunted in the Faroe Islands or Greenland, but since they're part of the kingdom, they must be ours to tell what to do, right
Arch Enemy is Swedish but sings in English
I thought you were rather pretentious and judgemental in your comments.
Well if so
* Physiotherapists
This surely isn't the case in Denmark
It provides the best click-bait articles for those who has no idea how the election works.
If not for Britain, Europe could almost certainly either have united under Napoleonic France or Imperial Germany (I agree us not becoming fascists is objectively better, so don't bring up Hitler).
Trump may revert the policies adressing climate change but it won't stop the companies doing their part adressing the very same issues.
Outside the big cities, most Spanish people have pretty poor English, especially in the south where most Brits go.
>But Ukrainian propaganda loves to use golodomor as an act of genocide by evil Russians
Overall it's fine
Sure they showed a skewed viewpoint if you use it as your only news-source, but the quality of the reporting is generally fine.
I don't live in Copenhagen but the second largest city Århus, but i been to Copenhagen and yes you can see stars it's not just as bright or pretty as when i go to our families summer house and everything just lightens up.
Source: [Retsinformation - Grundloven] § 88
In Denmark we say,"were you born in a tent
Most of them voted for article 13 and no to amendments
I went to the island Maafushi which is a good alternative to the resort islands.
This is such an outrageous claim that it is frankly absurd
we do have rewards for turning in information, to the police, that can lead to the arrest of a few certain people in some situations, but it's rare
Lots of apologists everytime
Don't feel like I'm missing anything, bad smelling fish has ruin it for me
There may be a mish-mash of Danish/Norwegian/Swedish/Icelandic accents, but at least they're more authentic than "Hollywood Scandinavian".
And Norwegian written is just Danish so yeah
A lot of busses have recently introduced entering and exiting from all doors (just let the people getting out through first, god damn
Some people have a lighter bike, some have a heavier one
KODA (a Music organisation that make sure musicans are getting paid for their music) recently made a lot of music unavailable in Denmark - it’s really annoying
Which is 0.5 % of the workforce, or something like it?
The question wasn't about personal experience, but country as a whole.
My middle name is my dad's last name, and my last name is my mom's last name (my mom kept her last name when they married), and getting a last name from both of your parents is probably the most typical kind of middle name, but having a first name as a middle name is also very common
Hopefully he'll discover that soon.
I read that as 1980
In 2011 we were #1 on the EPI
Liberal alliance, a party that wishes to reduce the size of the state and lower the tax.
They might say "You should just embrace Danish culture" but even the most model muslim isn't Danish to them.
Other than driver's license or passport, the closest in Denmark would be the  ["sundhedskort"] (health card) (formerly "sygesikringskort" (health insurance card)) which states the person's full name, address, CPR number (literally Central Person Register), the person's doctor's name and address as well as municipality and region of residence
Imagine crossing the Atlantic in that.
Emil: E sounds like e and I sounds like I
REVERSING on a  HIGHWAY
Also, all NATO members should be required to spend the same amount on defence as USA.
Lol
Their voters did not appreciate it.
“It’s very different than the urban myth back here, you know, the ‘seven-minute pour
Those who can't work due to physical illness don't need to though
All our neighbours
Since we all know the Greek debt crisis is caused by Germany imposing restrictions on governmental debt in name of 'fiscal responsibility', I won't elaborate.
Ah, the modern way of culturing pure yeast was developed in Denmark, but that's about it
Danmark med stolte 632 point - HVOR ER SVENSKEN
Oh of course, how could I forget him
Ag - Sølv
Before Myron Ebell got into the whole climate change denying racket, he worked on policy for the Tobacco Industry, where he claimed cigarettes didn't cause cancer.
And you know, wrong
Erdogan hopes that this will convince the Turkish voters to vote for his constitutional referendum.
I just want to say as a dane who lives in the southern half of sweden
Thank god
Why should i be disproving the statement that Europe has had more wars than any other continent, as as opposed to those who make that statement bearing the burden of proof?
I think I was around 7
"Alternative" - don't kid yourself - it's still just 25 million people.
We use it for any kind of celebration, but as soon as someone tries to use it in a political or nationalistic sense, it always sparks a huge debate
Doesn’t matter
Corruption and shady business has been thoroughly normalized and begrudgingly tolerated (when not cheered on) as long as international football has existed, so there is a deep-rooted culture of "well, FIFA gonna FIFA" in football, which makes any single event, like Qatar's World Cup, a bit less of a standout atrocity
Another example could be when King Harald Bluetooth unified the Danish kingdom and his baptism in ~965
Hvis bare du havde vidst hvad for en ugudelig straf din lille ”smarte” kommentar ville bringe ned over hovedet på dig, så havde du måske holdt din fucking kæft
Climate change deniers is also big, also in the parlament
Not sure if the feeling is mutual for them
Things might be done differently in other parts of the country
For students under the age of 13, one school year will cost the parents 42620 Danish crowns (6474 American dollars) while students over the age of 13 cost 53300 Danish crowns (roughly 8100 dollars)
I guess you kept a blind eye to the sales methods?
Just kidding, it was usually video games or football with friends
Here's the YouTube link, obviously it's in Danish, but its still a good watch
It occurs to me that I have mostly avoided drinking milk altogether while in the south, which, in hindsight, was perhaps rather fortunate
Denmark had even less forest back then.
In Denmark people are split between pronouncing weekend as "Vikend" or "Wikend". I only ever hear people from Sjælland, mainly people from Copenhagen, pronouncing it the latter option, the same pronunciation as in English
The use of property may be regulated by law in so far as is necessary for the general interest
Roskilde is due to the Roskilde Festival, as well as the viking ship museum
Hmm, I think that's a bit of a simplification
Only the far right (Liberals/libertarians) and the far left want mass immigration.
That's harsh mate, after the good Friday agreement and the IRA being disarmed their isn't really any issues between the UK and Ireland
This part of the trip is actually really nice, provided the weather is fair
Those are not luxury smørebrød but the generic sort you bring on your lunch.
A lot of trees are nice, but that socialist architecture style that can be seen in eastern Berlin too, is just so damn depressing
Don't know that variant, but I've done cowboy, ninja, bear: cowboy shoots the bear, bear mauls ninja and ninja sneaks up on cowboy
That's really smart
it's hard to describe, but it's definitely different from the americans
Second would probably be Bayern/Baden-W. Germany got cheap cars;) (relative to my flair)
It's called the [convergence criteria] The EU does care (kinda), it's just your country hasn't meet the criteria
Semi-related side note: I bought a six-pack of toilet paper when I was out shopping today, because we ran out in the guest bathroom
-Love,
Don't forget Bismarck level diplomacy - Slesvig-Holstein was officially taken by Austria.
Even in posh little Bath - passed three different brawls walking home from a shift once and was just
If I could only vote for something I believed in, my vote vould never be cast as I really don’t have any significant trust or faith in any candidate or party
I’m so fucking done with this bullshit, downvote me all you want
Also there's absolutely no reason why you should be rude to me like you were, simply because I've been raised with, and have read, different stories than you
I'm also pretty sure the Germans will agree that Dutch is unnecessarily harsh and sounds kinda comedic.
" and while the "Zuidelijkste" can look a bit complicated to a Dane, if you try to "sound it out" it makes perfect sense
Gaden by Fouli
As far as I understand Spanish politicking, this is all about hiding and diverting from corruption that both the Spanish and Catalan president individualle partook in
It is a shame the Nordic Council recommendation of a health and registration ID could not be agreed upon.
I think you're forgetting about mid and southern Jutland(like I also tend to do).
As if we dont have enough furries up here in the north
Merkel she is a terrible chancellor
Is "nä" not a thing in Swedish
Well cheating could easily cost you your education, so it’s just not worth it
Guess it is up to the teachers
Don't know that variant, but I've done cowboy, ninja, bear: cowboy shoots the bear, bear mauls ninja and ninja sneaks up on cowboy
Its fine
Though theirs may be a bit more in-your-face-ish
People from Northern Ireland don't usually just do what the English want them to do, do you
Being Danish I’ve never experienced anyone remembering WWII like that, and it honestly made me grateful for how lightly my country got out of it
this country is so small
The lack of culpability or even (seemingly) remorse from the people and institutions responsible is just so infuriating
They are just boring and forgettable
Source:
What's that on her head
I support strong cooperation between European countries.
Danish sounds horrible in most metal music, and therefore you won't find any metal sung in Danish that isn't underground, and therefore I'm gonna throw a curveball, because you need to have Al Namrood - Xenophobia in your playlist
[Tragedy of the commons] is a very real and well studied social dilemma.
On the other hand, the first times I visited was before google maps and before we'd even gotten our maps halfway out our bags an american would approach and offer us directions
In the top right it says - train on womans breast
Yeah - big conumdrum
Tourism is an export by the same reasoning
It’s nice for when you just want to go on a weekend trip
Sharing between people is not typical but may happen, especially if you each other well and the meal calls for it.
German terminology is confusing on countless levels, but for simplicity, Low German = (Low) Saxon (of Anglo-**Saxon** fame) = Ingvaeonic
Just a very chill atmosphere, and good nightlife (before corona)
But yeah names can be misleading (Greenland enters the discussion - though beautiful, the name has not been updated)
Northumbria Uni fined after 'life-threatening' caffeine test.
I live in Vendsyssel and it's been so freaking long since we had a white christmas
Yeah, especially since Europositivism is up recently
cities like Sorø and Nakskov are really dying cities
I mean, it's a nice statue, but the area surrounding it has more value than the statue
One thing is for certain all countries mentioned is expected to grow, some are just expected to grow faster
Here, electric bikes, except [some Christiania bikes] are by far a minority
Intellectual property shall be protected
Norwegian resistance was absolutely brutal, second only to the Finnish
What's your experience on english speakers, how well will we be able to communicate with the locals and such?
They, though less populous, have certainly exerted a large influence upon the region
Most likely there is or was active covid cases in your municipality they just were asymptomatic and therefore never reported
I'd have to go with indifferent...
Or is there some other show by that name as well
I thought you said tortilla
This was an idea created in the 1800s due to needing a national pride after having been beaten by wars and such
I’d say it’s mostly banter though
In Danish, we call them "Curlingbørn" and "Curlingforældre" (curling children and curling parents), because, like in curling, the parents sweep the way for their precious children in life
Today I'm completely with the Greeks.
This is so completely random
Say it say it
Very uncommon, only 7/11 and a few supermarkets accept euros and they do it at a terrible exchange rate.
>Denne grundlov gælder for alle dele af Danmarks Rige
Ayee
I love the Spanish cousine, but callos was for me the only disgusting experience in Spain
Actually that’s Caesar’s salute
Luxembourgish - The most difficult one so far
So all we hear about how U.S dairy products (And other foodstuffs) are full of potentially dangerous and untested preservatives which is why they are so much longer lasting than danish dairy products are bogus?
No wonder
A Danish poet wrote that the year has 15 months
I've also seen old people who answered by saying that addresses
Thanks mate, most Danes would make a union with Norway ina.
I'd like a proper license test, for EVERY SINGLE person with a license, every 5 years or so
Interesting
You can still see traces of the "to happen" meaning in English phrases such as "what became of him
Well, "bror lort" was slang at the time
You guys political establishment are second only to the U.S at sucking up to big business and can hardly be expected to keep them in line.
> I also love Major Tom
Is it like fastelavn
generalizations(?) that other Muslims would.
Å (stream, small lake)
Ah, so the intelligence budget is up for renegotiation, then?
getting rid of it in one go instead of gradually
I would have thought it would be soemthing like Nöcken in Swedish
The last time it was updated was in 1953, even though some parties would like to do another update soon, the majority of parliament doesn't want any major revisions, like it would be to separate church and state.
data is beautiful
Oh, I see
and almost nobody would
&#x200B;
Fx Italy counted all Corona deaths, even if the patients had chronic  diseases or was ill beforehand with stuff like lung cancer
There were months were my overtime surpassed regular hours.
What about all the little Chinese shops you see everywhere in Spain, they are great when you need to buy beer law at night just a shame that you can only buy cigarettes in specialized stores.
The amaricans have been saying the same thing for years.
I don't understand you equating Superpower with population...
**Annual tuition fees for full-degree students**
It's all politics and nothing to do with culture
That is also why nobody owns the rights to H.C. Andersens original fairytales today, but publishers can have rights to "modern translations".
It's about 3x more expensive to travel to southern europe by train from Copenhagen than it is by plane and you need to change several times + it takes many times longer
Such things don't just disappear they linger.
If that is your biggest worry then you don't have any actual worries.
I'm curious
Well i dont know if other nations teach this but my own teachers never actually went over the viking era, or that Denmark rulled a huge part of England at some point
Or so i've been told by a teacher i had once, who was in a brewery club
Well to be fair, while Americans might be more focused on generations, we do have one generation that comes up from time to time - that being "68'er generationen" (Generation of 68')
Winter starts on December 1st
In Danish it's also hammer, although the name for sledgehammer, Mukkert, is a lot more hammersounding
Anything bad that happens in the UK will now be blamed on "Those damned Europeans trying to sabotage us because they don't like us being independent
> The view expressed in this server is, by and large from what I've seen in my travels
I should next time
A sharing platter for 2, for the price of 1 Paella somewhere else
Immigration, nothing comes close.
I don't see how that helps anything.
America spies on you and bullys you into doing their bidding.
I was recently gifted "Our ancestors" by Italo Calvino
Like, Liberal is much broader than that, and I mean it in the broadest possible way
Can we get some deals that involve getting licenses for loads of anime
Skygge: shadow
Because violence against children is *violence against children*.
I don't know the school firsthand, but I get the impression, that it is a hard school
They almost always feel like the wrong one and that it should be the other
I thought it was jamon iberico de bellota
We need u/calmyourdrosophila right away
The credit card I have is only a backup.
USA are mostly mixed European - more than Europe which still stick to many nation states - so if shouldn’t surprise that US movies have broad appeal
If you exercise the muscle, the soreness goes away faster
We need to say "wild nature" to emphasise "nature not touched by humans".
I go back inside, since I only just arrived and only had four beers
You have my sympathies
It most certainly wasn't to improve the lives of the EU citizens.
murica
Where is the å? Very very common in Danish
Especially when the subject is about Trump?
Though the consequences of the Battle of Dybbøl can NOT be underestimated, it isn't the bloodiest battle in Danish history
That's more like it
It has been very obvious that Trump had no idea what was in his healthcare plan, with Trump contradicting it multiple times
As someone else mentioned it looks like ha has a police uniform on so might be the government, isn't Belarus a puppet state of Russia and have they not had protest against government oppression
So you take Jesus, you carve him into a large stone or tablet, and you make sure to emphasize his
We would ask for 250g, 500g, 750g or 1kg
I think it is very normal here to be open about pregnancies and giving birth, my mom have been pretty open about it and I work with mostly women who aren't afraid to talk about both in a positive and negative way
I remember that I was told many times growing up to never ever joke about WW2 around Germans because they can't handle it
How will you force Finland, Hungary, Poland and Denmark to accept refugees?
I'm pretty sure this is inaccurate
That is some really nice pictures!
It would also make sense in long distance air travel
Netherlands in Danish is "Holland" and not just the province
Danish would not work because people say it’s like talking with a potato in your mouth
So I have a green plastic box with all ny books, that I don't have to bring home for homework
So they fucked up Thor when converting him for the American market in the comic, not the movie
I moved out of my parents' at 18 (never moved back in) and only changed my official address when I was 25 or so, so for all purposes I was still living with my parents
Luckily we don't have a helmet law here.
That's one reason you sometimes see exchange students grouping together rather than mixing more with the local population (another reason is that the locals sometimes don't make an effort either to befriend someone who will leave soon after).
Most danes aren't anti Swedish, we like you guys.
Thought this was a question to /r/worldbuilding for a bit.
I actuelly don't think we have something like that.
This tells us something about how the rich and poor lived
000 DKK (4872-5684 dollars) a month
Both are the same concept, a flavored way of delivering nicotine in a pouch under the lip
Now hang on where does the sewer come in XD
Although their kitchens are surprisingly good quality, compared to the other "off the shelf" kitchens you can buy here
When I am done with online school in about 2 hours I'll grab my bike and go for a ride
Are the parents punished when it is evident that they have illegally circumcised their child?
The universites are public, are they not
The EU is trying to drag us down to the lower standard of eg
Ahh I see
You get all the details all the time
Here is a spreadsheet for the Danes on how the Danish MEP's voted:
Rain, wind, Vikings, (sometimes) snow
We still have Brexit to moan about
I don't know any Danes who would eat there
Lolland is worse
Either that we'd just say "the person" instead of using a pronoun
as a dane im not at all worried, our language is way too old to be replaced, hell, alot of your words came from us
Thank you sweden fo- wait what
His Danish was perfect and that's an extremely simple sentence to say, but he had an accent so people would never allow him to use it
Yet to say that Turks and Greeks are culturally similar is a vague statement at best
Old classics that I'll appreciate forever.
That's my point
Well, that did certainly not conjure images of a diabolical domme at all.
It would be like if Germans had Swastika flying flags
Most mainstream American private news is absolute gutter because people pay to hear the news they want to hear and thus end up in an echo chamber.
It's pretty common in Sweden but it has nothing to do with a English language fetish more that the Swedish language is retarded
If it was 10 degrees and sunny all the time I wouldn't mind it
Give the state a new source of income so other taxes can be lowered, or use it to improve hospitals or whatever
Imagine you want to say “75”.
I can not comprehend how Iceland got this low rating.
It's a gorgeous city and I can't recommend it enough if you're in Spain
> Får får får! = Sheep give birth to sheep
I think the first sick mink were discovered many months ago
> Even USA is multiethnic
I kinda get wanting to protect it
Is "volapuk" an English version
Which you can get at the age of 15, as you can be hold criminally accountable (at adult levels) at the age of 15
&#x200B;
I'm a student, so I don't have that many choices if I want to go somewhere
people constantly talk about sweden as this socialist haven
Greenland was a colony at one point
I guess that the Estonians don't want to unnecesary ethnic trouble.
Leftist considered Turkey in the EU, people on the right always knew.
It seems like a polar opposite of Denmark
During that time the people that lived there cheated wealthy people out of buying the island
Just dig a moat or something between you and the rest of Sweden
Most of the peaople I know do not own af danish flag
German grammar is very regular, so if you learn the rules it's actually not that difficult.
Loves tea, imperialism, has a royalty
How did Amsterdam become like this
Les temps sont durs pour les rêveurs.
Mainstream politicians get a lot of bad rep, but I think it beats fringe politicians
to my knowledge thats the only diallect, everyone just speak “rigsdansk” or they atleast try to(sjællandere og jyllændere)
If they live like next door to the university the kid goes to and he/she only has one year left, it'd be a bit silly to ask them to move out at that time
<ZXCVBNM,.-
I'm an internationalist and I want to avoid using flags as much as possible
Thanks Germany for the cheap everything just across the border
Why should anyone care about countries breaking up
I didn't even know there is a Netflix version
"download open source server-software til din computers harddisk"
We have Greenland and the Faroe Islands as well as municipalities
After all, child pornography was legal in Denmark for many years
No they already have between 11-15 million illegal immigrants, but they are mostly not South American but from Mexico and Central America
I don't personally have a horse in that race so I'll support what the Catalan and Spanish people work out together.
And the week before that
“Jeg har set en rigtig negermand” literally means “I have seen a real negroman” but it’s an old meme here (Denmark)
I don't really get why you prefer trucks over vans
The public busses have a European flag on the roof
Probably Sweden since we’ve had so much history together
I dont want to debate you because I think it will be a waste of time for both of us.
> Also we still call the king Kristian Tyrann, while I believe you consider him to be a good king
Tak
Swedish:
I'd say that at least 3 out of my top 10 best movies of all time are German
For if you do, perfect holiday location to go to for me (I got a Roman obession haha)
I'll support whatever they agree on.
Turns out it was legal since 1989 to be in a same-sex civil union (married outside the church) in Denmark but the Netherlands did beat us to the marriage thing with about a whole decade
I don't know about the moisture of the eggs, cus i've never checked upon coming home, but buns that i buy are always damp when i come home
It just didn't really feel like Christmas at all
Just the Benelux area alone has a higher population than all of Australia, despite being less than a tenth the size of NSW
I am visiting France - can confirm, it’s hot at shit at the very moment
And what prevents me from lying is being a decent and honest person
I'm sorry if this is misrepresenting Belgium like that
I went to Lapland once as a prize from a Game of Thrones competition
As long as it's only down *between* tiles, cobblestones or whatever, walking above it won't "wear it down" anyway
The Dutch far right’s election donors are almost exclusively American
or what is the second language
Second this^
There's people who prefer Feyenoord, and then there's liars.
When they found jobs they move and new unemployed people with social problems move in.
Not as far as I know
Rikke Louise Karlsson (Independent) (YES/YES)
That feels less like religious persecution than a direct ban on full face veils, is how I feel.
I don’t speak Italian
Which is what bothers me about girlfriend and “Freund/Freundin” (literally just friend and female friend)
That's not to say that Catalonia couldn't or shouldn't become a country.
Nothing Compares (even though it’s written by Prince)
They've pointed to e.g. Norway who have free trade with the EU despite not being a member, while overlooking that Norway is effectively paying membership dues to get that access, and they submit to tons of EU regulations without getting to vote on it to make that happen
And anyone that has done would know that this is shit.
But it's not a problem reaching ~50% wind without hydro
You just made an enemy for life
Also "Some financial support" is a massive understatement.
Our king was a dumbass to go to war anyway
Also they have age limits for when you can drink, laws about public intoxication and laws about public drinking
Why would you dump the mayo/ketchup on top of the fries?
It's because when it's in the middle of the sky you don't have any objects to compare it to in size I suppose
Yea
The West coast of the Black Sea has always been a crazy ethnic patchwork
We generally love all of our Northern brethren, except the Swedish of course
I think I'm a bit lost at what you mean
All what you wrote down can basically be boiled down to a much shorter sentence: We seized Donald Trump's properties and assets, not because he did anything illegal, but because we disagree with him politically.
Which is a myth of course
It's just nobody does that, we use our "boxes".
Its made by germans, what did you expect?
We’ve got the croque monsieur that everyone else has (we call them “parisertoast”), but we also have a version that I think is unique to Denmark called a “cowboytoast”, which is with ground beef
Our union with Iceland ended under World War 2.
Denmark has all of these things too, if you're even Danish
Agreed, Claire Underwood just isn't my type of character.
First time i ever saw Furries in Fursuits outside in real life was when i was in Moscow
But Turkey might actually be the reason we still have it, because it may be part of a concession we made to have Fogh appointed to secretary general of NATO.
You're one of *those* people
You could also say would you be "sød"(nice) to do this.
They're actually cheaper than they used to be
But what would be that dominant culture
We recently got the flag on our number plates, but as real flags, not at all.
I don't know if they are unique to my country alone, as us Scandinavian languages are quite similar in some ways, but here are some
This is surely not the worst thing to happen in the history of Denmark, but the fact that it happened in the 50's shortly after the atrocities of WW2 makes me look at it a pretty horrible thing
Lose money and play the waiting game, to see who can last longer Nutella or the consumer.
Absolutely
> But will y'all have a "Space Force" though
Good guy Serbia coming with the solutions.
I remember as an exchange student, gaining a bit of weight and how hard it was, not to eat something processed, cheesy or sugary
In my mind, that equals pretty good quality, but I won't claim it's "the best in the world", which is of course also very subjective
My father works for an IKEA-owned business and visited Kamprad with others from his firm at Kamprads estate somewhere in Sweden.
I'd argue that one of them will be injured and flee unless the other part really wants to kill them
Yeah, the beaches on the Danish west coast get my vote, as self-indulgent as it might sound.
Norge - Norway
What are those "red lines" people are talking about
I do not buy clothes specifically for indoor use
2% growth is decent - But then again GDP per person only recently reached 2007 level.
They are literally free to leave if they decide to do so
So if Norway never had had muslim immigration, i don't think he had decided to kill those people.
Both carlsberg and Tuborg are Danish
Someone else in this thread debunked it
Swedes are not to be trusted
And flags
Why are you opposed to comprosises
Especially if we're talking about western Balkans which is collectively worthless
That's not a joke, all busses in all of Denmark will have the Dannebrog flying high on any random holiday
I actually hit a nerve there it seems.
Let us have our own space please and stop trying to make everything about you
Depressed
Calling all of those parties far right makes as much sense as calling the left leaning parties communists.
Here's a pic I took of it two years ago:
Most stores close either around 19, or even 20 or 21 (grocery stores even later), I honestly don't think that's too late
WTB republic
I think deep down, most scandinavians would like a Norway-managed Kalmar Union
also applies to things like when talking about welfare-policies in a positive light, as they often just as misinformed
It's mostly used among younger people
I must make one point very clear here: Socialism is _not_ the mere progression of the class struggle
The alternatives are way worse.
I'm from Florida, so I keep all my radiators on max :P
You've forsaken Danish-kind
The daughters are safe tho
It literally means "boy", and that might not sound too uncommon for English nations, but it doesn't make sense in Danish
Darkness
People mostly either went travelling or worked to save up money so they would be better off when they moved away from home.
>Muhammad undeniably existed
The NATO clause would not be activated in Syria.
Where you're located currently isn't relevant.
Which has the same price everywhere
Right
So will Denmark
I'd be lying if I said it doesn't reek of a degree of ingratitude
The Liberal Alliance party wants cuts in the marginal tax rate that was offered by the government in their platform but now they only want tax cuts below a certain income threshold.
Then taking on £9000 per year is extremely daunting and your family will think you are fucking crazy for wanting it
Yes
Because I'm pretty sure that democracy and unity were up there pretty damn high
GDPR is all about protecting your data and digital ownership - I.E. You can't just copy an image and sell it without permission
Yes it is
Nah, it's common for Finns to forget to take some time out of their day to fuck Poles.
your country has chosen to isolate itself, and that is not how you become "relevant on the world stage".
Of course though, no Dane really knows any of this until years after they are taught the numbers
If you rat your partner-in-crime out to the police, you're a "stikker"
Now we can barely turn on the news without a new terrorist attack has been foiled by police.
Yeah
This is what I love about Transylvania, the only thing is that it could have been so much cooler, if all the Germans had remained, instead of being sold to West Germany
>Bring it, but just expect others to also enjoy that gin
Enig "der lugter af bæ" "jeg har aldrig set en ko"
Privileged kids are born with a silver spoon in the ass
Edit: FYI, no one in Denmark calls York "Jorvik".
FAXE KONDI
[The overgrown sanddunes] [An other image of the overgrown sanddunes with pine trees] [Deer walking in the nature]
Only downside with that place is the animal welfare activists
I really believe Aarhus is punching above its weight in Museums
People touting that this is the year we repeat EC 1992
Because of the Utøya-attack, Norway had a 2
Long story short: He and his government were convinced we could win the war of 1864, despite how much the Prussians had kicked our asses back in the three-year-war, so they declared war on Slesvig-Holsten
Is this stated clearly somewhere
However, one of the bombers that flew over Copenhagen lost control, dropping its bombs too early (into an apartment building, killing 11 civilians) and afterward accidentally crashed into the area next to the girls-school
So, Love-hotel akin to the japanese ones?
Whereas Sweden, the UK, and France are like: "Please just marry my child
I could probably still do that I wouldn't be harmed one bit, but these days I'm actively paying for newspapers because I believe that is important to do
There are no mountains, but we have a unique coastline, and areas around Silkeborg and Rebild respectively are very pretty
> When I team up with Romanians in Counter Strike, I somehow always ask them what they think about Ceausecu
He's highly paid but works very few hours, however whatever tasks he get is getting done on time but over budget
Are you denying this
Not exactly fixed, more like horribly broken do to its dumb voting system, with the electoral college and all that bullcrap.
The far-left needs to take control before that happens, right?
Denmark stands with France
About 70% at local elections and about 60% at European Parliament elections
I need some clouds here to not look like a wet lobster
It has to be mentions that it became a news item back then too, which is the reason why it's not a bigger deal now
Are there any plans for a Catalonian independence referendum?
in a new country and then blame everyone around you for not accepting you as one of them
Then make sure to visit Skagen in Denmark
Look at the discussion in the US about illegal Mexican immigrants.
So breeding and selecting for a high concentration of the other compound might lead to lower THC levels, while making it a better, more powerful drug towards a certain kind of problem
You know what they say: "There's no such thing as bad publicity".
They did also have success invading Albania
> Like last year, when about a hundred Urker people gathered around the house of a Moroccan-Dutch family, making racist chants
You're effectively saying that "only the people the system approves of should be given influence to change the system".
Fingers crossed for y’all
It’s kind of normal to me in my own city, but in other cities and countries I’m in awe
Tbh, when thinking about it, I realized it's simply because I don't care - if somebody looks into my apartment and sees me naked, what going to happen
Hell, Germany is a country I could maybe one day, settle in
Novo Nordisk can't carry the whole region, and if Lolland is included, well fuck
I was shocked when I found out a lot of Europe has one day delivery for a lot of things
I asked my grandparents what they think of gay marriage and they were totally okay about it.
I know my grandfather was tjenestemand, which isn't a thing anymore but used to be quite prestigious, so he would say something like  "tjenestemand (name), (place)", well into his retirement years
So if it is incentive that is the key driver, would you then say as soon as a large enough group of people start doing something to their children, we should legalise it so they can do it safely
Didn't think Finland had a beef with us.
Bendt Bendtsen (Det Konservative Folkeparti) (NO/YES)
Pretty sure it's the same here
Also they have age limits for when you can drink, laws about public intoxication and laws about public drinking
We get it, you think it’s ugly and weird
Basically my current situation; the state is paying me each month, which basically covers my already subsidised rent in a "ungdomsbolig", which is a term for cheaper apartments that you have to be a student to be able to rent.
Oh we do
and Salling Super is completely out of Lidls league
Yes, Faroe Islands are still a part of the Kingdom with autonomy.
Well didn't Erdogan previously have problems with how the chinese treated the Uyghurs as they are fellow "turkic" people.
if it lasts a week or two of constant on, then I'll be quite i terested
The research done at the Carlsberg labs in the late 19th century was important for modern beer brewing, no doubt, but I feel like you brush over how basically everything else about the brewing at Carlsberg was German, from lagering as well as cold fermenting, which are two definite Bavarian brewing traits
It was an obvious attempt at directly integrating the duchy of Slesvig into Denmark, breaking multiple international treaties and ending in a war
I left norway thinking norwegians are maybe the nicest people in the world
dear sweden as long as you promise not to cross øresund if it freezes, i will promise you to totally not bonk you with a stick as is my legal right
Yes, but that's not what's popular.
Well the EU-wide minimum wage is the most recent thing they are trying to get through
In Danish they would pick the dialect Sønderjysk or Bornholmsk and sometimes Vendelbomål
Tenerife at age three and a half.
The state can provide a legal marriage between same-sex couples
I don't even live in a cpuntry that speaks their language, yet somehow it drowns out my country's news
Denmark loses points for just having two telephone numbers to call when sick.
As I wrote above, I might be misremembering, as I was a child at the time, plus it was ages ago, so honestly, a lot can have changed
But we make up our own form for determite plural which english doesn’t have (the tanks) we use danish grammar, tanksene/tankene
Well, I presume you'd be moving there to study.
These guys committed atrocities on a huge scale.
A good flæskestegs sandwich is personally my favourite
Let me save you the trobule and just give you the site with all of the information:
same here in Denmark with the greenlandic inuits
Let's not forget the most archetypal Russian name of all: Ivan (probably: Ivan Ivanovich)
Latest one might be q few years ago when during a Chinese state visit, demonstrators and activist brandishing the Tibetan flag were harassed by police at several locations in Copenhagen.
Italian politics are so corrupt, esoteric and wacky that it's almost funny
>10m high
Damn I’d definitely have thought that sjåfør (we spell it chauffør) was a joke if you hadn’t mentioned it
Eventually my parents wanted to go back to Denmark and that’s how i ended up here
Ja, min lokale Ikea er vistnok radioaktiv
It was mostly France, that prevented us from getting Scania back, though
Viset the little mermaid in copenhagen, your gonna get disapointed
Languages only need two genders: Common and non
Apparently not, it's still there at the top.
I am not a fan of Marine Le Pen but she never said anything hinting at her planning to overthrow democracy or anything of the sort.
Its an old friend we have gotten so used to we forget to address the issue of its existence
We are always awkward about that
And in general our tax authority seems completely incompetent when it comes to implementing a functional IT system
Oh hey, I live there
No one is putting a line on free speech.
they were mostly beating the great russians who apparently all doped.
Our homegrown brand is Rynkeby, who also do a blackcurrant squash, but the most popular flavour is mixed fruits
local citizens, so if the country has free university for locals, it will for EU citizens too.
Oooooooh, you mean the *other* Jeb
> I also love Major Tom
(There also a hieraki of which alcohols we do share - beers are seen as personal items only to be shared in dire situations, whereas mixers and spirits are often shared if asked)
>Drømmer jeg, eller er jeg kommet i himmerrige
Do you know the Swedish system before femti, sexti, sjuti etc
Funny enough, we actually own a piece of land right next to his kingdom
That's how I first figured out his religiosity was a bit..
No I don't. Whataboutism can be boiled down to: "Those guys are being dicks, so I should get to be a dick too
-10 degrees and winter
Like the French chocolatine vs pain au chocolate
Now that's a large scale bruh moment
I should add the caveat "countries that haven't at one point been part of the same country as Denmark".
Business
Bet she envies the dead
You are alone in your delusions.
If we do, Hey /r/Norway
I'm convinced he can't place countries other than the US and Russia on a map
The term is not geographical as much as historical
It looks exactly like your property looks when you neglect to take care of it
In Scandinavia it is not made from fruit, usually grain
Country McCountryface
A Danish cat says: Miav
Yeah I agree
Guess which countries had worse democracies
Why not Mars
Oh wow, I always thought that was Germany"
This means you've cultivated a culture where the servers are overly friendly and enthusiastic
A Cantonese swear
Yup and that is exactly where I and Drahy disagree
The world would be better off if religion and religious faith didn't exist.
I wholeheartedly support learning to hear English and read local subtitles early
All in all, I love living here, and I don’t have any intention of moving back to Germany
Adjusting to constant darkness back then could be difficult, but at least you could sleep unlike when it's daylight 24/7 in the summer
It'll never be my favorite thing in the world but I can easily watch a match every now and then.
Well both my parents are Danish and I live here in Denmark, but my passport says I’m born in Singapore, so technically not originally from here
In Denmark "drage" is used for both kite and dragon
It's in the danish dictionary
Norway: I have admittedly never been there, but their national day, the 17th of May
Same in Danish, I love it
**Greenland:** Drunk, depressed and cold
Probably "De higer og søger
If you're in Copenhagen and move to Aarhus, you'll realize that flat is the last word cyclists use to describe the latter ;)
The milk proteins and lactose in butter just contribute in a way, which no oil does
It looked fun but hella expensive
Otherwise, it's not something our doors do
Yes, this
And to comment on the bad placement on the scale: We have a housing bubble issue
In Denmark lemonade is the sweetened uncarbonated lemon drink with water and is not used for either Sprite or Fanta or other carbonated drinks.
The prince and me
Well I know you are all eager to downvote but the article says that if it has to go through parliament we could look at many months of parliamentary nonsense which could indeed delay it.
I learned to sing a few folk songs (badly
Doing the same to their own country and countrymen might show them the error of their way
I tried to make a comparison with denmark, but our bureau of statistics (Statistics Denmark) only have data from 2007 onwards online.
True, but at least we're not swedish
I've even chosen to install english language on my computers windows, just because it's easier to solve problems and follow a little step by step guide etc, without having to translate as i go
Not everything is bleak
Being the first to legalize it and all
That much is clear ;) Finland isn't Scandinavian for starters
> You're completely right
They were just called whores
If live at home you get ~$130-800 depending on your parents’ income
Peeing kid
Nature from Switzerland, Canada, USA, Finland
Sure but social cohesion is still important.
It's almost like its two countries
Not at all
The guy could actually be spending his time helping people instead he does...
It was first in 1993 that it was completly abolished
To be fair, so does the Lithuanians..
I was gonna comment that it seems like a rather small town to have a wall around it
They're a fine example that Article 50 was never intended to be used or usable.
And what if you're a Roman trying to avoid the plague
- Nej, får får ikke får, får får lam!
> Unfortunately if there's demand there's always gonna be supply
Whos the kid that became a consultant for Big 3
I’ve cycled in the Netherlands and it is more pleasant and feels safer than in Cph
Take Me To Church is a recent one that has topped a billion streams on Spotify
[Oh yeah you’re socialist, right
That sounds horrible, so I can wait.
So "Little Britain" is in fact a pretty appropriate name
but it only comes true if those of us who are socialists accept it
They were already territories in the Danish realm at the time.
(They started the Moldovian track in the middle of the song)
We didn't choose going back there for them, they did that themselves.
And I have learned that Germans panic when they rent a summer cottage here, and [this] is the only kind of can opener to be found in the drawers
But apperently you do not greet people who were hiking or biking normally (commute), only people biking with bags, tent etc
But they are simply too irresponsible.
the proudest moment in danish history was smugling jewish refugees to sweden during the war.
It sounds like you are about to jump when finishing a sentence.
To be fair to the americans though, besides being too talkative they do the whole "being sincerely helpful" a lot as well
I don't think Turkish people are particularly hated.
It's a Nordic tradition I think
I'm all for being critical of the EU, and if there was some kind of plan for what to do *instead*, I might well be in favor of leaving, even.
for themselves
But no, no candy
In Denmark we have to call lægevagten (loosely translates to doctor on duty) and a doctor or other trained person will determine if you can come to the emergency room
We have something called Jyder
But so should we reward bad behaviour?
Loss in faith is also rising among muslims.
They could still technically count if we consider how intertwined they are with the EU
Just the mere idea of Brexit has caused business to flee the UK and the only thing keeping things somewhat tolerable is that the GBP dropped like an anvil (also due to Brexit) thus causing British goods to be cheaper on the short in the common market.
A useful Wikipedia
This is only usable in Denmark, as far as my knowledge go
Source: [Retsinformation - Grundloven] § 88
Thought the Dutch had always been no.
Fucking hipsters
At least the permanent exhibition
Iceland declined to implement the constitution
There's a distinction to be made here
(semi-)Anti-EU party, DF, had one of its' leading figurehead/MP in EU parliament used EU money for trips.
(No street view out here in the wild wild western Denmark)
War with singing, and beers, and funny hats
Do you expect citizens that had no internet access to get their information from anywhere else but news media?
My mother teaches english and she says Hamlet is a bit too long
My grandfather organized some underground schools in his town, during the occupation of Denmark in WW2
Whenever I see a German city name I dont recognise I just assume it's part of the [Ruhr area]
As far as I know this is how it works in most multi-party systems, coalitions happen, because it is rare that one party get the majority, and often coalitions are based in some fundamental principles of the parties forming the coalitions, meaning that the coalition is unlikely to change.
It would think that it would have to be a separate organisation if Denmark were to join.
There are no clear "equivalents" for every American place, concept, idea or person.
Pretty much always you'd know whether the definite article would be -en or -t. Neuter gender or plural gender
60 - tres or tresindstyve
Some of it might be cultural too
Maybe I should run for office
There are far to many media outlets, so we get sloppy journalism because newsreporters these days have to write an insane amount of articles.
This contains your sUpEr SeCrEt personal number
France was also in tougher regions of Afghanistan compared to the calmer North, where the Germans were.
An indoor rainforest, which is totally worth the money
Do we know what happened to her
The third wave did the same
Don't fear my accuracy, I am a benign pisser
If you can think for yourself
What is so special about religions?
Whereas Sweden, the UK, and France are like: "Please just marry my child
Well worth the 2kr fee to use them
Move it back to Roskilde
When she was born, her grandfather was king in the Kingdom of Iceland
I don't know if they are still as popular as they were back then, now kids plays games on tablets instead
Allowing companies to keep overcharging customers does not in any way imply those companies will improve grid services.
Few things are as depressing as Tromsø wanting to have a modern harbour front or the beton center of Alta
How is this relevant to /r/Europe?
Malaysia seemst to make it work If it where to happen I assume we would keep our monarchy separate.
It was created at a time when the prevailing thought was "every citizen should have the ability to vote
Have you heard of the Tea Party?
In Venice ships had to stay outside the habour for 40 days to protect the city from plague
Usually the only stickers you will find on cars in Denmark is [this] It says "support our soldiers".
The sanddunes goes straight into heartland as well
There's even a movie based on Journal 64, which is a book in the series
Hovedværk (Danish) = (author's) main work
I'm sure there's some actual blatant racists voting for them but the party isn't about "banning Muslims" or whatever like Trump is.
^ That's why
Have you heard of seasonal depression
Although it's an easy way to become popular if you ever ring it so I won't tell you to absolutely *never* do it
As for that guff about "true" Saxony, I was quite transparently referring to the place the [Saxons] actually came from - that is, Low Saxony
Like a lone viking on the english shore asking for directions.
Also it's cool that they keep the old tradition of patro- and matronyms alive that we lost long ago, and only have remnants of
BUT IF ANYONE ELSE THEN ME MESSES WITH MY FAMILY they are going to regret it
Unions isn't politics, pff, it's the reason i earn a living wage
I honestly don't find Miss Europe 2015 that attractive..
This part of the trip is actually really nice, provided the weather is fair
The Norwegians also have had some beef with us Danes due to the personal-union between our kingdoms, which in reality was pretty Copenhagen-centric.
It works not with all sentences
Down boy, down
It actually feels like it's other way round
I was actually in Turkey a week after the coup (stayed in a 5 star hotel right next to the blue mosque for 50 euros with a friend) but one thing i was sure about was the Erdogan was not the best politician in Turkey.
it doesn't help that I work with chemistry, though
§ 27 Stk
To me it just sounds like a kitten.
and iirc it was from the 60s (i guess it was newsworthy because the jet he used was inferior to the MIG he shot down)
My favourite is the one with a really large binder blocking his way
Sometimes it gets dressed up in slightly nicer words (oh, it's because they have different *values*), but it's the same thing.
...You're not wrong, though
Isn't Sámi also an official language in Norway, at least up north
It is, its "Medeltiden" meaning the middle time or the middle age
Moldova, as its own entity, completely disregarding Romanian history, has very little to write home about (literally)
I thinks it's organised by municipality
Pretty much one of the few (and first I believe) ghettos we have in Denmark
I had a fun time (/s) around 5th grade when I tried to explain to my classmates which flag was which.
They don't think a country without border control is a real country (I guess)
Flat side representin'
Generally because we don’t need it to survive harsh winters
Au contraire, I tend to win every barfight I do not participate in.
When you say you are, you are effectively erasing everything *about* those cultures.
Which sector are you in
Right now they are down to 0 and 3 cases respectively
But I don't get the same enjoyment as when I walk
I guess I get pretty Danish when I'm drunk, but that's more of a definitional thing
Depends what you want
Yum
Are you sure you're Swedish
Mulțumesc frumos
My uncle is the ‘boss’ at this hotel, so i Got the spot easily
Je suis Charlie
I couldn't see what exactly it was so I decided to surface to try and avoid it but since I still had some forward momentum I ended up going face first into a big ass jellyfish and I got stung pretty fucking badly
Construction and decomissioning of the plant, disposal of nuclear waste along with extraction of Uranium are all incredibly damaging to the environment as well as emitting significant amounts of carbon (not comparable to how much fossil fuels emit, but still a very notable amount)
The street looks older than the Colosseum
The Government didn't collapse.
There must still be some business in it.
Every time you see boats ferrying people across the Mediterranean, EU demanding open borders, etc
those smugglers got paid awfully well too, but the result was a collective effort to get people to safety.
If you haven't found anything yet you could look into to ledens, they are marked trails in the souther part of sweden:
As you can probably guess, I am mostly centre-right, but I believe the key to a successful democracy is one, where everybody's opinion matters, and thus comprosises is at the core of the process and an extremely important part of how the country is run
This was recently leaked in the press, and the police had known about the possible issue from a former employee who reported the issue back in 2013
there are still Bismarcks around.
Every new years eve just before midnight
0.85% of our GDP goes to funding Foreign Aid.
Bosnia can into coast
Actually neither, we reject consonants out of principle so the Danish word is "Dum", but here it's the English "Dumb", which we then tend to over pronounce because why else is that b there
It's originally from Greek I believe but the way it's pronounced in English makes it sound like a moron having trouble breathing.
Those pee pee tapes are the only explanation
Norway line are freight trains only
No clue what that was all about
The reaction would probably be similar, yes.
We technically had a Pomeranian regent, although he was just for show and was loyal to queen Margheth the first
I don't see how
I can assure you it's enforced in other places in the country
After tax you have around 19000kr left, which is 1800 EUROs
Or maybe he'd be the product of stagecoach sex
We will never agree
Not unless they'd rather become clients of China, which is borderline treachery
“got it back from the danes” as if it wasn’t part of the homeland of the danes since before the swedish people existed
shit jeg kunne godt spise en salatpizza med kebab lige nu
There, to identify cars from different countries.
The West coast of the Black Sea has always been a crazy ethnic patchwork
It might geographically be further away, but we speak the language and are familiar with the culture(s), so I'd not say that California is far and exotic, no
I love how taunting the Swedes is the great Nordic pastime that unites us all
In DK our metro has a similar white asthetic, but man that righ there is just on another level
"Hey hon, have you seen Hades or Baal recently
I was 10 years old when I started to receive English lessons in school, but that was in the 80'es
Not really, just well trained ravens.
No, the reason the UK is leaving is because varying government have systematically stripped the country to the bone in a decade-long ideological crusade, and blamed the EU for it.
[Danes can be a little obsessive]
I've looked at it and am pretty confused
Attacking Prussia in 1864
Like you gotta ask yourself, would they ever sell the beer in cans, where it is practically only possible to serve it in one pour, if it "ruined the beer".
"The bridge was up" is common in Copenhagen if you are transporting to or from Amager
Chocolate manufacturers should use this for advertisement, ending it with "This is probably just a coincidence, but the great taste certainly isn't."
I am just fond of Austria
Hmm, I think that's a bit of a simplification
And the idea that humanities are somehow all "easy" subjects, which many on there seem to think, is honestly ridiculous and snobbish - and the same with RUC somehow being easy or a worse university than others
Our fellow Nordic brethren are always welcome here in Denmark
It was called the Muhammed-crisis
My favorite activity is traveling abroad
No cause the French ones, Dutch ones, Canadian ones and Australian ones would probably run them very similarly to the way they are now.
Decades ago, that was what it was famous for, but now, meh
It's a way of voting with your feet.
i get them mixed up all the time
There is a big difference between being charged and convicted.
I don't like Putin or the current Russian Regime, but I wish to remind people, once again, that this action was undertaken on the basis of a rumor for which we still have no evidence, propagated by the CIA, who are known for being incredibly untrustworthy.
But that is also a old generation, that lived closer to the time, when the Hungarians were in charge
I struggle with learning languages and generally learning due to a bad ADHD
Agreed, but we'd never get them to do that
Isn't shooting yourself in the head a more painless and quicker way to commit suicide?
It's made a bit complicated by the history of FIFA, though
And take money away from the gangs
It usually ends in a bloody hand and many regrets that day after as your hand will turn blue because of the repeated slamming into a table
WW2 showed that financial assistance and democracy was a good idea (Marshall plan) and that gobbling up sovereign nations and enforcing your ideology on them (what the USSR did) was a bad one in the long term
something in Polish
Moesgaard is number one for me too, but If I should choose one in Copenhagen (where I'm from), it would be Glyptoteket because it is such a beautiful place
Guys, I think we ruined wrong country in Gulf War
That's why it's so awkward when you occasionally spot an actually genuinely aggro banter merchant on reddit (both sides, people), talk about missing the point, it's the online equivalent of going studs first into a tackle during a casual five-a-side in the park
I’d say it’s mostly banter though
Ah, so the fact that Greeks and Turks differ on rather essential points is unimportant, yes
How can you feel safe living there
The second Hobbit movie, the Desolation of Smaug, was translated into Danish as *Dragen Smaugs Ødemark*, which is literally "The Dragon Smaug's wasteland". It always struck me as such a weird thing - for one, it's an incredibly prosaic and wordy title, but why did they need to specify that Smaug was, in fact, a dragon
The former are a tiny collection of isles in the Atlantic, the latter incredibly cold and infertile and mostly uninhabitable
Man, I liked that story
Anyone pretending he's only one or the other simply don't know what they're talking about.
Also, I've yet to find a perfect translation for "ærger" (jeg ærger mig)
To me it sounded like an angry rebuttal (e.g. "*how dare you make a light-hearted comparison out of this terrible man
>Denmark: I wouldn't change a thing
So do we
Edit: I don't know if it was clear that what he stole was a sword which was part of the statue
I understand it perfectly
Denmark kind of kept Norway as a fiefdom for 600 years or so, and we had the poor taste of calling it a "Union", which it wasn't exactly
Nope
Iirc we have more salmonella in pigs than chickens
> People who say American flag-use is excessive obviously have never been to Denmark
Soldiers
But this is misdirected skepticism
Movies like "Rejsen til Saturn" and "Terkel i Knibe" were really popular when they came out
I really like the Spanish girls name “Dulcinea” which i first met in the book “Don Quixote”.
Just red and white, simple and beautiful
Bassicly when you get a shitty winter like we just had in the area, you get a hot as fuck summer
Good ol' Middelfart
I also have a feeling that 'this late in the game' universal healthcare is doomed to fail in the US at this time because people's opinions and behaviors are already set and their mind is made up
We're a very small country
I dont know what is wrong with that government
Don’t mix Danish viking history with Norwegian
No way
Perhaps your friends in Sweden met someone who for the first time had to use English at work and maybe was shy or something
Well the war following the Stockholm bloodbath is in Sweden called something like "The Swedish Indepence War" or "The Swedish Freedom War", while in Denmark it is just called "The Danish-Swedish War" or something similar
Very saying though, that I suggest a well-known Islamophobe and your reaction is to suggest the spokesperson for Islamisk trossamfund
I think that depends on what socialistic line of thought you follow, but yah it often is.
I have yet to meet a non-Hungarian Romanian, who understands Hungarian
7 out of 10 Venstre voters supported Obama over Mc Cain and 8 out of 10 Conservative voters supported Obama over Mc Cain.
He succeeded his father, Frederick the V., who was a drunkard and had been neglectful of his duties himself
How about the Vatican
Snabel A, which means trunky A - like the trunk of an elephant
Well, I happen to live really close to Moesgaard Museum - which is a great archeological museum.
Same in Danish except the second one
I hope not, that's grounds for execution in old-USA
Well Norway was part of either Sweden or Denmark for a long time
Legoland in Billund, Denmark
mostly things are just licensed to America and not Europe
Sorry
>Stk
He's the true thrillmaster extraordinaire, at the center of all of our hearts
And strangely enough, most commercial airlines do not operate regular routes to and from warzones.
Like Disneyland
It's like when you are writing something and you reach the edge of the paper so you gotta bend what you are writing it a bit downwards
There are 13 parties
There are still remants of the old city wall/fortress tells us something about how the city has grown, wars, our enemies, military history, kings
yay growth
He was exiled from Tibet by the chinese government, which is trying to erase tibetan culture by having millions of ethnic han people immigrate to Tibet.
But depending on where I did it, I was either in the minority or majority
But it is only something we do when talking to Swedes and Norwegians to mess with them.
Also I guess you can prohibit discrimination in certain contexts
It would probably work like the British Commonwealth, with the two nations still remaining separate, but would be interesting
Thats why its a nice option, as in you dont have to, but you can
MEPs don't have the staff assigned to do detailed calculations on stuff like this, so they're supposed to write what they want (e.g. standardize x) and then the Commission (which does have the extremely competent staff) throws something actually workable together and bounces it back to the MEPs, who either accept it or ask the Commission to change something
Imagine if the water outside that dam is just a meter higher than on the inside, and the dam then breaking somewhere
Legend has it that our king was drunk while doing it
I have heard these vikings being claimed as danish, Norwegian and Swedish
As I told you, it is as recognized as it is going to get in Denmark.
... you just posted /s
Plus Danish is constantly mocked by other Scandinavians
Volapük? Er det en by i Rusland
Foreign policy is very much still decided on by the Prime Minister.
Well they are, not even reaching into gender identety and whether you believe in that, you can easily have someone with the full geneset of a girl but with a penis.
Conscription is also mandatory here in Denmark (only for men), but almost all spots are taken by volunteers, so it is only a very small number who is "forced in" each year - and it is only four months
It could also be from Kristianstad maybe
Which is a myth of course
That area also used to be made up of smaller states, duchies and what have you.
Til nogen begynder at bygge
If you use Android, you are free to choose whatever brand phone, tablet, computer you want and they will all have more or less the same OS
"Krebinetter" or "karbonader".
>Hey, if you give me €20 I'll give you €50" and you'd say "BUT I WANT TO SPEND THE €20 ON MYSELF".
I would usually look to my dad, and he would try to discreetly nod or shake his head, to let me know how to respond
So the organized crime gangs use these instead
That's one aspect of the US I've always found
Fuck you're right
And just in Copenhagen
The news will report if they think there will be snow on Christmas and that's also kind of a big deal
Although not after the EU has dictated this aspect of course
Nuclear power totals 66
Breivik was a direct consequence of muslim immigration.
The best representation of what actually happened
Germany is the fourth largest economy in the world.
I'm talking about the kinds of wounds you see when you search for gun wound in google images
Just googled it
Da jeg ankom på stationen, bemærkede jeg, at jeg ikke var stået af det rigtige sted
It should be to serve German (and European through EU) interests.
I was just going from the homes I've been in over the years.
It gets dark at around 15:00 anyways
I run into it almost weekly
&#x200B;
Thousands of years in the future, we will ban it because religion wont exist by then.
I tried to explain to her that that was the extreme *bare minimum* for a lot of jobs, at least in the field I wanted to get into, which was why I was taking my Master's at the time
However most of the succeses of welfare nations is due to the fact that capitalism is a very flexible system and allows for divergence and market manipulation to a degree
I feel bad for them
It seems like people in you're city/canton whatever can vote on whether foreigners should get Swiss citizenship or not on a case by case basis.
When I let google auto-finish, I get:
You'll get by just fine speaking English.
Ah, so this is why COVID is still a huge issue
I've noticed a lot of people running around exercising
A moderate republican (who is actually a successfull Business man and Christian), might be something they are looking for
It was not just corruption and criminal behavior, but down right ineptitude and willfully neglect that lost billions of taxes.
Well if I am to believe Reddit everyone American's grandpa is a nazi memorabilia collector, this kid just went the next step and found a whole plane...
It just means hi/bye
I'm tired of having to pirate shows
Mildly annoying yet adorable
Besides these questionnaires are often done by phone, so it isn't the person who answers who put down their own answers but someone else
Thanks for the cool bonus trivia
“Let’s get concrete”, and “Concretely I mean
Only thing I identify with is my social circle
There is a drop-down menu below the "create new post" button
Gym memberships - like lifting weights and running on threadmills are for a "Fitness Center".
He was what is known as a thrill tourist.
Bullying [Sweden] is [where it’s at]
I also feel like you guys remind me of the UK in terms of housing
And I don't think it's something the region should prioritize right now
In Denmark its pretty dying
There's absolutely no "fun" about it
Must be all those volcanoes and hot pools spilling all that CO2 to the atmosphere.
500€ eg
Night trains and high-speed trains usually have mandatory seat reservations, which must be paid on top of the normal price
Stay safe, mate
Does that *really* qualify as 'cultural difference'?
Every year some news media will always make a short article about ridiculous new names that made it to the list that year
But I'm not one to tell you what to decorate your home with
I really don't want Malmø.
First time I traveled alone with my buddy
If I want to go see cottages and rural stuff, I'd go to Devon or something
Alle andre er socialist hippier når man Vestjyde
We have J-day (short for Christmas Day) and P-day (short for Easter Day)
\*1238 Flashbacks\*
Pretty sure it's the same here
So yeah, if you only focus on the issues on which leftists are more tolerant, then they are more tolerant
Also, they're only *exploring the possibility*
As we're rounding off this year, and readying ourselves for the future, I want to, on behalf of all the moderators, just once more wish you a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year
I resent this (but pretty much)
Aah yes Occitania is the new Italiá !
Our former PM Lars Løkke Rasmussen once dropped this golden nugget in a parliamentary debate:
They have around 500,000 employees worldwide and thus one of the largest companies in the world measuered by number of employees
Is this like a regular segment on the news or something
Even Danes have it tough with genders
It's nice to be able to look out of the windows rather than just see a dark reflection of yourself
I would move abroad (again) for family but not for work
That is simply not true, which memorial days
Yep, between checking out of hotel/hostel/whatever, getting to the airport/station, waiting for departure, actually travelling, arriving at the new city, getting your bearings, figuring out how public transportation works, figuring out where your hotel/hostel/wherever is, going there, checking in, dropping off your stuff, finding a place to eat and so on, and just being tired, you really end up doing nothing else with that day.
Well
Of course those event organizers *could* say no but then they'd get called out for being racist or sexist so they don't really have a choice.
She told the BamS: "It can not be that women feel they can not leave the house because they are afraid.
the issue is mainly that immigrants are humans too and their lives also matter.
Can anyone remind me what Böhmermann (now permanently) is prohibited from saying about the Turkish leader?
In fact, it isn't even Old High German - it's Middle High German, in many ways more similar to modern German than PG
It's weird because most Danes I know think the Americans are overdoing it
Roxette
In the winter it is often just me and my buds hanging out in the weekends or when we are working out together
No economic sanctions are needed.
You know you want it back baby
Because terror attacks by Muslims push people to the right and further anti Muslim sentiment.
Huvudvärk (Swedish) = headache
The main problem is that no, many of the asylum seekers are not refugees at all.
Along with Brittany it is the last remnants of pre-saxon Britain
It's a private matter
That sounds exactly like the entrance to my house in Denmark.
I was joking about Schulz, i just wish that Denmark stay out of a European Federation by all means.
) by one or two wars
Now the mayor of Copenhagen has also stepped down because several accusations have been made about how gross he’s been towards female colleagues for over 20 years
> organized an attack on our embassy
And as of a few weeks ago, I'm 15 minutes from the new metro line, which gives me easy access to everywhere in Copenhagen
The parents are trying to teach you what you need to know when you do eventually move out
It's pretty difficult to make a case that the first country to legalize porn and officially recognize same sex unions is above average "narrow-minded".
The military has stated that JROTC will inform young Americans about the opportunities available in the military and "may help motivate young Americans toward military service.
Og vi beholder hende indtil, at Esben Holmboe Bang flytter Maaemo hjem til København
As far as I am concerned, speaking another language fluently, is all about acting
Norway is like the pseudo-twin to Denmark; exploring the west together while Sweden headed east
This also reminds me of Iceland and Norway
It's just the English name for it
In Denmark such a law would be political suicide.
USA in the flair
Are you guys allowed to leave your house yet
It will probably divide the waters; But first of all, there are a lot of immigrant shops
To be blunt, those are just not very useful answers.
And then the concept was bought by STV and it aired in Sweden in 1997
Same with me and German, I'd always use English words in the German oral exams
That really depends on what people in their minds put in front or after the sentence "haven't heard of".
Nope
throw me a message if you neef some help
There were a song comparing those preferring raisin to Hitler
But besides that
Yes, and we will hire Disney/Marvel to make our propaganda, with the Little Mermaid and Thor, and you will love us for it.
The establishment of the welfare state is thus not the feat of socialists
Yes, but he's still a character in a fairy tale
Only trying to be constructive here but I found the latter half of the survey degenerating into bad comedy and very close-ended answers.
Well the rest of the world already confuse us, so we might as well do it.
That's part of a long running debate regarding our blasphemy law.
PUB G by Branco
That's because English unlike most other languages likes to use words that doesn't describe e.g. the item well
First floor is the one above ground floor
Strangers spoke to me
Also sad to read even the R&D base is moving from the UK because of it
Accents, sure a little bit
The standard F size bottles you often get as a deal with a hotdog just go down too quickly, I usually go for a G size to accompany my hotdog and pay extra
Apart from -ll, what things do you think are out of the ordinary in Icelandic
Years of failed city planning
By law you have to be 18 in Denmark.
The situation there after is what matters.
Hey that looks awesome
No, they were paid for by taxes
#German loli girl
intense, drinking culture, we look at drugs like something unproductive jobless people partake in
I had to leave because several people came over to me and demanded I pay
Overall less snow (and then more extreme outliers)
I would definitely say Aarhus and Copenhagen are best for life sciences, but if you want to do something life science engineering, it's worth to consider Aalborg too
I'm pretty sure we all spoke the same language at one point, but I'm not 100% sure on it
I mean, Denmark has built up quite a rivalry with Ireland ever since we (the Danes) drew them in the World Cup Qualifying Playoffs in 2017
A bit surprised it isn't an EU wide ban
Ray Charles vision
Reminds me of Wienerbrød (Viennabread), only we call it that apparently, everywhere else it's a Danish
For most other areas in technology it would be DTU
Effort will probably be made towards discouraging formation of ghettos and parallel society so that all areas of the country will be majority, if not danish then at least majority people who identify as danish and steps could be taken to ensure this.
When did you go there
New innovative charging technologies might be one such thing
Denmark has the smallest defense industry of all the north and it functions primarily in radar and sensor equipment.
Otherwise there is no way theyd get so much damage from GDPR that theyd feel the need to do that
We don't even need central power plants for stability any more
Only when you wait 50 years and annex the country in the personal union it becomes one country.
Always happy to help, please send vodka.
But Americans who do this often claim to have some *connection* to this country that they've never been to and whose language and culture they know nothing about.
Don't make Serbia out to be some kind of innocent victim here
All indoor public spaces, just to clarify
PART I
The government needs to take measures to keep the population healthy to keep spending down from hospitals
I have never in my entire life had to pay a bribe and i have never met anyone that has done it either.
That's some downright strange servertalk
My big sister moved out when she was 18 too, because she got at job
Currently sitting naked with all windows open, because there is no wind, so the warmth isn't being pushed out
What are they then
Seeing that you mention Ireland, and the fact that you mention the football games against Denmark, I'm assuming you are Irish
Haha, half your language is already Danish.
Also beautiful houses of those who profitted from this can be found around the city
I saw a local guy get beaten by police once but that was in Tunisia so that doesn't count
One year we went abroad 5 times, 1 trip to Germany and 4 to sweden
My girlfriend is a foreign student attending CBS
I really like the guy, but how can he be in every movie, be a businessman on the side, work out every day for hours and STILL get enough sleep to remember scripts and be in an anabolic state while still have a relationship with his kids
I've noticed a lot of american companies (not excluding european, though) doing unacceptable things to make the chinese market happy
That's exactly the comment I was looking for
Here, there would be guards circling around to see if you’re cheating
Come back for a visit, once corona is over
Crazy how these small countries tries to overtake a giant nation like Russia
* Tørskind (Litterally translates to "Dryskin")
non germanic) language
Christian IX ordered D G Monrad to declare that we surrendered but he refused, and eventually Monrad just started shouting (much like in Der Untergang) that the Danes would fight to the very last man
Was even more surpriced to see a (Japanese) man clad in full SS uniform calmly chatting with the store clerk.
and in my comment i wasnt talking about people actually living in the country where they speak with that accent, i meant people who had been in England/Australia once on vacation, and now think they can pull the accent off flawlessly
Moresgaard is amazing
You're right it was the public dissection that made them go bananas
In christania you'll find people of all ages as well
Some people in Denmark thinks you crush your kammerjunker when eating koldskål or you don't put them in first, but that's because they are mistaken them for tvebakker
That sounds absurd, but I know it happened
So German would be an easy first pick
I hope you wrote it with a glint of humour in your eyes, and if not then I'm sorry for laughing dear neighbour
I was not stating my own opinion
But surprise, there are no actual numbers associated with this
Open session in Parliament
That consistency could be a problem when you were learning British english in class, but picking up American english vocabulary from tv
Okay, maybe not outright not intelligent, but his (probably religious) parents were nearby
Though, now we're at it, I'd like to address that, no, Danes don't inherently understand Norwegian and Swedish better than Norwegians and Swedes understand Danish, as some people seem to think
I wonder who was the first brave soul that started uttering blasphemies in a way that it caught on
So as a kid I always had to sort of either look at (or ask) my parents, or pick out words and hope I got the gist of what he was saying  thank god for youtube being able to help us disporia kids expirence some nostalgia and hopefully get better at understanding
Also # of jets is not a key figure, # of operational ones are
Singapore has China and Mongolia, plus a few others as well
It will be more than a decade late
Only know this happened because Copenhagen city hall said no to moving one In the end they did move it Danish articles.
Here is the original Danish Tuborg Christmas in [can] or [bottle]
Good luck ever complying with article 49, only states in Europe can actually join the EU.
Federalisation is not reformation.
We're already ahead of EU rules on several things that other countries still don't live up to.
Just like reading Danish
My youngest brother who is 15 years younger than me stayed home until he started at university and had to move
If I don't like it, I buy another
Free world class healtcare, free schools and universities, high pay, wide and strong social security rate - probably
This one is told in a mix of Danish and German:
To my knowledge he wants to privatize it, not make everyone pay for their own health care by private insurance.
It doesn't specify it applies for Greenland and the Faroe Islands
Lets hope thats an O and not an A.
Russians eat ice cream all year round
It's not the only factor, but distance helps isolating people, making it possible for different languages to develop
normally, most people wouldn't really think of Scotland as a separate entity.
We took more slaves than France, you guys, Spain or Portugal (can’t remember which), and the US
Ironically this event was also what cost the Danish Monarchy the last bit of real political power that they had
France, southern and Eastern Europe works differently than the central and north.
Sparkling water tastes like TV Static
There's also a terrible Steven Seagal movie I can't remember the name of where the evil terrorists are Danish for some reason
I basically cannot make myself address someone by their last name so when I first meet someone I hope intensely I won't need to say their name
If I didn't speak English I could probably understand some of it, but I think it would be like German or Dutch to me
Plus, it's more fun to play "spot the Swede" than "spot yet another Brit/American".
It's a viral ad campaign from our biggest anti cancer organisation.
Squirrel
Relentlessly so
I love Spain's "I'm *so* tired of this shit
But then we went to Bali for a couple of months and we (the parents) only spoke English to other people, so the kids caught up and soon understood everything
Yes, the the government's ability and willingness to crack down on the Guardian over the Snowden saga surely proves this beyond a doubt.
Parallel to this, there was a strong schlager tradition from the 70s up until today which in Danish is called Dansktop music
We've only got a few universities in little Denmark
Why do people that defend Russia or Drumpf always uses the word muh
So Nederlandene is the sucky/shitty countries.
spanish nouns has gender too, i'm sure that goes for a bunch of languages
There are also stories of him leapfrogging over foreign dignitaries, when they bowed to him
Especially because of the money I save on other tickets, since my parents live in another part of the country
The precise line might be drawn a bit differently, but if you want to be absolute about it, then your precious USA doesn't have free speech either.
Zealand is the english spelling
That's not obligatory in Denmark, but possible to select when part of the STX (Follow up on primary school) gymnasium here
The fact that he's called Edward really gives it away that they probably just wanted to make a movie about the Brits, but went with Danes because it seemed a more "likely" scenario
My favorite activity is traveling abroad
It was just before Christmas
When inevitably we go to fight the Swedes you can have the honor of fighting at our side.
Mutti, don't leave us
when learning German we have history in German class where we are taught German history in the German language
Oh we do
We hear about harassment, vandalism etc.
I see what you did there
Yet still very far from anything that can be described as "most" as the OP seems to suggest.
So it runs in very few upper-class families where you inherit and are taught that’s it’s a good thing to have, while the general population just don’t care that much
It’s a pretty fun/easy job and the pay is absolurely crazy here
It was very, very painful, felt like my lungs were being squeezed with an iron fist, and I did not pass out.
The deceiving headline that is intended to make people believe that this is something that just happened is an indication of the motivation
"Båtnakker" - "båt" is more of a sound than an actual word
Yeah, I was bummed because I just lost THE GAME and now this
> Varkaus= theft
The most known Danish song is probably 7 Years by Lukas Graham though
I started wearing hiking boots everyday for I never knew where my feet would take me
That list, though, is rather more damning
Greece has seen a GDP drop and, lower living standards and rising unemployment and taxation.
Ah, the modern way of culturing pure yeast was developed in Denmark, but that's about it
Denmark is just basically EU skeptics and have aligned their geopolitics completely with the US (more or less).
For example, to me, people from Copenhagen or Nordsjælland have a very strong accent that I find hard to not take note off whenever I hear them speak, whereas people from say, Aarhus or Esbjerg don't (and Im not from either of those places, btw)
i still have marks from my mums stilettos from years ago
When I am done with online school in about 2 hours I'll grab my bike and go for a ride
But as I mentioned, this was a subject we discussed amongst our group of exchange students attending schools in the city, and my school was not seen as an outlier
While most others were a lot less obvious, it’s still been pretty clear to me that there are plenty of people who have certain expectations when it comes to Germans, or specific associations
Well
Swedes wont stand a chance
It was the same with Ruth Bader Ginsburg
my summerhouse was nice
Not sure what the period is usually defined as in France, but probably earlier than 1509
In my bones, but just a whisper behind that, i feel nordic
They tried to purchase hard liquor, were asked for ID and provided it
I thought an Italian would be able to see the smart in reducing the amount of African refugees arriving on Italian shores by invensting in the African countries.
Are you really bragging that a country 12 times bigger is doing a little bit more on totals?
You have to have pretty shitty views of the Chinese to see that as racist I'd say.
It's a fantastic show, definitely
Our toilet water is so clean that you can drink it
I can't believe ~~80~~50,5% of the Turkish population in Denmark voted *for* the current regime
Nowadays it’s slightly difficult to pinpoint where somebody is from based on the dialect given that it’s considered to be uncool to speak in dialect (at least in the younger generation)
You need to start puzzling around with your phone, keys, whatever, without saying a thing
Don't you think that would feel somewhat undemocratic to the 80 million Germans, if they could be overruled by the 8 million citizens of Switzerland?
The polls accounted for the electoral college.
&#x200B;
Can confirm
Scrapping the peg is no longer such a frightening thing, and considering Norway and Sweden free floats its currency, Denmark could do the same
If I remember correctly there are some 155 different banks in this relatively small nation.
No, the giver paid for it
It's uncommon not to speak English in Denmark too, since we learn from such an early age
There are 0 reasons to not invest
I don't much about Danish forestry . But the Ministry of Environment and Food of Denmark have a report (Danish) about the current state of our national forest program
Wether a The birkes is a pastry or bun
Can anyone tell me how Scotland is not breaking EU freedom of movement of English students by doing this
I can see why Greeks feel like every choice sucks for them.
Don't let him fool you with kind words
Our anti-vaxxers have a special fixation on the [HPV vaccine]
Not to mention reading Norwegian is easy as fuck for us Danes
If you ask the average Dane about Estonia he wouldn't have much to say besides communism and being close to Russia.
Jeg er nordvest jyde
It does not speak very positively of circumcision at all
The Danish providers have already stated that if fixed EU roaming prices becomes a reality they are going to increase prizes for everyone in Denmark.
now, the officer then took the passport, went directly over to an officer with a bigger fancier hat than him and gave him the passport
At the moment, we both just have a single land border to the south
That would be those exceptional circumstances I mentioned
Sod off Sweden, go play with your highest number of deaths per capita in Europe
One thing to consider, is that dentist visits are 100% subsidized until you are 18 years where after you have to pay yourself
On any sub that's dominated by Americans you'll feel "alienated" quite often from my experience
On the way there the bus was pulled over by police and everyone checked
Carlbergium yeast that stabilised beer production around the world
Meanwhile, with guns it's just pulling a trigger and you roll the dice
He's refering to particulates from diesel
At the same time the market price of things like grain skyrocketed, so without appointing merchants to ship grain there, they would have no reason to do so
I'm in the middle of maybe getting a Swedish citizenship (back), since my mother was a Swedish citizen when I was born, and I might have just lost it back when I turned 22
*Put some whiteøl in your cup*
* "Gå agurk" ( Go cucumber) - Go amok
Whether these legal concerns are valid   will   probably only be known if the matter is determined in a court  of  law   .....Neonatal male circumcision has no medical indication
If that many birds died, the ground around windmills would be littered with bird carcasses
But if Cameron would have labeled the referendum as a non-binding opinionpoll on a important matter, instead of stating that the referendum would be binding, then everything could have been very different?
There was simply nothing of value on Iceland, and they could barely support living there
Not the wisest thing to say in an airport
What we today call a declaration of war
It's like if your entire country had to vote on your city's specific laws.
I would be surprised to find anyone who knows we were in Bosnia and have something to do with shipping.
It would be many more efficient ways to raise fertility rates, e.g.
But good point that the entertainment goes both ways.
Edit: the specific case of the giraffe apparently was Copenhagen zoo
For 1kr you can't really buy anything
It's not inaudible, it's incomprehensible
It's small enough that it generally can't do serous harm to the world as a whole.
If you count districts in cities, it’s most certainly [Freetown Christiania] though
Exactly
There are many homeless romas in my area and they often go into our courtyard to roam through our garbage if the main gate isn’t shut
Aha I wouldn't bat an eye to a construction worker drinking a regular beer
Vai Amor by Gilli, its a dope rap track that absolutely blew up in Denmark, but probably won’t get international recognition
Right now bookmakers give her a 20% chance of winning the presidency, with Macron around 70%.
For crime novels the "[Department Q] series by Jussi Adler-Olsen is quite popular, but for non-fiction I would recommend "[The ISIS Hostage] ("Ser du månen, Daniel") by Puk Damsgård
Economists agree that a continues surplus is indicative of a problem.
People took down the blackout curtains that had been there for 5 years and went into the streets to celebrate
For example, Kaj & Andrea
Just getting the population to support constructing one was difficult, but 10 at the same time
I'll meet you out of the front of your parliament building to sign the required documents..
That's the sort of issue what I was referring to
Fuck
What about people who go to work early
U can pay with euro bills everywhere in denmarks, its illegal to refuse.
Probably why I equate the smell of pine with summer
But you will get to see beautiful spring in April and May
You are cute when you are excited
In the US, public transport is mostly for the poor, from what I know
Godt at i kunne få noget regn :)
Obviously, you guys are enjoyable
It's filled with small islands and lots of beatiful nature
We share very little with southern part of europe, and for many years southern part have been very corrupt.
That's because we like bikes more than mopeds
If they're going off to university 50 km away for example, they'll likely want to move out instead of having to do that trip twice a day
I'm almost sure you get the same in Germany since it's a very well defined international standard for Nurses.
Agreed, but we'd never get them to do that
Spanking people with twigsis done around Easter here too, humon comic explianing it:
*Denmark has entered the chat*: Hold my beer
In the past Denmark has had a lot of trouble attracting foreign cash, and no foreign powers wanted Danish kroner, (the complete opposite today, but that is story for another day).
I have plenty of those, from both my mother's and my father's side (Rona is on my father's)
It was also for Danish girls who dated or married Nazi soldiers
Accshully, Well is strictly better than Rock (wins and loses against the same things as Rock, plus beats Rock) so if you play with Well, you should never choose Rock
Do you mean Fynen-Jutland-Germany
You just have to be aware of the way people act when you do - if they are clearly not in the mood / don't have time, then drop it (they won't tell you this unless you really crossed the line and missed all their cues, BTW, you have to look at body language or how they answer you), otherwise, you are good
This article is from the 29th of October
>You can vote in our own elections
That's some cyperpunk city right there
And even that  pretty much just in winter
You guys were added to Europe since Eurovision.
We simply had two teachers standing at a board, telling us about historical events pertaining to their chosen event/subject matter
Nynorsk is more difficult
Also this is r/europe
That is, it's rooted in Germanic but transliterated into Latin spelling
The canadians and the danes figured out the proper way to do war
Typhoid Mary's whole thing was that she was a symptom free carrier
The man has been thrown out of EL for his extremely hard opinion on women this man his more dangerous
Add to that an occasional pizza or other fastfood/take-out.
Everything you just proposed is sacrilege to a German.
I think you misunderstand, I dislike nationalists who would sell out their country and people to the highest bidder.
The Coldplay song "Yellow" has the line "your skin and bones" which sound like "jeg sked en bums" (I shat a pimple) in Danish
Our statesminister has for a couple days since announced new coronarestrictions out
Regarding there being too many people, I think that can depend on where you go in the city
>Kriget (Denmark)
You can’t blame those who weren’t born
The southernmost part og the red region is a part of Denmark.
Eat fish oil
didn't look like the MIG 21
Russian honestly
Oh he didn't do it as a joke
I have never been a member of a union, and I don't think many of my colleagues are either
Well, that first one is wrong
And come when you ask and they have a spot.
That's just cursed
But the 'tocsin of world revolution' (to use a 19th century expression) will always flow from somewhere, and this somewhere _can_ very well become Denmark
Sure, Europeans travel a lot (within Europe and outside), and a lot of people travel to Europe.
The acts granting self-governing status are legally "normal" Danish laws within the constitutional framework
Danes tend to overuse "that" in sentences
If I can answer on behalf of another country, [this] parody of [Drank en Drugs] is an absolute banger
But there are other (sub)principles for dividing ocean resources than strictly following the median line
Also they're called "sutter" (pacifiers or suckers) and they are all handed an inconvienient amount of necklaces with [this candy] on it
On places like youtube, i dont follow any danish channels
Spain: nice and long vacation by the beach
edit: And also because: Fuck German genders
As if they'd ever learn Croatian, Danish or Dutch before visiting those countries.
Have you heard yourself haha
In my experience even some young Germans will be very offended about any jokes about Nazi Germany and the Germans having been Nazis
Its a hairy problem fur real
Deporting every muslim from Denmark
He tought his dog to eat [tofu]
Serbia was ethnically cleansing its population, someone needed to do something
Be Swedish, build ship, name it after favorite knäckebröd
That's so obvious
Had to scroll 9 rows of images down to find something that isn't completely ridiculous.
&#x200B;
Because we stated in Slovenia and Croatia and me and my mates do care about balkan politics we had plenty of discussions throughout our trip.
As someone that spends half his life in Australia, this is a daily conversation we seem to have, what is an actual refugee and what is an economic migrant.
But the drone is *in the picture
I dont like him either guys but shouldnt we lay off him
If something suspicious pops up like no utilities used at one apartment but the water and electricity bill at another has increased this warrants an investigation.
except a lot of that is true its just not everywhere in sweden dipshit
Finland doesn't count as a Scandinavian country
No clue who downvotes you but it wasn't me.
Don’t know about that
I'm late AGAIN
The shit going on there just seems scary.
there's a good rationale for the EU to ensure the UK is in a worse position than when it was a member,
105% tax on the first 84600 dkr.
Nope but on this sub we seem to be the minority at times.
Rude
That left the court to be dominated by power struggles between the councillors who wanted to rule instead of the king
It is available in Denmark - I have seen it in apartments, and my parents old house had it as well
English and one of those other languages are mandetory in ground school
"Oil is just a fad"
But to be a little biased I think the Danish ones are beautiful in the simplistic way, with big bold letters and numbers
We basically learned that we had the west indies but I clearly remember it describe like we were "the good guys" and it was more a "cooperation", and then our "great king" made slavery illegal as the first country in the world
Merrild kaffe best everyday coffee in Denmark
Luxembourgish: Very little, can guess the sentences from some keywords in the sentences
Not just christianity though, also islam, buddhism etc
I'm not sure about the prices for that
If I happen to be the last person on the bus at the last stop on the line, I'll say thanks/good night, but when I'm just doing my regular commute, trying to make it to my train, the last thing I'm thinking about is saying thanks to the bus driver: I just want to move along
You're messing up cardinal and ordinal numbers
They have some much cultural influence, so many alliances, wars, colonial time etc
Almost looked like this wouldn't become a thing, its good to see at least one part of the Americas is not attached to the anti-trade populist nonsense.
All four parties in the US are too far-right for me.
What's with Finland and ":D"?
All in all i had a very interesting experience with this ‘practise work’ which i did for 3 days
I don't care about the Latin languages, but if Danish sounded a bit more like Norwegian then that would nice
At least transfer funds is a good means of keeping up the pressure
Turkey - Tyrkiet
Which was way too much
It is certainly not true
This form of ownership makes "danmark" a non-profit-making organisation
For the last two years I haven't had nearly the same problems as with Postdanmark in the past or GLS now
And the german media likes Merkel, so she wont get any real criticism.
Don't randomly talk to people in public or take the seat next to theirs
To me, Finnish sounds super exotic and interesting - as does, say Mandarin, yet of course to a native Mandarin speaker, there is nothing particularly fantastical about Xinjiang or Guangyuan
Same
[In Danish Lutheran churches, it usually goes a lot like this] mind the piss-ugly modern church though, couldn't find good footage from a more traditional one), where everyone has a book of hymns
Almost Every Region/Island has it's own Dialect
* Possum = pungegern ("pouch squirrel", though one species is called "pouch fox")
We rely on the civil servents act (funktionærloven), which is also really good, giving us at least 5 weeks vacation and so on
I’ve heard in Germany kids still have to learn to write with fountain pens
scenes when 2nd place is Ireland
That is long, rip the Greeks
The same ones
* Italy: Same with Italy with food and football as well
Cuba, North Korea, Vietnam and Laos isn't even top 10
It was not until 1814 when Sweden grabbed Norway that Greenland, Iceland and the Faroe Islands ended up as Danish territory, prior to that it was considered part of the Norwegian sphere of interest.
>Curaçao and St
Down boy, down
> If hey both pull knives, chances are they both bleed to death before any help comes, unless one of them is much more skilled
Like pant in Denmark, I guess
By "here" I meant in Denmark
Late night show humor being funny?
I heard they were everywhere
I need help on finding information on the agriculture and CAP in Europe
For both Greenland and the Faroes, independence is a silly and unfeasible idea, but that doesn't stop both countries from going on and on about it while continuing to enjoy the financial support from Denmark that they need to keep going
It was first when it dawned on the Eurocrats that it was either stopping the flow of migrants or the collapse of the union that they came to their senses.
Exploiting any system for personal profit is frowned upon whoever you are.
I wanna thank them for their cultural and historic contribution
Genuinly curious
"Vemod" or to be "vemodig" is a curious Danish word that describes a sort of happy sad feeling
I’ve had 6 deaths within 7 years, two of them quite tragic
Honestly, I think the Balkans are too poor and too sparsely populated to support a high-speed rail network at the moment
Many of those women have openly revealed their experiences to the media, they just haven’t given any names
the whole "bad teenager having sex and/or drinking" thing in either horror movies or teen dramas doesn't really work here
I heard a great analogy of what UK wanted
He's Swedish, wife's Danish, affirmative
It’s to hot here in Denmark
:-(
I wonder which country makes those
No, people aren't instantly associated with Stalin and Pol Pot the moment they criticize an aspect of a European capitalist-centered society
Even though Denmark still depend on those (coal, biomass and gas) there are periods where the Danish grid rely solely on import and decentral generation (e.g. wind and solar)
Is a walk in nature free
Besides Sweden regarding pretty much everything, I think The Netherlands in being liberal.
The joke being that even in Denmark we don't do that
When the Øresund freezes we are gonna come
It's certainly-- challenging
Is The Auld Alliance about to be reinstated
Ive only ever visited one country at a time before with a set returndate (and also usually inside EU).
I think it's more a matter of blowing out pointless greenhouse gasses rather than fuel shortage
Except for other danes
^ That's why
* " Hellere styr på lortet end lort på styret" (rather have control on your/the shit, then shit on the controlled) - It means that you should rather know your/the shitshow, then let the shitshow get out of control
Now make a transparent pasta drink glass
It is absolutely not, where have you gotten that idea?
I think the closest thing to it was "tyskerpiger" which translates to German girls
Also, risdansk gave me a little laugh ;)
Most: Anything we are better than the Swedes at.
Poland and Hungary are putinizing
That literally means "not without", as in the sense of "nothing beyond (that)", e.g. *only*.
Isaac's Square
Protesting is fine, it's part of your rights as an American, rioting is not.
>I mean, no offence but you're not an EU official,
Southern tip of Greenland is no further north than Oslo.
I don't know what it is, but I think it's just a heavy accent that carries over
I had a history teacher who told me that often a newly crowned king wanted to "prove himself" by beating the Swedes, so it wouldn't take much for him to go to war.
Yep, it's because KODA is also responsible for the licensing of a lot of foreign songs when they are being played in Denmark
You could had gold-plated ABBA with that kinda money
Constantly ragging on each other, but when push comes to shove they'll stand together
Last year they gave ALL their 17.000 employees double salary in December because of a great yearly result.
Lol that reminds me of something that happened on one of the few public bus rides I’ve taken
Thx and you are doing just fine :-)
National romanticism
If one day I can't find the time over a longer period ind my life, I should relly consider changing my lifestyle
Vi sittar her i ventaen og spillar lita DOTA
Oh, I wasn't trying to convince him
Like in english, it's almost silent but is pronounced like in "hello"
I think it gave me a better understanding of Italy
At parties we play a game we call “Dåse” (translated “can”), where 2 or more people compete against each other in breaking a can in half with their hands, in a karate-chop kinda way
We need to unite and work together
It Also feels like every single highway and train tracks/station is atleast 2 years delayed
Never seen one, I don't think they're common/a thing in northern europe.
It seemed surreal
It is forecast for 40 this week in the UK
Sure, there's a tiny bit
You read stuff like the Illiad, Oedipus, Platon, Aristoteles and Herodot
Bonfire
The government is simply limiting my choices
First time I traveled alone with my buddy
I wouldn't ask if I didn't want you to answer.
Most people could easily reduce their meat consumption by 50-75% and still get the nutrients they need and a large cutdown on meat would free up large areas of lands allowing farmers to actually have a crop cycle.
By the way, we didn't wait for the terrorist attacks to act against Islamic terrorism - we've been in Afghanistan since the beginning
No, I don't think I've ever heard anyone be asked to speak clearly either
I grew up in a very international enviroment, and a common phrase we've heard growing up is people going "oh yeah I see that" when someone mentions which country they are from
It’s in our blood to joke about Sweden
Well, the latter seems to work for Internationale.
(I should add that even some Danish people can’t tell written Danish and Norwegian apart, instead thinking it is just Danish with some grammar mistakes or typos)
You seem to be missing Desmond and Iroquois too, from what I can see.
So we decided to make special camps for them and easy them back closer to the civilization.
My thermometer registered a sweltering **17°C!**
In Zealand, easily Brøndby Strand
You have to be from Copenhagen, right?
But for me it's perfect
And I know my other friends who moved to CPH from other places in Denmark had the same reaction
Yeah I think the NL had the right idea, though a single national flag might be good just for ease of identification, and then an EU flag for commeradery
You've succeeded
as someone used to 8-9+ hours of sleep at night, 5 sounds painful
If you pay what most pay in rent, then around 1100 of these euro, go to just rent, water and gas, leaving you with 700 euros to pay for food, insurance, transport, union, A-kasse, etc
I mean, none of them affect me so I have no context for judging them, but I'm sure it's just them being oversensitive".
Considering Trumps wanting friendship with Putin and wanting to warm relations with Russia and his earlier comments on NATO I think Ukraine will end up expecting just aid from the EU.
The ones sold in super markets and gas stations are tobacco free versions with added nicotine to circumvent the EU ban
Yes, paper and cardboard are two different cans
A school teacher earns about 30
Because we couldn't get a new tent we drive to a nearby town and stay there
I'm actually a bit surprise at how we don't have more pubs here in Denmark.
The trip was amazing - sleeping in an ice hotel, riding snow scooters etc
So an overwhelming majority of Russian singers are barred then for breaking Ukraine law.
Somewhere along the line, you have misunderstood something
In my opinion it's silly to glorify a job (like "they do" in the US).
I suppose one could theoretically argue that the [Raven Banner] was a flag, and I quite like that
Yes, we can't let in people just because they are poor.
It would also make Fyn more than a speed bump lol
I presume the one in eastern Germany
They dont talk about nazi or facist things, but they keep getting labeled that way by people that dont know better, like you.
Yeah, that gremlin Trump has put in his place is pretty awful
Probably just too used to this
Whether this item shows itself as defective day 1 or day 180 after the purchase is irrelevant.
Happens all the time
Denmark is super lame compared to Norway, but if you want to travel trough; if its a public forest/dedicated camping area(Which there are signs for along roads), you should be good.
it's not "multiculturalism" per se, though some diversity is helpful and adds perspective and makes everyone smarter.
But it's basically not a thing
Is she okay
Sex education in week 6 (sex and the number six is pronounced the same in Denmark) all up until 8th/9th grade
Not approved
No I don't want the damn government to tell me which charger I can use, or limit the phones available for me to purchase based on what chargers they have
Dane here
over here everything is just way more down to earth
And it isn't unethical to say that people shouldn't be able to hold their own beliefs?
If you include Greenland, we have tons of it
He is also grumpy about not being part of the big decisions taken by the board
We bought an alarm clock that has a light that looks like the sunrise, so thqt helps a bit
The only good outcome of the whole *US deciding to misinterpret socialism* thing is super annoyed Danish right wing politicians having to explain Americans Denmark isn't socialist
My Danish University education is liberal propaganda now?
And we borrowed as indiscriminately from German for almost a thousand years
I guess the [finns] didn't get that message.
But it isn't really a dangerous enough disease that I'm willing to put it under the "should be mandatory"-category, unless your child suffers from a chronic illness
And when the Social Democratic Party then chooses to sacrifice their pro-labour stance in return of the PM-position, then I get a problem with it
I'm sure we're more hilly overall, but our tallest point is 171m, while yours is a staggering 322
Russia
Sweden is pleasantly far away too
I actually think we had the same logic and it was part of the reason we went
I mean there is a lot of people working in the state that are not elected by people
_God_, I wish we would have more fist-banging, high-yelling principled politicians who actually believed in their beliefs, instead of politicians posting about their morning runs or home baked bread on Instagram
I think I'll start using that in Danish (Jeg forstår kun banegård) when I don't understand anything
So I think about singing a song about leaks
Cyprus - Cypern
We get some, you get some, Finland gets some
First I got a painter, and was a tad confused
You can also include Islandic and Faroese as it's the same as the other Nordic countries - except Finland, that is
I might try to claim the brits took our word
people dying in an apartment, all lonely, and then the corpse rots and it basically ruins the apartment, and the neighbours call the building attendant because of the smell
Europe In The Style Of Super Mario World
We are not just talking about the poor performers needing to go up by one or two percent here.
i was annoyed by that as well
Sure there are others, but the icelandic once are incredible.
I understand that a large portion of the decrease in smokers is due to taxation and public sentiment, but how much would you wager that the use of snus, especially among young people, has affected smoking rates
It’s probably for the best that you didn’t mention Randers
Like May was at one point declaring that it was a great victory that the UK could now have their passport be whatever colour they want it to be
I had some friends visit, and they had a room there with an *awesome* view over the river
Just have a look in his book 'When Cultures Collide'.
I think after Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign there has been a general need to explain that Denmark, nor any other of the Nordic countries, are, by even the most revisionist or utopian definitions of the term, "socialist". Explaining how the extensive Nordic welfare model is spearheaded by liberals, conservatives, and socialists alike, is always fun
Both r/Denmark and r/sweden have off-spring subreddit where most posts are about mocking each other
Usually only with women/girls, though
So for that reason - I don't even want to try a bidet
Depends on the country
Danish Santa Claus (literally called "the Christmas Man" lol), lives in Greenland
"Kraftædeme" is a Danish swear word meaning "cancer-eat-me".
I mean, I'm just lazy, the only language I *tried* to learn was Dutch, but as I said, I'm lazy, so I just stopped ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
When people talk about viking conquests in western Europe they're not generally talking about Swedes though.
Does not fit the question asked.
In Denmark there the 5 administrative regions Northern Jutland, Central jutland, Southern Denmark, Zealand and the Capital Area
It usually hits in the colder months after all which seems to indicate that it thrives in colder temperatures and thus it may not really impact the warmer countries much at all if no one's able to travel there due to a Covid lock down
Basically, they just make up everything and then claim it's "Danish".
It's the smaller dialects and minority languages that are going to die out as more and more people assimilate to the main dialect or language
Well, they *do* call radio "kringkasting" ("Round-throwing"), so you're not *completely* off your rocker
Note that 3 of them are in Greenland
And that's after they've thrown out traffic violations.
My first thought, but then I looked at Germany.
What a nicely raked forrest you have there
This clip is not from a speech, she is responding to a question from a journalist
I don't recognize Tolkien as the author of LOTR
Thanks dad
Looks like it’s a riot to drive around there
Honestly I find that more rude than polite
That’s just a propaganda to catch Europeans attention
We share a love for liquorice but I guess that means noting.
You clearly didn't pay close enough attention if you think that they are better off than Lithuania
We just drive right through the checkpoint without any problems
Christopher]
It's not the western immigrants that pose a problem
More and more ghettos of a certain type of immigrant appear,
..and it's been raining for a month, so chances of actual sunlight are practically nil
How can you forget Massive
2 murder rate in 2011
Big picture, leadership could have addressed immigration concerns in a tangible way.
My voice has no political power anyway
They are bedsteforældre
You are making us all Scanian now, you snaphane
It's also the verb "to wander" ish
Spain still has an unemployment rate above 20%.
Perhaps i should experience russia some more
if you always had terrible classmates, or none that you related to, no luck for you then
I heard today that the demand is actually kind of brought on by the mink industry itself, by having a pretty big focus on marketing, not sure if that is true but i imagine so
If you feel like your life is without purpose without a job, it must be a lackluster life.
I hear some frightening stories from there
Compared to 43.80 it's almost halfway there.
We definently get snow in the winter, but rarely 'real snow', as in it stays on the ground for more than a few days before turning to grey mush- big snowy landscapes
Funen has its own distinctive dialect as well
" is the positive form to which you'd reply "Ja" or "Nej", i.e."yes" or "no". This is the only form still in use in English
Can you point to any sources that back up your comment "more confrontational" ?
I assume it's the same people who skip Malta and Iceland
What TV series or movie has the most neutral view of the war
A famous example in Denmark is the soft drink ["Cowey"] which was introduced by the precursor to Scandinavian dairy giant Arla in 1992.
Volbeat has definitely had some international succes as well: [For evigt]
Yeah, it's not really the US that's special there.
Young Danes drink more, and also got good marks for cannabis products When they get older a lot of them realize it is not helping them and they slow down the consumption.
He is a politician, yes
I HATE them
<3 thank you France
Where are the rainy danish summers I love
For people that come from a country that punished homosexuality with death, i think Afghans are involved in stuff like that fairly often.
Well Danes speaking german is usually a total disaster even though it's nearly mandatory in school here, we almost never learn to use the correct form of verbs.
If we only take the lesson from the 20th century that 'socialism failed', with no nuance, and we then proceed to throw away struggle against the capital relation, struggle against class, struggle against capitalism
In most schools, there's a bike test when you're around 12/13 (at least it was for me)
I mean
dont put it in the fridge
And man, those days after a snowy night when the sky is bright blue, the sun is out, and the snow sparkles and throws reflections everywhere.
France and Russia had a long history of cultural and social friendship since the dawn of time
The fact that they would sometimes use the same phrase when getting cup of tea didn’t help much
I support mandatory vaccinations with exceptions made for immun-compromised people and other similar cases where vaccinations are too dangerous
I'm thinking countries smaller than and maybe including Luxembourg
I'm not at all offended if people just speak English to me, though
The Greenlanders are by far the worst here, but it's present both places
Your GP is also free
As well as the football name and such
Currency reserves are more than 450 Billion at the last count.
if you wish to improve the environment, you are going to have to plant forests, not potted trees on balconies.
Because it's written by a Danish poet over the words of a German monk, set to the tune of a Silesian Christmas-song
Ragnar Lothbrok
Like a really thick accent for example.
Instead of asking what foreign policies Russia enacted in the 90s how about looking at the foreign policies of the USSR throughout the 20th century
Well that opens the other trap card: Profess your love for the danish language or risk being stamped as "illogical" (a scandinavian cardinal sin)
Guess we have even more in common than I first thought lol
Uniformed police arresting naked Danish man known for peeing in public.
And have visited Kazan a couple of times - but only short visits unfortunately.
Just see the English influence on Danish over the last 70 years
I cannot use what media is saying.
Nazism was about German superiority and domination, about Labensraum etc
Years of humiliation, torture and death could not be dismissed off handedly
Doing it by region is discrimination from how I see it.
I love how any time there is a list like that all of the friendship in the Nordic countries disappears and it is all about not being in the last
I can understand it just fine but I don't speak it.
I just know that Nazis did not think twice about killing Poles so I honestly wouldn't have doubted the 'kill village' story other than the logistics involved.
We have Harry Potter with Danish synchronisation
I can only do so much to keep our average up, on a more serious note I think the younger generation has got the message of how unhealthy it is.
Long story short, I paid my friend half of the expenses for recovering a Jäger Meister someone took from him just because they didn't take my booze, which obviously wasn't his fault
Don't listen to all that Russian and Chinese propaganda
It's completely idiotic
- It really shows it's size
When we're talking mandatory vaccinations, we're really only talking about them being mandatory for kids
Not just on poles but publicly
I give up with you
That plus weather explains the chav holiday no show, but Copenhagen could be a lager lout destination akin to Amsterdam - I guess how expensive everything is works as a very efficient deterrent
*No
And as for regional tourism, it’s still quite an uncommon phenomenon in most of Eastern Europe, as can be witnessed by the relatively small airports there (the airport just here in Copenhagen is significantly bigger than the biggest airport in the all of the eastern EU states (which is Warsaw Chopin))
Volapük? Er det en by i Rusland
* Education and academia has become increasingly watered out, with lack of funding
I agree it sounds really bad though
I don't understand why this is necessary
Safri Duo
All the movies you mentioned are great, but this one is the most is the one that left the biggest impression with me
They move here because they want more money for their family, not because they are in danger whatsoever.
I don't know, do you understand what they are singing about?
At any rate I love Copenhagen, weather and all
I guess I just didn't see that as a soldier cult, but rather a sort of one-off "thank god it's over" kind of thing.
Our situation is not like Greece
Also, apparently his hobbies are:
though bornholm also has a dialect that is slowly dying
I use that to get to work and pretty much anything other than going to the local supermarket, which is a few minutes' walk away.
On really old maps it's pretty much all under water, even though the ones I just found from late 1700s on  does show it as little piece of land
Well, it's a Pepsi light
Danes don't have to whole "save face" mentality for example, or the "protecting the family's honor" type mentality, so Danes will happily laugh at themselves, they'll happily tease each other etc
It is certainly not true
No, that's what makes danish such a powerful language, it is a language, impossible to learn for foreigners, making only those worthy of it able to speak the language
"Well, he *is* an idiot" (doesn't work as well)
So instead of buying nicotine gum to quit smoking you just - stop
The whole [island of Fyn] is more or less ignored by many tourists
&#x200B;
Yet we still spent 20 min speaking about that one movie, in which he remembered 0 details from
But when will enough be enough
We actually got a national ID a few years ago but it's still not valid for travels
It was changed in 1915 when women and people who didn't own their place of residence were allowed to vote
In my head i just thought we would spend much more...
Talking to random people in shops/public areas
>CDC estimates Salmonella bacteria cause about 1
Yep
Well only reason I posted this, was because we had an interview from this reporter posted a few days ago.
Cold winters
7220 by escaping to sweden, and of the 464 who got caught and sent to camps, 425 managed to survive because The Danish Red Cross managed to negotiate preferable treatment of the danish jews.
Identifying as Europeans does not make your country European
Everything related to trains
Virgin Swede VS Chad Icelandic
Why on earth would you put onion on a kebab
Eeeeehhhh
Now we use spanier
Jungledyret Hugo (Jungle Jack)
On the European side of the Ural Mountains
So you're in favour of Obamacare?
That bonfire must've been huge
You can also say 'dyrke sex' (Practise/perform/exercise)
Awesome to play, and fun to watch for spectators as well
Billund is because they have our second largest Airport, as well as Legoland
Also, for some reason, a lot of the accounting I’ve had to deal with from danish companies has been outsourced to Estonia
Looks like they nailed us to a T... uh, 丁!
Only 10 in Denmark
German for sure
400 DKK is 65 dollars, soooo I think they earn well above that haha
The rest voted for :/
I don't think you understand what "revolt" means.
If I remember right, east of Great Belt, miklæ became "magle", and there are tons of placenames on Zealand, which has that in it
I was wondering if that could be a possibility.
The classic one for me is that Denmark is the capital of Sweden
Napels would be great if you included the entire gulf, capri and Sorrento would be a great contrast to the chaos that is napels
You still get a fine day
It's not so much that trains are cheaper than cars, but that cars are expensive as shit, so most young people don't have one.
>De siger Jeppe drikker, men de siger ikke *hvorfor* Jeppe drikker
That sounds interesting, but at the same time slightly complicated
To a degree
Vacuum Cleaner - Støvsuger - Dustsucker
They actively cling onto their own culture, own norms, own views, own values etc
A putte means a darling, sweetie etc, and is used for first year academic high school students
Compared to Germany we hardly translate or dub anything really
The garbage incinerators are just one more supplier in this chain.
Same in Denmark, if you have a reason for carrying it, it can be allowed.
This is the sad story of Skipper Bent
for the most yes, at least for the left/right thing.
Maybe it's related to the fact that you know people come and go and usually don't last more than 100 years, while there's just some sort of expectation that old cultural heritage will be around forever
The Euro Area (EU16): $26,143,340 million (9,8%)
It was in 1848, no doubt directly inspired by the events in Europe.
You should do it even more, as Norwegian hydro is the only inexpensive way to deliver flexible, cheap, and low-carbon electricity
British Medical Association
some time ago a new absence rule was introduced to danish gymnasiums that received nation-wide hate;
I heard chungos as well
I certainly wouldn't recommend it if you're going to be in northern europe
Which is the foundation of creating beer, wouldn’t you agree
By second language you mean a language that is unintelligible to natives
A lot of the neighbourhoods in the surrounding areas of the city center don’t have a lot of uniqueness to them
It takes longer to pour as it needs to settle
Both Submarine and U-Boat are just Ubåd.
No joke
All my stuff is still in English
If I went out and claimed that my religion says that all babies should have big tribal tattoos around their biceps, I would still be jailed for child abuse if people found out I had done it, even though tattoos can be removed
in Denmark it is commonly believed that he lives in Greenland
We're the ones happily selling them garbage we won't/can't get rid off ourselves
The rest of the economy is doing just fine.
Those are not far-right
Seriously, leaving the EU was the worst political decision in newer time
Dubai is even worse, except in Dubai you have overpasses instead of underpasses
The social distancing, washing hands, "lock down" etc
You don't know me
In 2015 international news blew up a story about my local zoo dissecting an already dead lion, in front of an audience
We just make a cardboard witch and burn her at a giant bonfire, so she can fly (that’s the justification)
That's... not true
That's a whole big can of worms
He is in general liked and does well with everyone, but in reality he doesn't really enjoy the company
I think i speak for a lot of Europe, please vote in November
Unfortunately anecdotal evidence can overwrite the facts we have about the wider situation, in a persons brain
Adams Æbler (Adams apples) is excellent
**But** directly insulting "officials in function" that is employees of the stat on the job (not on their off time) is technically a crime/misdemeanor, punishable with small fines (I can find examples of 1.000-1.500 DKK = 150-225 USD).
If you belittle them and name them ignorant or stupid for liking the "extreme" candidate, and they dont have a reasonable outlet to express their opinions without social shaming, they will show their discontent at the ballot.
we all know it's fucked up
It was a mistake to kill him, just like Saddam.
Koldskål.
"Arrived at sea" was the IRL destination name for a large shipping company I used to work for.
Just the fact that the German chancellor and French president can stand like this, together in an obvious friendly atmosphere, is a sign that something about EU must be working.
I simply took the country that had the smallest population and with no children as citizens
"You are not more than us
Petersburg
Now Cavaco will probably end up approving what he was rejecting before.
No country in the world was always like they are today.
Your bibles may be safe, but your priests still have those absurd ruffs on like us
While many other European countries experienced revolutions, we got by after our King wrote the constitution and turned Denmark into a democracy.
Motherfu-..... Of all the places, the Devil Island gets a white Christmas
They usually send them in television around dinner time, so you can feel really bad and lose your appetite
Seems that most people missed the point of your question
The Hague conventions of 1899 and 1907, which were used to convict Nazi leaders at the Nuremberg trials, and to the same effect in the Tokyo War Crimes tribunal, which recognized the attack on Pearl Harbor as a war crime, amongst many others
[Kidd - ik lavet penge] I would also say is annoying, even though it became so popular in Denmark, it still annoys me to hear it
The scale of the reconstruction and development makes me believe it is the city in Denmark which has seen the most development recently
that's pathetic
Everyone has the right to own, use, dispose of and bequeath his or her lawfully acquired possessions
vildt sådan at komplimentere den også. Det eneste sted jeg har prøvet det er ved gynækolog
There are different forms of all ideologies, but the main one is always the one you refer to, when you just name the ideology.
Seriously, we need something here
But I guess that EU at least have focus on this now.
For Christmas many families eat duck as well, although pork is just as common
huuuhhh”
i guess i just know almost nothing about the place
> Women who slept with Germans were shaved in public
Most other embassies are in old buildings with charm and details and colour
It just has the completely wrong vibe and sounds hella formal
There is also the most important stones of all the Jellinge stones from the 10th century which in viking runes tells the story of how Denmark became a nation and how we went from Pagans to Christians
Yeah, terribly sorry about that, I can imagine it was quite humiliating
Tax evasion
I could
Both places has laws that dictates that about 30-40% of a company board must be women
Yeah we use it all the time for celebrations and decorations, but on the other hand it became a bit controversial when the speaker of the parliament tried to hang the Danish flag in the hall of parliament
The USA have kind of the same problem
the money inside the passport was gone too
Imagine the culture of r/dankmemes (being overly stupid) coupled with broken, directly translated words
The dark can be a bit depressing though
All cultures can be roughly ranked according to their ability to benefit a society, so it depends who you let in.
>>We hate Sweden, the violent and arrogant country
But I might still need names of authors or other literature.
* An election to parlament must occur
Likewise
[Officielle flagdage]
Except for Northern Jutland and Bornholm, I have been pretty much all over the country with my rejsekort the last couple of years
I think you're overestimating the effect English is having on smaller European countries
Why in the name of Maria Teresa García Ramírez de Arroyo would you do that
Denmark here - what is the statistical chance of war with Sweden this year?
It somehow stuck onto my brain and now I can spell necessary
Yeah
There would be a lot of interested Danish politicians in how to stop EU students from studying in Denmark
Christian 4
It's weird
The first Danish constitution hadn't even been signed in 1848...
And another with a lion
Also fairly common to eat duck (some will rather have a goose) on mortens eve, the evening before mortens day in november
Everyone is scared because of increased Russian aggression and military deployment.
What a good and fun idea you have had OP
I don't think the number of nice refugees is 99.9% but it's not a huge percentage either.
Both, we dont, untill someone find some
Well, it varies a lot, but right now, RyanAir is advertising flights from Copenhagen to quite a big chunk of Europe (including destinations in Spain, Italy and the UK) for around €15-20 each way.
Same in Denmark
You used the wrong image for Denmark
What is more practical/dependable: to build a dependable immigration policy by testing each applicant individually on how congruent they are with our values (never-mind that their offspring might grow up more radical, as is already happening in Europe) or based on how the congruent the immigrant society is with our values?
Nationalities don't really equal ethnicities, and as other have mentioned, we've been banging across country borders for ages in Europe
The point of yoga is spiritual transformation not exercise
Personal experience is that I find cold eggs easier to handle when it comes to Danish meatballs etc, I don't know why
That it be it stuff for 16 year olds or 18 year olds
As long as you don't try that "legitimate empire" thing again, you can call yourself holy and roman all you want
I think the shocking part (for non-Europeans) comes from the Roma people being a pretty unique case.
Principal was fuming
And making people show ID is not taken seriously at all, saying this as a supermarket cashier
Basically sunrise should be 10:10 and sunset 14:32
I know that the Czech president is very conservative and against a refugee agreement in EU.
How many courts of Europe speak French as their language of choice?
I haven't flown in 6 years
Saying you don't tolerate intolerance is just empty word-games
Because he'd need at least 20 different ethnicities to divide the media into those 5 % part.
I think it makes a big difference what kind of award it is and what exactly their criteria was for possibly giving it to the Italians.
dont know if that counts as school shooting
We hate your president, we hate your institutionalized racism, your nationalism (you call it patriotism) and your regressive religious views, but in general we get along great with individual Americans - especially if you're one of the many Americans who also dislike that stuff
If it's someone you already know it depends on how well you know them, whether or not you shake hands or exchange a hug
I spent 2 weeks in Germany and had Apfelschorle every day, and I have never had it before or since then
Haha
The wind is not so strong in the [inland climates] Because of the [wind chill factor] the -5 C in Denmark seems more like -20 C with middle wind around 8 m/s.
That’s what they’ll be when he no-deals
That makes little sense
If you or I voluntarily move there, we would not have cause to complain.
Believe it or not, I know someone who named their newborn kid Ilie a few years ago
Yeah, they're up by the anchor monument
Most Danes are passing through or just sitting at the canal
We have what we call the rotten banana which is the west coast of Jutland
The Norwegians come to Sweden for cheap alcohol, the Swedes come to Denmark for cheap alcohol and the Danes come to Germany for cheap alcohol
I do also have the privilege that years of listening to people learn danish, has made me quite good at picking up on what people want to say, rather than what they are actually saying
They are in general nice people, even though they need to practice their Danish skills more
The Andes, and specifically Peru and Chile [were some of the areas were agriculture independently began] and Peru is home to more different kinds of potato and tomato than anywhere else in the world, how do you combine that with the theory, that they should be limited in what crops they can grow
Hugo Boss uniform is on point tho
I would say the best friend Denmark has in terms of shared culture, language and citizens liking each other, would be Norway
I guess this sub is just full of idiots.
I had it when I went to Slovakia
What would you do with straw, biodegradable waste and biogas
Where did you go in Romania
While it is possible, not learning(or at least trying to) the native language is rude.
Good thing though, most can speak english, so shouldn't be a nightmare to visit
Survivor started getting developed in the UK in 1992 by Charlie Parson, it just wasn't ever aired
And this is why, IMO, they will never break into the mainstream, the way for example FN or FPÖ has.
Russia, Denmark and Poland-Lithuania
Nature from Switzerland, Canada, USA, Finland
In my city personally it’s weather the new buildings we have should have an old style or a modern style
"Landevejs riddere" (Knights of the country roads)  A a type of vagabond lifestyle
> A lot of our food is not mass produced, in a lot of mediterranian countries what you guys consider "organic food" - its just considered "food".
It blows my mind that if you google Copenhagen, you will just get 500 images of that street
I would say that one as well, but if we are talking more modern history, then I would say the involvement in the First Golf War.
Our traditional Easter lunches for example, I associate with beer rather than wine.
I love all my Scandi brethren <3
The vikings were kinda like isis
i hope so too
Several animals:
Don't think you are allowed to advertise for tobacco here
15° - 20° = t-shirt
Kradser
Poles aren't disliked in Denmark, probably the opposite to be honest.
USA / Amerikas Forenede Stater - United State of America
Protecting the hardest hit countries while enabling EU to continue to spend a lot of money, where EU thinks it's needed the most
Then Brexit happened, and they went for it.
Say you
I very rarely hear any kind of appreciation for Danish, even by Danes themselves (unless badly translating memes count), and I’ve heard “why don’t we just switch to English lol” more than once
We have already seen what the Ottoman and Turkish troops can do against civilians.
The kids were forbidden from speaking Inuit and were attempted stripped of their Greenlandic identity as much as possible
They decided this, and the immediate reasons for it had nothing to do with EU leadership (and, to be honest, nothing to do with the EU in general, and nothing to do with facts or reality).
They kinda are, and I would've chosen exactly the period, so I'm happy
Everything related to trains
Why is that tho
As unions they were not described as a Danish empire as such, but it was only much later, I discovered that Norway and Sweden actually were not part of Denmark but still three countries (Norway and Sweden being independent on paper)
Israel joining would mean that we would have to support them if they were invaded but any offensive action by Israel would have nothing to do with the EU as a whole.
That said, it's pretty close to Copenhagen still, and isn't really a traditional border-region like Jutland, nor traditionally presented as an "other", unlike Jutes, who've often been presented as a special subset of Danes(considering we used to be a separate people, it's only fair)
Tax Eveyone Make Climate Great Again.
I am painfully aware of that, when I am routinely overtaken by 7-year old girls in pink snowsuits on the Norwegian and Swedish slopes
We are going to build and pay for the tunnel and charge Germans for using it.
In the Sahara, preferably
” Person at the party
The problem is that it's not only Syrian immigrants.
because they want the media to tell them what they want to hear.
It used to be the other way, until someone, somewhere, made a mistake, and then it stuck
In Danish it's "Sydligste". Any Dane should be able to figure out what "Denemarken is het zuidelijkste Scandinavische land
0l diesel engine
WW1 is the lesser known war, maybe he just forgot why World War 2 had a 2 at the end of it.
I haven't flown in 6 years
Not really, Danes and Germans generally get a long well, if there is any sentiment that is anti German it isn't because of the nazis
My dentist sends an SMS with the appointment already set
Isn't Finland part of Scandinavia, or was I scammed by my elementary teacher
What's the opinion on /r/france, everyone here seems to refer to it but I don't speak french so i have no way to find out otherwise.
>We don't really hate the swedes
If not for "our" oil reserves, you guys would have been in, no doubt
I haven't noticed any difference in vocabulary anyway
The world is probably a better place without him
No, not a single snowflake has been spotted this year
>kek
They still look and feel like monopoly money :-/
Yees we have this too
Yeah
I get that sometimes a name is too hard for children, so they give characters a new name, but Christopher is not an unusual name in Denmark
But I know there are people serving time in prison for travelling with their children to northern Africa, in order to have them circumcised.
They are probably from swedish decent
Do you honestly think Guy Verhofstadt can make a compelling case against Le Pen?
I've found that my mates from france have had a really easy time learning the pronounciation of the words
His name is bossman
The smørrebrød?
This warm for this long is not normal for so far north
Oh Montenegro
USD 8,000-21,000 / Euro 6,000-16,000 (DKK 45,000-120,000)
I really hope more countries begin rejecting these archaic, sexist religious practices
>Russia will be annexed by Mongolia
/r/italy really is full of very helpful people.
Wouldn't it be great if that was possible?
That *would* be true if the population was spread evenly across the country.
BREXI
A children's event being called racists and sexist in the media will kill it.
I go back inside, because the night is barely halfway done
Oh no surely
Now if you would ask them to name the cities or point them out on a map i think many would have a hard time particularly with all those rectangular states in the middle
> Funny thing is, Danes have absolutely no idea who he is
The exploiters is the group able to command goods, with dividends from their wages, that are manifested with more labour than the exploiters themselves have performed, based on the exploitative social relations as described above
Through religion studies you might also learn a bit about ancient Jewish culture
We usually consider "females" within our species to be "women".
I believe the Nordics are over-represented.
Maybe storbæltsbroen, Rosenborg or Christiansborg
6 2016 a 43 year old policeman was shot and killed in front of Albertslund's police station.
:D (for example, 97 is basically a slightly contracted version of "seven-and-half-fifth", because reasons)
Not every country in the world allows for you to have a citizenship where you live and one where you don't.
Protests do absolutely nothing in solving this very physical problem
> but in the shortest possible time to put the backward agrarian country on the rails of industrialization
We like the trade aspect of the EU, but a federal union or common currency not so much.
Increasingly xenophobic and nationalistic policies is a fourth
Keep it up swede
It hurts the national identity of a lot of people, and that is not only solved by accepting the current situation.
It proves that even minute differences mean the world
If you don't have a flag pole then no, you don't see people standing by the road waving flags unless the Queen drives by
Yes, but the point of the burning would have to be to disgrace (I think the word is) the religions, as the point of this burning was.
I would move one day from Hong Kong as I feel the city is doable in 3 (full) days.
Excuse me, we have SKY MOUNTAIN (147m), thank you very much
The capital will be Copenhagen, and I'm already drawing up a list off cunts to put on the boats to send to Tasmania.
Right, so let's pretend that claiming to be a feminist is not incompatible with showing respect for the religious, legal and social subjugation of women of which the hijab is a symbol.
As someone who's grown up with parents from both Jylland and Sjælland I don't really have a dialect, in Jylland they think I'm from Sjælland and opposite applies to when I'm in Sjælland
It was changed 5 times
We should put the band back together soon.
Don't you know they already do that at watertreatment plants?
[Danish is not a garbish language for garbish people!]
I know, socialism totally works, the others just did it wrong, this time we will get it right
PKK are the Kurds that like to kill civilians and bomb stuff to send their message.
Lots of danish flags here, but EU flags are very rare most of us find it weird how commen they are in Germany for example.
Same, the amount of strangers that randomly talk to you is super uncomfortable for me personally
It's a weird expression because I could imagine living together without being married isn't very common in a predominantly catholic country like Poland
My host family fed me nothing but sauerkraut and pickles, and I wasn’t allowed to touch their cat
He's Scottish after all, right?
Neuschwanstein castle was build from 1869.
I dont recall the model
Is socialism wrong with or without Stalin
It's only loosely based on the Snow Queen
Was it by any chance a house
Royal     Dutch Medical Association calls it a violation of human rights, and     calls for a "strong policy of deterrence
Many young people are fine with ikea furniture, but once you've got a couple of higher quality pieces in your home, ikea's does feel a bit flimsy
My dad would order "café espresso" and I was embarrassed, because I thought he was telling the waiter to hurry up
It's all about the bridge from Skagen to Anholt to Odense.
Majority of French believe National Front is a danger to democracy
Now that's definitely the part I'd have started with
Rude
You would just need to contribute relative to your GNI
Funny you should mention the school subject!
I've mainly seen them in older office buildings/schools and such
However, in most cases, that's not what we're talking about.
In Russia, meanwhile, much of the country used to speak different languages until recently
The entire neighbourhood was slum, and it was completely demolished in the 1910s.
Planned on taking bus to Peru - not good enough.
In many other countries it seems like three times a week is not uncommon
Why do they care what he thinks
Not an official measurement, but realtors often use "stenkast" (a stone throw) when they want to imply that a house is close to something positive like the beach or something like that
Why are the english versions so bad
We certainly notice that here in Denmark as well.
I was very naive thinking everybody at least know Nagasaki and Hiroshima
Pls gib Norway
Left whole carcasses of pig in glass display cases and museum audience could look at the rotting process.
True, I should maybe have used nazi members.
I have metric tonnes of evidence, but I do believe that the artist "Dan Park." Is the smoking gun.
That's probably because [those are blocked in China]
I can decide, that I no longer like Huawei, Samsung or LG and just buy a phone from another company without losing my apps
If you are, too bad, have to take an entire year over to go to university/youth education
I search for my country, Norway or Sweden cause ik it's gonna be following
Like semi-accurate ... It's an exaggeration of course but it's a big deal when it snows here
420 fatalities vs 134 fatalities
No idea why i've only chosen women, but they all strike me as competent and compassionate leaders
Their military and other officials just surrendered or fled.
Det er enormt sødt
List goes Norway-Iceland-Sweden-Germany
I'm sorry, and I wish you the best"
I went to school with a Polish guy for example, and he was no different from us Danes at all, besides him having a Polish name and his parents having an accent
Maybe it is small population and large energy using industry.
Became a pretty big meme in Denmark
They start mis-prioritising
because we can buy it here everywhere
Those are the special forces for sure
As long ad you have any money available for use, there is no reason not to
I’m sad to hear that
And with our high prices and limited student housing capacity in some places it's often not enough for students to live of off.
Don't let it beat you off course in your daily life though.
It's actually true, here in the summer times me and my friends have already spent countless of evenings and days together, both male and female friends
As a dane
Bookmakers give her odds 2:1 to become president.
Especially when the numbers speak for themselves
Without research I think I can comfortably say Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Copenhagen
Right
I remember learning how to set a tent, wield a knife, catch and prepare a fish as well as just having fun and hanging out outside
In Denmark it's, for sure, german
The Danish 'kanel snegl' gang
but only recognized by a few other countries that also claim land on the south pole
>and we also learn Danish though it's widely considered one of the most boring subjects among students
Graduating from HS (Gymnasium) was actually a lot more formalised.
I think he meant, it's a cheap meal at a restaurant in Denmark
I do agree we have nothing compared to Walmart or Carrefour in sheer size though.
Yes, I guess, the last one is pretty unfortunate
one by accident
We probably won't get any snow this winter (thank you global warming
Most people here probably understand that, but I just wanted to make that clear since there are places in the world where neighboring countries legitimately hate each other
[_Det kimer nu til julefest_]
* Waste: 7,9 %
Compare US suburbs - which often can't even be traversed without cars - to the suburbs I grew up in, where everyone biked and celebrated midsummer together
Who was the last person, besides Trump, who directly criticized her?
Since she came from a very well-known family, so for her the title was no big deal, whereas her last name was
Coordinates link:
We're chillin'.
It's terrible
Their arguments are somewhat stranded on either "identifying as Europeans", "Armenia had somr ties to The Roman Empire",  or that they are Christian
There's a canon pointed at sweden, and there's a old law, that says "If a swede walks on the ice water, you can kill him" This law is still counting, but we have so many other laws that there's no way around it
hard Euroscepticism is on the rise
It's said that the island of Sjælland was created when a giant took a piece of Sweden and cast it into the ocean
Lol
I'm tired of having to pirate shows
Yes
Three times twenty (3\*20)
He was also member of the delegation that travelled around the Middle East to bash on Denmark
Ingredienserne til en kradser kan variere, men som basis gælder at der anvendes et pølsebrød. På pølsebrødet tilføjes forskelligt tilbehør som findes i pølsevognen, og i forvejen anvendes til andre retter
Kind of the same for me
The UK was one of the warmest countries in Europe today, it was even colder in parts of Spain and Italy
Some people did fly the Stars and Stripes on their flag pole regularly, and they were asked to take it down, because they didn't have permission to do it
A referendum and a presidential election are two completely different things, no point in making comparisons.
South Jutland - Farmers from Alabama
Just be ready to diverge from it too.
By 1943 it would have been obvious to almost anyone that Hitler was never going to win
I've never heard people make fun of Copenhageners being socialist hippies
As a danish tax-payer I am generally pro-EU
Ok svensker
War-wise we got screwed hard and just stopped trying.
At best they're going to see my boobs and not care about it, at worst they are going to see my boobs and get offended/excited by it
That's how Scandinavia works
Hvor meget skal vi gi' for de jure i det tilfælde
Also, thanks for knowing the real reason there
Cars wins over train ect ect - efficiency isn't really that important if alternatives are durable.
Eat your heart out, Vladimir Putin
Forgiving all the debt would be political suicide.
99% korrekt
Is it the BCBS you want the UK to leave?
> Here are some examples
The    German Association of  Child and Youth Doctors recently Attacked the    AAP's claims, saying the  benefits they claim, including HIV  reduction,   are "questionable," and  that "Seen from the outside,  cultural bias   reflecting the normality of  non-therapeutic male  circumcision in the US   seems obvious, and the  report’s conclusions  are different from those   reached by doctors in  other parts of the  Western world, including   Europe, Canada, and  Australia
blyat
I have no intention of becoming a teenage dad
Even if he had won at Stamford-bridge, he then would merely have found himself in Harold's stead, meeting the Normans at Hastings, save with an even more impoverished army and far fewer friendly natives
Iceland declined to implement the constitution
The same would obliviously be the case for any other German-adjacent country
Well there also is: u å æ ø i æ å! :) but that's more spoken (western Danish)  æ ø æ u i a å is another one
The Greenlandic government, for one, is essentially run by the hyper-nationalist urban elite of Nuuk, whose views do not, from what I've heard, represent the broader population
My cousin is half Italian half Danish, and I remember he turned 18 before 2013 and had to 'pick a citizenship' (if you are below 18 you were able to hold dual), and he picked Danish, even though he grew up in Italy, since it would help him both education- and jobwise
What's your favorite European Pornstar?
I wasn't clear
However, the eyeopener was when I watched the music video for the first time lol
slut, fart and gift apply to danish as well
You know their is a difference between people from Schengen countries and MENA migrants?
I only knew that some of the big waste-to-energy combustion units in Denmark and Sweden need more waste
Andersen Museum then
Not everything is bleak
It's not that the taste of coffee, beer, berries, liquorice and cola is bad but that doesn't mean it all goes together
We learned a lot about how we mistreated  them
A lot of that food looks a little artsy, good, but artsy.
* In 2019 the community was 77,8% males, this year, it's only 69,3%! That's a sharp move towards being more representative
We start learning it in school from about 4th grade (10/11 yo)
Tap water is the shit
Here you can hear the numbers
They're not, they're concerned about baby penises being cut up
I live in Denmark, and I can't remember the last time I saw snow laying on the ground.
85 employees smoke
If you are a member of the state church (about 77 % are even though a lot are atheist to varying degrees) you pay an extra 1 % in church taxes.
Which Saxony are we talking
Most people I know pronouce "three" as twee or tree
Really curious about the title of the photo
Welp
The focus on Hillary being female was idiotic for example.
LEGO bricks, they're going to shit LEGO bricks.
My grandfather spent his life mapping out his ancestry, and my mom has followed suit
I haven't heard about that, but it's lost its head a couple of times, as well as its arms and been painting red and stuff
Hmm still shame on them :)
attack, the aggressor and the importance of the interests endangered by the attack
Granted i haven't tried every shop in the country, but I did as a teenager try shops in Nordjylland and Sønderjylland
But we are pretty far along when looking at the green energy and social help stuff
There's a reason the Kalmar Union was united under Denmark.
Winter started a month ago
However, the origional poster is right, it is fun to speak danish (or mandarin, my third language) as a "secret" around non-speakers
that's just disgusting
Dane: Exactly
Quite simple: What Denmark gets out of having the Faroes and Greenland is geopolitical influence
The show does not exactly scream 'Murica
To everyone else it's that funny little war that Bismarck used as practice for the wars that would lead to the formation of the German Reich
But in the end you earn less, but you also spend less on various things like healthcare and education
I also made my own layout called [DWERTY] which is ANSI layout with "shortcuts" to Danish keys
It was a comprensive school with both sixth form and younger grades - assembly was just done for all levels at the same time
It actually kind of sucks that we didn't let Russia become a possible EU member state when the Soviet Union collapsed.
Danish Santa Claus (literally called "the Christmas Man" lol), lives in Greenland
Danish sounds horrible in most metal music, and therefore you won't find any metal sung in Danish that isn't underground, and therefore I'm gonna throw a curveball, because you need to have Al Namrood - Xenophobia in your playlist
) just grind me in all kinds of wrong ways
I am trying really hard to think of any but i just can't find one that is completely different
And it's about to close actually, so don't think I'll ever get the chance now
If you can talk the Czechs into paying us Danegeld to stay away we'd gladly go drink somewhere else
Bunkers everywhere
Æbleskiver, definitely
So, it is a Russian foreign policy objective that the EU should not seek to punish the UK over Brexit?
I threw in the towel on Italian politics when Berlusconi got elected.
Judging by what you just said, and the rest of this thread, if the town and municipality is majority-Christian, that would seem entirely reasonable
Brown ought to suit everybody
If I cared what street you grew up on I'd ask
To be fair to the americans though, besides being too talkative they do the whole "being sincerely helpful" a lot as well
My friend goes to Kraków every year (she's to one who took me there last year) and she speaks of the city just like you do :) We both are taking our masters in history, so it really is the perfect city for people like us
Never heard that here, most of the people I know use Hotmail
Seems very inefficient to toast the buns that indirectly
It just fills you up in a way other food doesn't.
“Festen var helt Texas” made me legit burst out laughing
German
Fairly certain others have posted it, but to paraphrase that Indian investor: STOP BAILING OUT FAILING COMPANIES
> I don't think political integration have to mean cultural integration too
English folklore and myth is essentially forgotten today, because the new Norman elites had no interest in preserving it
One of the things that annoy me most about our country's modern history is the government selling the oil extraction rights for areas of the North Sea instead of doing what Norway did decades later and nationalising the resource instead
[Greenlandic] I once heard it sounds like spoken French and looks like written Finnish.
The cathedral continued to be the preferred location for the entombment of the Danish monarchs, but apart from that most of the other religious institutions disappeared, churches and monasteries were torn down etc
Vi sittar her i ventaen og spillar lita DOTA
I'm not sure where you're from exactly but if you're from a city then obviously fewer people will have flag poles there than in suburbs, smaller towns etc
Denmark isn't religious at all so in that regard, this is misleading.
Og til her svenske og norske røvhuller
> ...and in all of the rest republics
Yes
Jeg tvivler virkeligt på at Storebælt fryser over i år, men vi kunne da godt tage Skåne tilbage.
That's almost impressive
Thats pretty much all I took away from this, and clearly gypsies got bangs game
(The numbers are from [this report] which is also what TTIP proponents typically get their numbers from.
And Spain has *quite* the history of home-grown non-muslim terrorism as well.
Sounds like the west coast of Jutland
Curry Mallet
Cum te crezi despre USR+?
Let's make Constantinople Greek again.
Beer tastes like shit imo
The same king also built the old stock exchange and a big observatorium
So give it back
75 people died
It is from old Danish 'fyritiughu' which means four tens
Yeah, we haven't struck it big as Norway has, but the metal scene here produces some amazing things
A, once upon a time, close childhood friend of mine has been quite deep into the gang environment and other illegal activities
Googled it, that entire party currently has a total of 59 people who has given their signature for them to run at our next election, which probably goes a long way to explain why I hadn't heard of them until now
Fe - Jern
I'd definitely be on board if the transphobes first target was der/den/dem/des+s and all that other shit
No law is as good as the truth, but where one is in doubt about the truth, then the law shall show the truth
Just this sort of inexplicable childlike joy of the whole thing.
As a Dane learning french in school, I found it almost as weird as the counting system from my own country
Thank you
I always thought it was about just cooking, but in hindsight I remember there being washing machines too
Islamic terrorism was a thing before that
I’ve never seen a 17 year who wasn’t able to bike before here in Denmark
No unfortunately not
Ribe, the oldest still existing town in the country
We may as well wait for them to drop whatever religious or cultural ideas that demands it, which can take centuries if they live in a large enough community
Well, they're simply not nordic, they have a completely different historical and cultural backgrounds as countries
Does anyone know someone called ganja
Couldn’t they be mixed up so two countries had slightly different myths about the same lakes
He wrote more than 1500 psalms, 253 if which is in the standard book of psalms in the Danish church today, and religious or not - I don't think it is possible to grow up in Denmark without ever having heard some of them
Norwegian - 100%
Oh you poor thing we Danes are only charged 8% of the income for finding the joy in being employed.
If you think Merkel needs more leverage over shit countries like Tunisia and Morocco then I see no hope for you.
There is no reason to believe that Trump understood the golf course wall any better
Yeah, it can be used for anything, really
I took a year of history in sixth form in the UK and we also learned about the reformation in Europe (Martin Luther), in relation to the UKs split from the Roman Church with Henry the 8th
Very nice to have when you just get unneeded or unwanted info
My Serbian family who lives in small villages thinks the EU is devil incarnate
Prepositions are tough
Each country has actual websites where they list all this information.
It is not a discussion of politics
Irland er ikke en del af det forenede kongeriget
Just to name a few)
What a good and fun idea you have had OP
I don't know about the rape, but you're sweden, so that automatically makes you a hellhole
Yet again, the Swedes are left behind the true Vikings
And I would understand nearly all of it.
I love Germany, and it annoys me that I can't speak, and only barely understand, the language when I visit
> Our foreign affair minister, Per Hækkerup, got drunk and then basically gave Norway all of it
Siger man ikke normalt "lange løg" i stedet for "lange nosser"?
I'm a little yellow fish in the deep blue sea
We also have quite a few Skoda taxis here because they are cheap, but the new trend is taxis driving Teslas here.
*Skat* (tax) and *skat* (treasure) are both nouns, so they're much more interchangeable and good for puns
in the Netherlands for example, they do NOT use this treatment at the factory, and thus the fridge is actually having the opposite effect
Nothing will destroy Le Pen's support as well as integrated muslims.
I am truly sorry for your predicament.
I just think that most danes just don't write z.
Poland, Ukraine and Belarus because I've been most places already.
Or do they note it in another way
Crazy story
In modern danish the direct translation would be 'soul land'.
[Coming from Belguim to Netherlands]
Basically:
As someone who has lived both places you are probably not really in a position to speak for those with fewer opportunities.
I wish Ursula good luck trtying to force her migrant distribution scheme in effect
However if they were people would be crying about how the EU has too much power over the member states and that the EU has become a federal superstate
The US military struck Iranian military personnel
Is it just me or just that look horrible
Thought you guys were sexual alcoholic demons like us
Welcome fellow Greater Copenhagener :-)
Good medister can only be bought during Christmas time and that shit is fucking amazing
I wonder if there is a connection...
It's just a subjective set of parameters like all the other rankings.
The former prime minister of Denmark sent a message to Donald Trump as a response to Trump's way of handling his loss
the news might be fake, but the "erupt" part might be true
Practically every car in this part of Denmark has a tow hook, and every second household has a trailer, so
Immigration policies
Mini-Putinstan by now - really sad
Every time it has been brought up the "muh religion!" argument has been enough to make politicians back off.
Camilla Kürstein
That being said, according to DS the numbers are still going up
What a drama that is honnestly
Other countries might be less American friendly, but I doubt you'd (commonly) meet outright hostility anywhere in Europe simply for being American
By way of logic you're now obligated to say you also love the Danish language
Lil Kleine had a few, for example
We're gonna have the best ships.
Scratch that
You should try and take a look at South Funen
The NET Pos-Neg indication is also quite close to this
A true symbol of equality
Yup, I remember when I went on a school trip to Serbia
Everybody knows the main reason Copenhagen is hard to get into is that it's the capital and nothing else
Czech-out
The landing of the rocket etc was already known by NASA.
Is Parmesan an Italien region or do you just really like cheese
It has to be mentions that it became a news item back then too, which is the reason why it's not a bigger deal now
Danish keyboards simply follow the alphabet (Æ Ø Å), so there's little reason to the change the order
>Picture of a child
Hiring a boat with my girlfriend, and spending the day fishing for mackerel and frying them over a small fire on the beach of some small island
It's kind of on that threshold where people can't quite decide if they're watching it "ironically" or not though.
Ved valg af få ingredienser, fx ketchup, sennep og ristede løg, vil de blive anbragt på pølsebrødets underside, da den er mere plan end oversiden, og tilbehøret glider så ikke af
I always thought it was about just cooking, but in hindsight I remember there being washing machines too
dk is probably the most commonly known
Congrats
It's the two party system that breeds gridlock and ineffectiveness from selfishness
Is that actually a Swedish "thing" though or is it simply like jokingly saying "De nada", "No problem", "No problemo", "kein problem" or whatever to someone who said thanks
Gad vide hvilken indflydelse det har på vores individuelle verdenssyn, at vi opfatter sprog så forskelligt fra hinanden
Yeah it’s difficult to type ofc, but you kinda hit a high tone at the end of a sentence
And the heart is all in shadows
I might have but how would I ever know
It's not that we hate everyone non-Nordic but that we really like each other in the Nordics.
Hey, I have been there
But, you are our slightly retarded brother, so i cant really say no to you
I know they’re not the same but I like the charm of living in the mountains in a decent sized town
> And I dont believe the point of a multi-party system is compromise
Kinda off-topic, but it seems to me that internet speed is rapidly approaching the max write speed of storage devices (for a modern SSD, that seems to be around 5Gbit/s).
Though I can see you mostly did the capital thing since borders don't show on the map it makes it look a bit weird is all, what with it not being entirely consistent (Some countries get more than one city, some don't, some don't get a city at all
It is perfectly cool, as long as the people you are helping are not permanently resettled in Europe.
Genius hahaha
We didn't care if other people were in the house, if we wanted to have sex we had it, we'd just be quit
Yeah, for danish it is spelled “døgn”, but means the same thing
I strongly dislike Liberals, if that wasn't clear by now
Ah, so the fact that Greeks and Turks differ on rather essential points is unimportant, yes
Good luck this summer, then
If someone knows please comment below mine, I am interested to know
And that is the message when people personalise the crime of socialism
Og indbyggermassen så benet
But you can get a low interest loan in addition to it
“Det er lige meget” (it is equally as much)
Other than national debt, what ascension criteria is Scotland not currently meeting?
Most nutters don't consider themselves as such /s
Yes in theory it could be that these uneducated people just like lung cancer but I would be much more likely to assume that they just didn't know
Oh my god, you're making me blush
Furthermore, it would make the drug more safe for everyone if it was legalized, so all in all, I think it should be legalized, but with an age cap at ATLEAST 21, preferably more
Why do Sweden always get credit for this
I never thought much about it, because I was busy
I used to ‘practise work’ in one of the biggest hotels in Denmark, and probably the most prestigious and expensive . I was only 13
though but that's as part of something bigger.
an example; You arn't automatically a Danish citizen even if you are born here to none danish parents, and becomming a citizen is extermly hard for none EU citizens
Same in all of Danmark
We also do that, but not with the hand next to your head
The electricity from those plants adds to the economy.
Oslo is essentially on the side of a mountain, in a bay
When you hit rock bottom, you need to keep digging, right
This story is not at all like the one we heard in school ( let alone how the 10 year grace-period, made it a trend to mainly buy pregnant women and/or rape slave women, so you'd get "two generations out of one slave".)
This has pretty much ended the practice.
[2019 results]
Nah, whether or not someone's an ass is irrelevant to me as long as they have an agenda I agree with
(I think that would be 10 or 11 years old)
I am talking about economical emancipation, meaning freedom from economical exploitation
In Denmark you can buy all liquor from regular grocery stores, weaker alcohol (less than 16,5% I think) at 16 and all at 18, and most stores don’t really bother to check ID
Thank you, Allies :D
Wouldn't change my shopping habits, but I would still be disappointed.
No race, religion or gender bias, just
It does not mean that we just have to take in whoever asks, without the right to look at what beliefs they have for example.
Edit: or "Er det det
We have nothing remotely recent to really compare it to
Last month I accidentally passed by Mads Mikkelsen (the guy that whipped James Bond’s balls in Casino Royal) shooting a commercial
People simply don't learn an entirely new language to be able to go on summer holiday
I saw an article that called hygge “a fantasy that could never come true” because apparently you need Georg Jensen China and organic hot chocolate brewed by virgins and cashmere wool socks to even begin to THINK you’re having a hyggelig time
* 1915: Women and servants get the right to vote
If the court judged she was mature and had taken the choice be own accord and if they have the same rules, it would hardly make sense to break up the marriage for it to be made again a couple of months later.
Mate, both these songs topped the charts in several non-German speaking countries in the 80s.
It doesn't feel right to prevent other people from voting.
It can be summed up in:
Unfortunately we do not have any specific rules for when we use en or et - we just have to remember it :) It is easier in English: a or an, or German: ein, eine, ein :)
ISO has variations for each local, Like ISO-DE, ISO-ES, etc
And the fact that you never know if the ending is gonna be good or bad.
Just that everyone (eventually) using Euros would be a good thing
It is pronounced as if you are going to say hose (like in a garden hose), but you come to gutteral stop before the end: "Ho-".
>  in regular supermarkets was Moldova, but they have lower incomes so it would be more as a %)
I've recently became very aware of this as i have to homeschool my 6 year old son
We actually have a Christmas tradition of giving similarly alcoholic beers, mixed with lemon soda, to children, where I'm from
Yeah this sounds right
We had an exchange in 10th grade with a class from Farum
But Denmark did miss out on the oil though:
While it is world class here for sure, our cities are still built around cars
Det er enormt underholdende at læse de andres kommentarer i tråden, og fedt at få en indsigt i hvordan andre mennesker naturligt strukturerer deres sætninger
I don't know enough about non-European skiing culture to say so, but it's certainly an integral part of skiing in Denmark/Austria/Germany
Some months we spend 80% of the budget and some months we lack a few euros in the end
Not true
What I experienced in Ireland was a work culture that was founded in distrust to the employee and focus on hitting obscure KPIs instead of focusing on efficiency and value generation
Skejsen by Molo
It costs us a shitload of money and doesn't really do anything
I mean, I dont mind it
I did however try an amazing burger in hipster burger joint
Kerteminde
Try having dinner at 5-6pm then
Yeah and quite openly
Peter Gantzler's accent in the first episode of The Last Kingdom is so overwhelmingly Danish I almost cried laughing
Is the raisin vs chocolate buns really a debate
No taxpayer bailouts should be free
So I guess we'd just call it "notes
They often had little choice but to become an informant.
2018] where the European Parliament decided to let Romania into the Schengen zone
This is the third time I'm editing this comment because I had to fact check what I said and it turns out I was wrong both times
But the outrage hurt Greenland and their fur production of seal skin.
The     Norwegian Council of Medical Ethics states that ritual circumcision   of   boys is not consistent with important principles of medical  ethics,   that  it is without medical value, and should not be paid for  with   public  funds
Same thing in Denmark: up on until 80s, the libraries were owned by the state and were actually very succesful as culture/arts/meeting centers.
Denmark has it on fridays as well
USA, maybe
And real life
Liberal Alliance will get 6 ministries, while the Conservatives will get 3.
I would use the darker shade of red from the naval flag in the normal flag
Also for night life and so, it is the most expensive.
Are you telling me Finnish men can match the levels of metrosexuality in stockholmian men
A lot of them also bring their own lunch for work too, though a lot of work places have cantinas with somewhat cheap food.
It varies alot in Denmark
Both talent going to the rest of EU, and tech conferences in Portugal
I believe even through referendums it's very difficult for unification of two nations these days
Sweden
That depends on how you define popular.
I live an area of Copenhagen with more Faroese than Danes and I can honestly say they beat Sweden in how little they like Denmark ;)
Arrogance and priggishness tend to be the corresponding failings of the urbanite
Millions of people died because the Soviets wanted to teach the people a lesson.
That's a very American question to ask...
Politics are complicated
Now this is something I can get behind
It also has the [Danish stød] on top of the soft d's, which is also terrible for foreigners to pronounce
Really had to do is Danes like that, huh
Could probably have done with atleast a cartoon filter on the outside picture but otherwise it looks great
An example could be at the end of "The Danish Girl" they used a shot of a fjord in Norway for Vejle fjord
That doesn't mean that we're not part of Scandinavia
I think that most people sympathize with both, but we aren't going to ignore how Turkey effectively tried to colonize Cypruss with Anatolian settlers.
Before High German was introduced/enforced/suggested all the way to the border one could say there was an unbroken language-continuum between Danish and German
Denmark treated Iceland poorly, but not as a colony
Everyone will remember USA as the winner of the space race, but it was probably the Soviets who had the biggest win of all
Then countries like Denmark and Netherlands will not be hit harder than we already are
In a gun fight
Wagner was certainly a deeply flawed figure, even by the standards of his time, but to simply dismiss his work as emblematic for this reason is, I think, misguided
Doesn't mean i can't reply though.
Their beaches were filled  bunkers, cannons, mines and machine guns, my beach was with sand castles and ice cream
I don't think it tells very much
Det er også virkelig mundret
raisin buns trick you into thinking that it's chocolate, but leaves you with a foul surprise
Not really a specific accent, but he would cut the end off words
Most of the ones who come to Europe are just as moderate in their beliefs as most Christians here are, and frequently identify as Muslim for cultural reasons rather than out of actual belief.
We have nothing remotely recent to really compare it to
when in Denmark, abroad "when in Rome..." applies, even if I can't shake the feeling that tipping is degrading both the waiter and me)
Switzerland has much stricter gun laws than the US in regards to how you can purchase the guns and how to store them
En måne (common/utrum)
If the consumer was always right we'd have no trade agreements.
If Denmark is out, I cheer for Sweden, Norway and Iceland
Why anyone likes that is beyond me, but to each his own
I did not say anything as I did not want to embarrass her
He was a titan amongst men, a figure that could carry a country on his back, better than lutefisk on bread
So there’s that
Have you read their statement
None, I prefer actual restaurants or cafes with real food
It's what you feel when you finish high school or something
Cloetta chocolate bar with Gott & Blandat in it
> when it's very convenient for western EU gov'ts to score political points by acting tough on the Schengen issue
i doubt having trump as an ally is going to help anyone.
Build it so big and shiny that it will make Trump jizz in his pants.
The most popular being football and handball
You could  literally teleport to your home address and check out your house like google streetview
rabbits are quite pricey compared to other white meats like chicken
Looking at this, not that great it says that they are at 12 % at the moment, and the center right wing party is hurting as well at 19.9%
It was maybe 4am and they were showing some women shooting sports
How did everybody not realize how trash these movies (and books, tbh) were when they came out
We set the flag halfway on the flagpole when somebody dies, and hoist it to the top after they've been buried
Seems like a Good way to end that tradition
The general view is very positive I'd say.
Then we need to take the final step we are just too different.
Scotland in the UK -> now wants to opt out
In Denmark it’s still “Andersen, Jensen and Larsen” with just one s.
to say the least
So having debt only in DKK makes literally zero difference.
>he does it only to provoke
This guy is pretty good:
That sitcom, which name escapes me right now, is still correct in that you really don't mention the war (to Germans) if it's completely out of the blue.
She strongly advocates the "When in Rome" style of respect, and has a reasonably good case as she has indeed worn the appropriate headdress when visiting the Middle-East.
One of the things I enjoyed the most was figuring out how certain instruments worked
Contrary to a lot of answers here I would much prefer that ethnic Danes made up a large majority for generations to come.
Why would you hate your own culture
A shared EU plan and a command sure.
The EU is already too political in my opinion, and should become a trade union
she had no sense of humor at all
While it may have taken him a few years to get over some anti-german sentiment, he still took in German children and housed them at his farm following the 2
best part, my dad only told me once we were home from vacation
People get better treatment for mental health issues
In most of the European countries I know of, people are probably *more* politically aware than in the US, and discussing politics is less of a taboo.
It's simply a welfare model, enacted in capitalist production, to help
For example, to me, people from Copenhagen or Nordsjælland have a very strong accent that I find hard to not take note off whenever I hear them speak, whereas people from say, Aarhus or Esbjerg don't (and Im not from either of those places, btw)
Still pretty bad, I hope their president will do something to stop it other than encourage people to keep working
Congrats on a smart decision .
Greco-roman influence
It helps that our flag is Christmas-coloured
Well actually they were Jutes from Jutland while the Danes lived in Scania and Zealand.
I realise trade with China is inevitable, but I have no desire to validate their human rights violations by opting for closer ties over those with the USA.
I keep them in the fridge because stores keep them refrigerated
I thought it was referring to a famine, like under the Soviets or something
Yes, it's used all the fucking time
One of my favorite places ever
Also reminds me how fortunate we are for living right in this tiny pocket of time
Here, it's more defined by how happy you are in general, or how satisfyed you are with your life.
Turkey is the historical enymy and the violent past is not that far back.
For the foreseeable future we are still dependent on oil for our infrastructure removing production from Norway will only make them lose profit and increase prices.
> That's not true
You forgot the innovative jams.
Of course not, but if you want to wait for an "uprising" of sort that'll take time.
We prefer to be called "Modern Day Windtalkers", thanks
Actually those that organize bike theft in Denmark are mostly foreigners
Pris: healthcare & free education to name a few
90 - halvfems or halvfemsindstyve
Edit: nevermind, I'm wrong
The reality is that a minority of Europeans speak Spanish after all so that could be part of the explanation I suppose
Low German - Less than Flemish, maybe 70 %. I can still get the overall meaning of the text
Unless I'm mistaken, the reason was, quite famously, "taxation without representation".
The guy is irrelevant now, so thankfully none of his nonsense was ever considered
The     College of Physicians and Surgeons of Saskatchewan has taken a    position  against it, saying it is harmful and will likely be considered    illegal  in the future, given the number of men who are angry that it    was done to  them and are becoming activists against it
Those are the only ones I’ve heard in use
Seems like a pretty casual sub so far
I really wish we could import some Swiss direct democracy to Denmark.
[A video about the strategic aspects of the war]
I do, I think you misread my sentence
"Wow, I can almost understand it
A whole bunch of the examples you've listed seem to be nothing but ordinary right-wing opinions and in some cases mere ignorance.
That is much more visually pleasing.
I'm not exactly a food aficionado, but the best meal I've ever had was in a pub in London.
On top of that, the world has changed in such a way that interdependency is so much higher today compared to the last time we had a great war because of globalization and international trade
He then goes on to say that no Frenchman will ever experience the pleasure of coming home to lunch as a 14 year old boy, thinking they'll just get beans on toast and then discover that "Hello, there's little sausages in there
Nights are awful and I wake up i my own sweat
>and can be argued as destroying the family's original culture and religion to make them into "proper Danes"
Certainly explains the confusion
I've hosted lots of tourists on Airbnb here in Copenhagen who had to try out Malmö to check Sweden off the list
Because my closest friends were Danish, half Danish/half Italian and half German/half American, we ended up switching back and forth between Danish and English to a degree that it's completely normal for me to switch back and forth in the middle of a sentence
Did you really call it Fröken Sverige, that's hilarious.
As for Danish/udlændinger population, he reckons maybe 2% of it are foreigners.
30 - because I need to wake up at 6
It's so far from an actual option, I don't think you understand.
The problem is that they lie, to make it seem like it happens on a scientific background in order to gain the needed support in parliament
In Denmark everybody speak English
Is that legal though ? People would be crazy when they couldn’t find out a car park nearby
The M3 and M4 lines are much more colourful than the M1 and M2 lines, though, while retaining the same overall minimal shape and style
Trying to prevent another genocide would probably be a good strategy.
Why are you calling me out and not them
Buses also don't pick up passengers if they're already half full
So I guess there is only sentiment against their being too many of them at our beach
KU (University of Copenhagen
How long has it been there
Learn the basics of H, D, I and ÆØÅ
Names that have a direct meaning (like snow) is translated, so its Jon Sne
Absolutely love Dublin and I hope I get to visit again soon
most of his cuts to it have affected managers and unnecessary people
Scandinavian countries' number of medals at the Winter Olympics
The boats often carry much larger numbers.
In Denmark it is transportation (mostly container freight shipping) and resource extraction (oil) that pulls the growth down.
Nothing's a bad excuse if you can blame the danes ;)
When \[insert Nordic country\] ranks as *Happiest Country in the World*, what it really means is *On Average Most Free From Material Worries* or something to that tune, not that we are giddy with joy and high on life, which Odin knows we ain't. Especially the British press had a bad habit of taking it a bit too literally
I’m a language lover who’s now learning his fifth European language, and i love to share my experiences with it
Swedes are the ones with the mullet (actually called Swede-hair in Denmark)
Do you mean the rejsekort scanners at Hyllie, Triangeln and Malmø C?
You know, thats an american thing
Kinda like Austria most areas used to have their own beers, this was the case in Denmark as well, so now some areas are very entrenched in our choice of beer
Do people from your country joke about reconquering a part of another
Can Estonia into Nordic
There was an issue a few years ago, though, where the mayor of Haderslev wanted a bilingual Danish-German city sign to accommodate the minority in the area, and was met with furious resistance and nation-wide media coverage
I can see why that won't sit right with people.
Unless they're just morons I assume they use "ethnic Italian" as a group name for all the peoples of Italy who's been there since..
There is no doubt that an EU passport would be weaker than the Danish passport
EU would absolutely have the moral high ground, and it is only in USA that denial of global warming is so widespread.
Suffering from succes
SH data probably shows municipalities > 1000 inhabitants, where the Danish data shows towns > 1000 inhabitants
\*shrieks in Malagasy\*
But nah
I bought 5 t-shirts for 20€ online and that was a Danish firm with Danish wages, delivery included.
And we The Got The T royale
Spending three weeks canoeing with my son
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I would just say "Hej".
There's not even a weird tendency to add "soft D" sounds to every word like they have in Copenhagen
Once again, thank you all for participating
We still miss to see Sweden granting Skåne, Halland and Blekinge similar referendums
* Straw: 2,7 %
You keep saying these things, as if these policies are made to make it better for the people in the country.
I mean 9 people is a start, but it doesn't really send a strong message.
A 15 yr old mentally disabled teenage girl who told her teacher about it
I live near a lake/heath/wood area where there's a large parking lot right by the main road
But I never knew onion on a kebab was a thing
No difference really
Two large cases were recently dug up from 10+ years ago, because who knows why
Your Danish friend must be from Jutland
I once set off an explosives detector when I flew into Heathrow airport because I had been on a military explosives course shortly before I had to go to London for work
This removed the dominance of the Danish fleet in the Baltic - the Danish claim to fame - and it forced Denmark to choose a side in the Napoleonic Wars
Australia or at least Melbourne felt very familiar for some reason
i saw a store that sold rabbits for
I just had my lifes best orgasm
Officially, the flag is known as Dannebrog and traces its history back to at least 1219
firstly we start learning it when we're like 6, and then all of our movies and shows are in english and not dubbed so lots of constant exposure to it
Anyone else - no, would never happen
the black marble is gorgeous
Disagree
Yes, we get it, you really really hate Americans.
Nope
..and then require helicopter rescue because they fall asleep floating on an air mattress and wake up halfway to England
they're not entirely like in the american movies though
I met an American exchange student recently, and he was explaining how you pronounce danish words, and as a native Dane (he didn’t realize at first) I corrected him, but he told me I was wrong until I explained that I am in fact danish
Which is kinda annoying I guess, but I don't think that's what was intended.
Most of Denmark was also occupied during the Second Northern War
Dumb women in my country is called a broom
Seems sorta self explanatory, but its not the weirdest line that's sorta meaningless in a modern context
it is so much more efficient to cut up all the food first to make it ready for the fork, although I do use the knife to get all the sauce on the fork as wel,
The Nordic Council members have also had that since 1952
This is played a most parties here and people love it
Is that really "throwing a fit"?
That's some nice pure ideology you have there
Yea fuck you mathilde, you karen
It was designed to be less than democratic.
You used the wrong image for Denmark
I was on a student exchange there a few years ago, and I felt completely like home
It’ll be hard having to deal with locals already having established social groups, learning the language, figuring out the bureaucracy, and so on and so forth
Those are very serious issues stemming from systematic issues with their society which we, as the more economically and socially advantaged part of the country, ought to help fix
And have since as an adult seen teenagers get refused in Midtjylland and Fyn
it is so much more efficient to cut up all the food first to make it ready for the fork, although I do use the knife to get all the sauce on the fork as wel,
> Dunglish
Yet I often pronounce said American words in a more British way
But, you know, it's a trade off
The dark can be a bit depressing though
Or are we talking about fantasy type stuff with orcs and shit
Trying to be the teacher's pet
So it have just about finished.
FYI: The guy you are talking to is the mod of /r/Russia.
I think most people here would think they are bikes only or something
I sometimes use topographic maps in Denmark
Exactly
It is encouraging though that the Scottish government has already committed to providing the same level of funding support for EU students applying for postgraduate study in 2019-20
Totally normal here, but the tap water from Copenhagen are a lot harder so some people would buy bottled water and store it, but only if it's on sale at your local Rema1000
I just had to get it off of my chest because I feel like people in my social spheres are endangering themselves and others by not adequately understanding this
As far as I remember GM was close to sell Opel years ago when in crisis, but then it dawned on them that GM research and development is really mostly done in Rüsselsheim.
It's a huge news story in Denmark atleast
And it makes sense, but yes I thought about going there when I went to London a few years back, but decided since you can't really get close to it anyway, you get more out of watching a documentary about it
Solid advice - the other day we ran out of whole fat milk so I made it for my son with full fat cream
And thanks for the background of Norberg; I thought he was generally well-known, so I didn't include it
Really
The numbers for "a-kasser" (unemployment insurance) is almost exactly 2,2 million (2,202,999), even though many unions also have unemployment insurance, there are also many that are independent
I can nemt husk back when it first blev sendt in the fjernsyn
Graphs, graphs, graphs
I can understand Norwegian just fine, but Swedish rarely makes sense to me
I'm glad the person I was speaking to wasn't *that* presumptive
The Nordic region is huge
I mean even down to the chocoladevlokken.
We have some woods where you can be alone if you are lucky, but being a small country, it would be hard to live as a total hermits
holy bits
Det rager mig en høstblomst
>By law, land must be built, but if anyone would settle for his own and let others enjoy the same right, then no law was needed
Jeans, t-shirt, light jacket, sneakers.
I also catch other people doing the same and I cringe EVERY time
word traveld far it seems
Hmm
But nothing about how oe would be only œ, and not ö..
Its way harder to be funny
I guess I'm just fucked since I will never know that shit
I distinctly remember that being you guys idea
Both Denmark and Netherlands have beers that look exactly like the ones on top as well.
Just a head's up, biking isn't \*that\* common for everyday commuting throughout all of Europe
Four times twenty (4\*20)
Try some earplugs or earphones with music.
Nogen er ental, nogle er flertal
Now, keep in mind, I'm not a professional in this field, but I'll try to cover the process as I understand it.
Christian IX ordered D G Monrad to declare that we surrendered but he refused, and eventually Monrad just started shouting (much like in Der Untergang) that the Danes would fight to the very last man
But we are proud of out old norse forefathers
Where eating healthy is much harder, and my taxes would be going to a government that does fuck all for its poorest.
It's also a way, I feel, that many Copenhagener progressives "write off" having to deal with people outside of Copenhagen, because they are 'just backward' and need leadership or some bs
Jens Rohde (Radikale Venstre) (NO/YES)
i've seen OTHER kinds of food-wagons/trucks but not like this
&#x200B;
I’m 16 and get asked for my ID maybe one out of 10 times I buy something
The way I understand it, is that Götaland and Svealand were separate nations but under the same ruler (somewhat like the UK) from around the 11th century and it was not until Vasa, they were considered one nation
Also, since France doesn't have a first-past-the-post system, Le Pen can't win without a majority - like Trump or The Conservative Party in the UK did.
Sod off Sweden, go play with your highest number of deaths per capita in Europe
And, you know, even if Denmark would have fallen eventually, just being able to hold out for a couple of weeks or even just some days would have bought the Norwegian Army and the Royal Navy time to mobilize, making an invasion of Norway impossible
Why would they if they have done anything deserving of being brought down
But when actually measuring the lengths of the realtors "stone throws", the average length have increased from 153 meters in 2010 to 239 meters in 2012
My family plays Bezzerwisser, Alias & Partners
Also, the whole tram network in Sofia needs to be either completely overhauled or replaced
A fifth of Denmark aren't old 'get off my lawn' people.
But we're moving away from physical currency anyway, so it won't have a major impact anyway
He did a lot of good, for his own country and for a number of African countries trying to liberate themselves.
Venice = Venedig
That is just an accurate statement, though
Ironically, the entire thing is located just on the Hungarian side of the border
Whose the worst nutjob in Russia?
There's always lots of people there, especially because the marked path is 2 km which is just the right length for old people and families with little kids
I'd say there's not much Danish literature that's openly quoted or used by people in everyday life
Even a single nation like France could not have existed in its current form if not for the ruthless oppression of local populations (Occitanians, Bretons, Basques, etc)
It's the opposite
Porn was still taboo
In a federation small EU nations would still have control on most internal policies.
Today it is a highly gentrified tourist trap
Can't just randomly ask an aunt at the buffet how giving birth felt
Yes, it's very common - I'd guess more than half of the population has a middle name
So it's all a guess
The results of Brexit still can't be calculated and atleast in my country our prime minister has said he will never allow a referendum to even take place(which is very much undemocratic and very much a bullshit response to make in my opinion).
That's likely to be a slight against the swedes than Danes
In Denmark, the age for when someone is considered an adult in sexual relations is 15
And neither do they give unemployment benefits to everyone
” Lol it isn’t enforced at all
[Here's the picture]
Det var det
ALL POWER TO THIS MAN
It's not really crime ridden or a shit hole (in fact most statistics says crime here is among the lowest in Denmark), but it's generally stereotyped to be filled with uncultured, aggressive and violent people - both as a joke and because people honestly believe so
I mean just look at personal unions within my own country: Denmark-England, The Kalmar Union, Denmark-Norway, Denmark-Schleswig, Denmark-Holstein, Denmark-Saxe Lauenburg, Denmark-Iceland etc
Always durable and high quality
Many do take a couple or more gap years for work and travel before going on to university
I'd commit voter fraud and elect her for a fifth term too
I personally didn't find New York and Melbourne more "foreign" than barcelona, and i don't mean that as a negative thing, it's just that real cultural affinity don't neatly fit into political constructs like "Europe", though of course there's bound to be some overlap
Thank you
They'd throw a hissy fit any time the door to their cage was closed for more than 20 minutes.
People kill 100s of innocent people in France IS fascism.
He relinquished kontanthjælp in 2013 and is currently making a living by public speaking, advertising, and participating in TV shows.
Raisin lovers get shamed big time (as they should)
It's also telling that this is the first time in Notre Dame's 850 year old history that it is actually on fire, so it's likely something that has been added more recently that's the root of the fire
I still love this song after so many years.
It should be the next lingua franca just to force Swedes to speak it
mOkAi
Language is fun
Been a while since I had Wienerbrød. Maybe I should go get some later
- Jesper Christensen
More people reduce their meat consumption and now the beef industry needs to find a new product, so they start making veggie burgers instead
Not to mention the fact that the weather is often gloomy
It really sucks, because having compound words is the best feature of our language, if you ask me
We're still pretty-pro EU, but we have our exemption and have repeatedly shown that the majority don't really want more EU.
Boom mics are usually used if there's a lot of movement during the show since lapel mics will make that SCCCCRRRCHHH-sound when they drag across cloth and/or skin.
\- Real snow
Not to mention the politics: The US is far too liberal for me
they did this because they knew muslim women didnt want to shake hands with men, so they force them to
Have a nice day
They've been Danish or Norwegian since Viking times.
Where are you from
I added that in spite after /u/wiquzor made fun of my spelling.
Though that doesn't make whole lot of sense either as it would include different large parts of the world while also excluding places like parts of Bosnia and Albania etc
Everything Copenhagen has to offer, Århus has something similar)
The amount of times I've had both friends and strangers tell me they were surprised I wasn't violent, aggressive, a slut, poor, unintelligent, uncultured
“OUR bike :))”
Basically the city decided Danish teens weren't welcome...
I don't understand why tourists visit Sweden or Denmark, and I say that as a very happy Copenhagen resident who wouldn't want to live elsewhere
I'm not looking forward to July
Trust in your fellow man
There's always going to be valid arguments for other candidates, but Paludan for me is a dangerous man to have in our society
I once had an easter lunch next some very senior Hells Angels, we got there as they were finishing up lunch and then they har like 3 or 4 bottles of snaps brought out
Halfdan (Dan for Danmark), Gram, Siger, Angantyr, Hroar, Hygelac, Helge, Frode
most of these suggestions just seem like punishing ourselves.
It is rare for the parties (9 Danish and 4 from Greenland and the Faroe Islands), not to declare which candidate they intend to support.
Is that just "the culture that the majority of the population identifies with", or is it "the culture that happens to be dominant in 2016"?
Fingerspitzgegühl, scheize, zugzwang, spitzenkandidat
Your country has chosen to become irrelevant on the world stage.
To me the alt right are just neo nazis and fascist trying to rebrand themselves.
More importantly is that it's consisting of a lot of islands with jungles, mountains and other kind of tough terrain, that are spread out over a vast distance, there are over 5000 km between the westernmost and easternmost point of Indonesia
Im not dutch in any shape or form, so that's probably why
In Jutland you have a lot of remains of the the old bunkers the Germans built as part of the Atlantic Wall during WW2
The last 1% can not read or write
- Germany
nono, we dont think that, we know sjæland is bigger
Then Iceland will actually be a land of Ice
And because of this we know comparably a lot about US and UK and are thus able to consume and interested in higher quantities and qualities of nes from these countries
Can relate
The hook/title is a word play on her name, it means ‘down with it’.
But depending on where I did it, I was either in the minority or majority
Five I think
Or central Asian dictatorships
(article in danish, but im sure you can find a web translator)
When it turned out they were under 18 (though the people actually buying the alcohol weren't), the cashier called the cops
And as a liberal I'm against many of those things too.
Not anymore in Denmark
I don't want to be tied to one perticular company
In other cultures - similar cultures even - it is eaten without raising an eyebrow
Denmark
A sloth is a dovendyr (lazy animal)
There might be a couple of people who don't really know how it works, but I'd say only few Danes aren't able to distinguish between Denmark the country and Denmark the Kingdom :)
The problem is that with a devaluation you need to work harder without getting anything out of it.
I cannot recognise this
so I assume those means protesters.
They come from countries in which the political climate opposes foreign military interventions.
Historically, when I have bought a 10-pack living alone, they're typically gone within a week
I propose we give Merkel the moniker: The Iron Chancellor.
with the constant sibling-bickering and -teasing still going strong
I've felt it twice, once it was so hard we had to slow down because the road was so terrible
It would be the same as someone making a thread about a person that was killed by the far left or islamists years ago
And Austrian also invaded us some 79 years ago
Reindeer and caribou are the same animal
That's the only time I do it too
But now I got hot choco so I can forget about it until tomorrow :3
Its like a celebration of the good kind of differences that there are
Most Danes do not have a flagpole or do the slightest form of waving a flag - Big or small - on those days
That is true
So true, same in Denmark
Honestly it's just a weird rich guy who decided to build a 3,5 million euro museum for all the stuff he collected about Elvis throughout his life
But not in a "we're super close siblings". More like "we're the siblings who always fight".
People opposed to this will inundate /r/denmark with angry letters, petitions to the PM to stop it, angry rants against the government saying we must put pressure on them to stop it, calling us murderers, etc
But why
Apparently he was eating at those restaurants which both serves burgers and steak tartare.
The symbolize wealth, and I can’t remember what the thimble and key symbolize
Germany has definitely been the main threat throughout Danish history as we share a border with them
Maybe because, we used to rule them, idk
i dont really care if there would be placed a base in Denmark
So it's not sliced for me specifically
In your options menu (where the My Channel, Switch Account, Sign Out buttons etc are) there's a Language menu, change it to English and it won't auto-translate anymore
Scanian have the throat R as well
in Denmark we also burn dolls (supposed to look like witches) on a bun fire to celebrate the days are getting longer
What food-related discussion is your country having
I, too, would be interested in a source of information about this story
< I thought it was beautiful to show that complexity in an otherwise unlikeable character, and the actor did amazing
When an election is declared the parties have three weeks to campaign and after the election a new one must be held within 4 years.
I just visited Austria for a week and spoke German the entire time
Personally I'd say pick a few countries and spend about a week there.
they represent joy and celebration, as well as symbolising a shared culture, language, and history
The first three minutes of this song would be the theme at midnight on a Thursday:
However, the most danes cannot remember them, they do them just
If the EU wants to help that region, there are be better ways to spend the money
At all
So to what extent the "Swiss people are rude
Adams Æbler (Adams apples) is excellent
And does that have anything to do with the sillicone in your username
If we're talking about Greece or India, we're going to pronounce it like a Dane normally would
You're both right
If it is the jar itself it would be neuter gender: "Nutellaen" but if it out of the jar some might say "nutellaet", plural gender
In general I dont know if I want to permanently leave Denmark, but I would like to live abroad for a few years through a job
It really looks like Sjælland and Malmø are connected.
English lessons start around 7
I think it's great
> Only 29% of Welsh people are able to speak Welsh
Schuss means shot
But it's not uncommon among the older generation to have øl and a snaps (øl med sidevogn) for lunch or after work at a pub
118 = one hundred and eight ten = et hundrede atten
And yet people keep voting for his party
Probably the Leader of Nordfront in Denmark or the Leader of hizb-ut-tahrir in Denmark
If you are like me and live nowhere near a border you might visit the cross border shops once or twice a year
Feel free to use it
Phone you know :)
* Sædballe (Semen butt)
No matter what you believe things should be called, the king is the head of state.
Yeah, it's definitely unambiguous as far as the status of the relationship is concerned
On a world basis I imagine
She cut off his penis and ate it, and proceeded to boil him in a big pot
Croatians do not fuck around
Often we would research a little but on a 2-3 weeks vacation we only plan the first days and then with a broad idea after that (and a departure day and place)
There are russians ships at France?
Not well known, but I love Alessandro Cortini
>This constitutional law is valid for all parts of the Kingdom of Denmark
Gambling commercials on TV
Met a whole lot of different people and cultures, and i also Got some great working experience
Really
In Danish there are three ekstra letters: Æ, Ø, Å, each with destinct sounds, which we use I many words but we don't really ever use the letters, it can be confusing
At most, historically, Denmark has had a lot of inlets
Old WWII tanks and what have you, but the guns aren't operational.
Well, since there's no age requirement to drink alcohol here, it's literally impossible to do underage drinking
I have also heard that, Danes were the "Italians" of Scandinavia and Swedes the "Germans". Norwegians were the "Brits" or something
On the other hand the one closest to me has been there all my life so guess they do alright
What I found was an amazing international community where I got the best friends of my life
That's already a rule in Denmark
Of course we don't hate the swedes of today
Capitalism must, by socialist, be opposed as the exploitative, alienating, and undemocratic economic system that it is
Danish TV-shows are usually short, but I think the show with most episodes is Bamses Billedbog (Bamses Picturebook) it was a childrens show that ran from 1983 to 2008
The airspace of most eastern European NATO members are protected by western European NATO members
Yeah, that's something to mention.
Just aoe things
We go to Germany a month or two before Christmas to get some goodies
At more "adult" parties, like weddings or big birthdays it is more common that the host provide wine and beer and at more informal gatherings it's common that each person bring something like a bottle of wine
Well, I can quite easily imagine a scenario in which the Greenlandic government succeeds in running a populist campaign for independence, then promptly collapses the economy
- maybe its the 4-5 largest French town.
Mullets are called svenskerhår - swede hair in denmark
Dane here:
Francois Hollande, Renzi, and Tsipras but we have so many monarchies that it's difficult
You are looking at this upside down.
I don't know if you are aware, but Denmark doesn't use the Euro as a currency and we are not obligated to join, we use the danish crown instead.
You Dutchies live in a wrong universe, we, DENMARK live in the rightest universe
It's easy to create an ideology, where you simply claim that everyone will have everything they need, and no one will be oppressed in any manner
My parents were Expats out there
Paying for psudo-science therapy and medicine is also a person's own business.
I still believe in making a massive saltwater lake in Egypt
On the other han i can tell you we have a city called Nyborg which translated to English is Newcastle
I work in an IT company, we are hiring like crazy.
[yes, really
They're practically unheard of in Denmark, but the further south you get, they become more common.
Does Sweden have a lot of abandonned building
I don't know if this is true or not
Don't listen to this Swede-pretend-Dane
For anyone wondering, with a rate of 129 the US would be right in the middle of Germany and Portugal.
Water doesn't taste of much of course, but like in my flat I never have like ice cold water unless I put it in the frigde for later
Please help - wtf did I miss regarding Finland
But most of the population sees the EU as a necessary evil.
How's the internet connection on Corsica?
Jokes aside monarchs nowdays have little to no power over such matters
>**Volapük** ([/ˈvɒləpʊk/] in English;[\[2\]] [\[volaˈpyk\]] in Volapük) is a [constructed language] created between 1879 and 1880 by [Johann Martin Schleyer] a [Roman Catholic] priest in [Baden] [Germany] who believed that [God] had told him in a dream to create an [international language]
"Skidesprællere" is tougher, though
Not if we did it alone, but if the EU as a whole stood up to China, I think the results could be positive
*"How many layers of renaissance are you on?*"
And why would that be a solution?
The American media doesn't really care about the dead people though, it's all about the agenda.
We could never
I wouldn't worry too much about language.
Last time was in 2009 when 3 Greenpeace activist snuck their way into a galla dinner...
Being German imply being European, and being European is part of what ties German and French identities together.
By is more like town while landsby (country/land+town) is a village and storby (big+town) is a city
But this is a different matter
You mean the danish Hans Island
if you always had terrible classmates, or none that you related to, no luck for you then
[So, basically
You had forest fires and what not
For me many Americans are selfish and don't seem to understand or don't want their taxes to go towards healthcare
I have a debate with a pro-imperial system once a month on reddit and maybe it's time again
Usually the areas around the coasts on eastern Zealand are very attractive and expensive, but Brøndby Strand is an utter nightmare
Flat land
[Here it is happening to a Danish youtuber]
I've done it a few times but usually not when the places were at their busiest
This was the entire year, very different from how we do it in Denmark)
For me - high school was so much better than primary school
Unions in France tend to be more autonomous, assertive and political, hence the prevalence of strikes
I think stress has a much larger negative impact on life expectancy and general health than one might think
He'd likely just get a "Hey <name or nickname>!" and nothing else
Source: I live in denmark
Ohmy, i have been at cafe jens otto with my sister
Watching the programme, it seems like every field in the UK is chock-a-block with Samian ware and tesserae
Now that's definitely the part I'd have started with
", etc
Verden Vender by Gilli
CR just acts as a "netflix" for Anime, still need country-specific licenses
except maybe bornholm, our little island just south of sweden
I don't even want to imagine what its like in 50-100 years if nothing is done about this
i don’t understand why anyone would want this
Ecco has a big presence there, to name one ️
Odd, I'm taking my masters in history now and it's something thats discussed a lot in the topic, that we until recently didn't tell the truth to the broader public
I think they just find westerners different and interesting, but it does get annoying after a while.
Same for æ ø å in Norwegian and Danish;
You use the flag to celebrate or mourn, not as common room/house decoration
All I knew was, that if I had little trouble understanding it, it was most likely Norwegian
The EU and all EU member states give more than 5 times as much in foreign and development aid as the US.
Pipfugl = Tweet-bird
And it's actually from an American hospital
Things that personally bothers me:
And then it goes on about the lutheran church
Maybe because a Danish mile was ~7
Tak
Nah, no one except Cameron can take that honor.
Dying is easier to escape than face your actions for many years.
Sometimes I feel like Greece is the Florida of Europe
Sweden, Austria and Britain, France and Spain - Europe is full of countries that have had and since lost an Empire, lost great swathes of Land and Prestige to time.
Some authors and works stand out from the rest though
Who the hell thought that hiring a middle achool bully as a teacher would be a good idea?
Too many people
There are many fish and chip places in Copenhagen
Both the former and the newly elected Iranian ambassador has refused to greet the female politician.
I'm embarassed for my country
There are a couple of terms relating to my hobbies that I filter out as they tend to go hand in hand with drama in the subreddits
Lots of dictators in history have had 90+ percentage votes in elections
Teenage drinking is basically an integral part of Danish culture
usually, if you were slightly late, you would get 50% absence, but it was changed to 100%. that means that if your bus/train was late or cancelled and/or you came late by a few minutes, in the system, you were never there for the entire period
Growing up the most popular comic was an illustrated version of the myths for children called "Valhalla" by Peter Madsen
RUC is regarded as a hippy-dippy school, but I've never heard of it as being regarded as worse academically
Bradford, England
stop
I feel left out
Most wine I've drunk off regular kitchenware was bought by the liter in those bring-your-own-jug wine shops
It's always sad how few countries understand that lesson.
[Here's the border from 1864-1920, if you're interested
That is an attack on Iran, as much as killing a US general and his aides would be
It isn't from Proto-Germanic, which was spoken some 500 years earlier
okay, well, we do that every day already ourselves, so feel free
And I repeat, why is it illigitimate for an Icelander to give an item to the Danes, and the Danes then to keep it
Well its a law from like 1800 something, times where weird and shit, why some politicians is still defending it is a whole other matter though.
This is the reason why some countries actually welcomed the Nazis, as they hunted the communists out of their country
Your ROI claim is based on the poorer countries buying things from richer countries
Are there any ongoing conflicts in the Balkans
Gammel dansk (and bitters in general) is not that common, especially not after dinner (I associate it with old people really) .
Food from India and Greece
Nothing tops Moses and Apple for weird sibling names, though
North Germany and Platt has had a huge influence on Denmark since the 10th century and 1864
Claiming that the US is the source of all the world's evil is just as US-centric and exceptionalist as the people who claim that the US is the best country on the planet, God's own country etc.
Good aim and slingshots
It's unlocked
Dictatorship isn't decided by the existence of spotify and paypal
It has stabilised after the contraction that occurred in 2015/16 but stabilising after a recession does not mean all is good!
But i guess the genocidal maniacs don't get asylum up here
Apparently you receive more people from Sweden than you export and therefore the map shows a new flow point from Sweden to Finnland.
I think that's why it's most of the time on the masters level that there's foreign universities, since that's mostly taught in English anyway
Doesn’t he do it mostly in nørrebro
idk, last years winner was terrible, but still won.
There's an episode of black mirror where the villagers speak Danish
Danish police very much carry guns.
Noooo
Her father, my great-great-grandfather, was a ship captain
Maybe outside of EU
There was certainly a clear distinction between the several tribes in Wales and several tribes in England all the way from Roman time, but at that point there wasn't really a "Wales" or an "England", so it isn't shared history between two different countries but that shared history between several tribes within the same landarea
All the countries bordering the Baltic Sea + Norway is increasing its military budgets as a response to increased Russian aggression.
What are you talking about
fair enough, it *has* been a while since i went to school...my point still stands though :)
If Danish is what you speak I hate it too.
Most health organizations in the world with statements on circumcision are opposed to circumcising children:
Forelsket
The official tourist board wouldn't *lie* to visitors and taunt them by having a mermaid as their logo, come on
Bad
For most people sure, but some people dont see well, so it being a call is a nice option
European cars are becoming increasingly automatic as well, party because of rising demand for automatics in Europe and decreasing costs
Disclaimer: these are standard Copenhagen practises
But the infographic is about EU countries
Im kinda sad that its always the dutch being the "Bike country"... We have so many bikes too
To be treated differently than the people that voted for her
I think she'll have a better chance at getting China to release the 1 million Uighurs in the camps in China
The US always responds monstrously out of proportion to any suspected attack
It's 28° here in Copenhagen and I feel like I'm melting
Please tell me how you filter things
It is used around Christmas as "julegodter" = Christmas candy / cookies
I promise you
The politicians might have understood and read the details, but since nothing indicated this had any chance of succeeding in the early 1970's they opted not to "confuse" the common Dane and ignored the information.
Only hunters can have rifles and the market for that must be miniscule.
it had a weirder nose
- England
OP here
Not exactly “no other languages”, but rare enough:
[This picture] of Queen Margrethe II
Damn he's brave
The peg ensured Danish politicians did not devaluate the currency, but found a different way to regulate money flows
In Denmark we don't do it regularly but we have a holiday in June where we do.
Also, many years ago a new, fast train had it's maiden voyage
Of course you can keep the dishes in there (as in it could fit dishes) otherwise It'd be pointless
When I was a kid back in the 80's and early 90's and we visited them, I had a really hard time understanding anything
Or are we talking about fantasy type stuff with orcs and shit
80 - firs or firsindstyve
Maybe Mexico, gotta know where to put that wall
" meme
I'd say unless you have all the luck in the world (meaning somehow managed to get an apartment that's less than 1120+ EUROs per month all included, either through parents buying it or a stroke of luck) then you save next to nothing - and whatever you save you would probably spend on bigger expenses like dentist or technology
I'm going to Valencia next janaury on intercambio :)) viva España.
As a Dane I have no problem with teaching kids where super market meat comes from.
Let me just post you some links that show you how wrong it is.
And yes, xenophobia (and a certain prideful ignorance) is definitely a particular fault of the rural
I guess not
In the news: [QUEEN OFFERS TO RESTORE BRITISH RULE OVER UNITED STATES]
We didn't first support Saddam only to invade and dethrone him afterwards.
I was not stating my own opinion
Amsterdam used to be called Jerusalem of the north, but things changed during WW2.
Please don't introduce yourself as being from a specific federal state before the country though
Yes
That would explain why he's still gaining points
Lightsaber dueling
And that isn't simply per year, that's after 10 years with TTIP.
"/"I don't care" in around 2015
I'll give it a go, but these are not particilarly easy to translate directly
And the unification by a woman (Queen Margrethe I) was a major achievement
No, to be serious, there is actually a lot of lacking knowledge of this period, mainly whether we originated on Zealand or Scania, but regardless, we ekicked out the Herulians, who for some reason became kings in Lombardy
We miss a national plan though
But it goes both ways right
) a free education it's not nearly as big of a problem as Denmark already has free education that doesn't require people to move "far" (relatively speaking) away to get it
I live in a town, but according to wiki, it was [established in 636 AD] so 1381 years old
Expensive as heck, rides are half assed
It was an obvious attempt at directly integrating the duchy of Slesvig into Denmark, breaking multiple international treaties and ending in a war
The Rus were a separate group of Vikings (most likely from Sweden) who went east and settled in Ukraine around Kiev and around Moscow
No, see, the Italian trains ran on *thyme*, which was a terrible and wasteful process.
It took me a few tries (or around 40), but ultimately I got it
Randers is a good example in Denmark
Of course life can be busy from time to time, but rarely so I miss sleep and food
It just seems quite odd for a democracy, I mean technically we have a queen in Denmark that needs to sign off on laws too, but in practice everything is purely democratic.
Like sure, the symbolism is more tied to Easter, but it's still somewhat Jesus-related
hang on a bit
I know London is the largest city in europe (with the exception of Istanbul and Moscow) but in the unlikely scenario of independence it's not known how much would leave the UK.
Apparently that worked
She is getting fried
It's my tax-payer money that's going towards sustaining their economies for nothing in return - I feel like I (and many other Danes) am quite justified in finding it rather obnoxious
Now nearly all of it is fields
Reading about the handling of the Yugoslavian refugees was what made me realize that everything was going to be okay.
I saw a rule for spelling necessary
We’ve been posting Donald Trump stuff for 4 years
Time to make Danelaw relevant again, we leave them alone for a thousand years and then they do this
Press the button: tryk på knappen
Dane here, we could call them the summer germans, but it would be a different reason from the russians
Cause at least in Denmark, snus has been getting bigger and bigger since the mid 2010's, so much so that it has helped decrease the amount of youths who smoke
(Amalie is a very common name)
As a woman there are also areas I avoid walking alone if I can help it
We know the names of the states and their approximately  location but the midwest and North east can be quite hard to perfectly pinpoint
Rådhuspladsen (townhall) most of copenhagen
I read this comment, and then all of a sudden the guy on the radio [presented this new band] who are inspired by Anatolian psych rock
No one really *likes* ads anyway, so people are generally fine with it I guess.
Personally I never thought of it as algebra until I went to uni
Because historical linguists have had it too easy for too long
It would help some against negative press against the EU.
It's not US terminology, it's North America terminology
Standardized computer monitor size
This is going to end in tears if it isn't stopped.
And while modern cars have more features for emergency breaking etc
I love that I could rock up at one of the liquor stores at 3 in the night, talk with a dude through a window and buy beers to take home before catching the airplane
Yes, but we are talking about the use of it
i've only heard about it in kebab/Döner boxes
At the same time you have to ask how you could ever trust any of the lying sons of bitches
Good to see y'all are getting out there
Convenience, higher influence on EU monetary policies, and showing support for the EU project
Cool
I love summer
Did you even read what you quoted?
These resources could potentially have been used to help homeless people, so wasting time and money like this not hurting anyone is questionable.
“verandere das Leben von Millionen”
I don't quite understand why all members should vote on laws and regulations that only affect a few select nations.
I know some of them, but not all
Well actually people mated and produced more people indeed, but we ended up with less people due to illness
I did not know, it was a non-English invention :)
How do you think Estonia was trying to join
Brb, sending an application NOW!
You eat it with small biscuits called kammerjunker in
Random islands is the UK's main contribution to humanity
We’ll take back our trash thanks :)
And when you are done, be happy you are born in one that did implement it.
I’m not familiar with the younger generation in general, so the following is based on my sister
- A municipality has an area they would like to reforest
Embassy personnel responded with teargas, before Iraqi military and police forces eventually dispersed the crowd
But I never knew onion on a kebab was a thing
Assad is shit but he's the only real option to bring some stability to the country.
Edit: I may be spreading fake news about the Herulians
METTEEEE
5 billion euro) to EU from next year, and we are getting less and less back from EU
I started learning english by watching videos
This is straight untrue
Are you an Australian of Italian Heritage?
Even shitty drivers tend to slow down a bit when the conditions are obviously dangerous.
Then, Copenhagen Business School is the place to go, not just for Denmark, but for all of Scandinavia
I think the kaiser would agree with me.
Even if Denmark invested the 2% we would still have an army, navy and airforce that is quite lacking.
Damns for everyone
We have 25c for almost 2 weeks now, here in Denmark, this is already the year with most qualified summerdays in years, I have no idea how to handle this and I'm expecting the rest of the year to be rainy any day now
but I do that
Majority of gazans support hamas.
Yeah
I’ve never seen it for anything other than that though, and I couldn’t imagine watching a Tarantino movie with that kind of dub, but it sounds interesting lol
Britain, Brittany, Brythonic, Brittania, it's like they are all variations of the same word, huh
Pretty sure there's even an English cover that charted overseas
Swedish propaganda I guess
Snus is still pretty awful afaik - a friend of a friend had to get surgery because his gums were practically rotting from using the stuff
There is just too much of it on this sub, compared to the progress is has made.
Beggars are banned in all of Denmark
I plan to move there to teach in like three or four years, but haven’t really priortized learning the language yet, and it sounds like I don’t really need to, so that’s nice
If Kremlin wanted to pay I would at least consider it because getting paid to shitpost on Reddit sound like a pretty great deal.
empathy (or maybe I mean compassion
Det var mere fordi du skrev 'everybody', og det var ikke lige noget jeg genkendte
I live in a right-wing area, and if I go 5 km north they're even more right-wing, but if I go 10 km east they are left-wing.
That is bordering treason
Russia is making us all look good
I really hope so, because that is by far preferable to all the alternatives.
Our family used to enjoy visiting England together on "vacation"
It is actually kind of important to specify that it also applies for Greenland or the Faroes (and Iceland, at the time of writing I guess)
I'm just wondering
immigration and climate change
The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is the agricultural policy of the European Union.
I live in Copenhagen and in many ways, it's great - a good balance of green areas and city
Not a priority and an extremely long waiting list causes it from what I know
If we let a 1000 in, and even one of them is gonna behead someone, then don't let them in
Oldest flag country here
Aalborg
The software could fudge the numbers and no one would be the wiser.
Depends on where you walk
We put a witch on there, usually made by school children
Empathy with those that themselves show empathy
This is the good kind of renovation, much better then modern renovation that destroy buildings
If you need alcohol to forget the reality then you're welcome to visit Denmark :)
But many rules are specialised for different places, and so it would make no sense to universalise them
The final product has been upscaled to 4K resolution, so you can print it and hang it as a poster
Wouldn't a wealthy you still dislike coffee?
Thing about that is, it turned out some of those news reels are faked.
They should just not be surprised when politicians from other countries doesn't treat him like that then.
Yeah
It's more like playful teasing between the countries, while in reality we are very close (not just geographically)
E.g. lowering unemployment rates in these areas, more qualified employees or even cost saving
Yes, of course they do
That guy is an embarrassment
What happened in Russia in 2010
The entire map is filled to the brim with references, I'll post an overview of them all at some point
Do you pay more or less when declaring a religion
>Except it has only been a country since 1944
Yes i think we have determined that now.
Nope it does not work for most of Vendsyssel
I am huge fan of Italian football (Ac Milan)
Calling your kid Tor or Freja or Balder isn't uncommon either
Why do Americans (or you, at least), think everything people do in other countries is somehow putting on a show for your benefit?
English has adopted the Danish word *hygge* now
IANAL, but I think that you could set up a pub as long as you get a permit and don't serve alcohol to minors under 18.
It's not really common to know about Greece being orthodox unless you have been there
For Danes: Lyndanise, near Tallinn, Estonia.
Excuse me, we have SKY MOUNTAIN (147m), thank you very much
The same artist actually did the [Finnish Maiden ] as well
If they pass a plan they leave May 22nd
Swedish is a beautiful language, it's a very melodic language, if you ask me
Also, doctors can always refuse to perform euthanasia.
And making people show ID is not taken seriously at all, saying this as a supermarket cashier
And now it's probably more like this:
Otherwise it's so obviously Sweden.
This is a song which is often a stable of danish funerals
Great choice, my favourites have to be Tap7 and Weihenstephaner though, when it comes to hefeweizen
There is a Danish word - dyneløfteri - meaning lifting of bed covers.
Just a shame we didn't do more to stabilize Russia and make sure that Russia became an ally.
I hear that many monks were saved by the vikings and brought back to scandinavia where the vikings also helped them find work
As part of a feminism campaign a journalist decided to make yoghurt based on bacteria from her lady parts
My god our languages are just that similar
That's true of most religions
Russia is a tiny economy with little manufacturing compared to china.
>Sooo how do you say 755 278
Especially since the filters on those power plants are very good.
The danish youth smokes the most out of all Nordic countries, or atleast out of all Scandinavian countries, I don’t remember
(Plus it's a pretty dangerous slippery slope.
If letting Catalonia go would worsen the lives of 45 million people then Spain should perhaps concentrate their efforts more towards those than the 7.5 million people.
People who vote for the right wing
The same goes for immigrants from any country, religion, culture etc.
This is actually quite good to know, as whenever one of my acquaintances would return from study exchange programmes from the USA or UK, they would seemingly "forget" many Danish words as they spoke exchanging them for English ones, and this would annoy me quite a bit as I thought they were putting on a show to seem more worldly
Do you know of any good starting resources for someone like me?
So is the little mermaid, still just not impressive at all.
"I" and "i" is "in"
According to Google maps it's around 50km
I recently took one of those geography tests
This is the sad story of Skipper Bent
All of South America  correct, but only able to place 50% of the US states correctly
That's Jutlandish, not Danish
Yeah I know I'm about 20 years your senior and my hair and beard is greying, but come on
En sol (common/utrum)
Why someone would combine them in 8 charts beats me
Bulky items are picked up once a month and stuff from the garden twice a month (but not during winter, except for Christmas trees)
Jews and nobody gives a shit about the feelings of christians.
Oh, is *that* why my YT playlists are suddenly riddled with unplayable tracks
Historical events and objective truth are excellent for the suspension of disbelief, but it's not really ever what it's about
I'd imagine Bornholm would've been given to sweden though
"Spurgt", originally meaning "asked", became a way of saying "did I ask
I spent some time researching this topic as it is a rather interesting debate, despite how lopsided it is on Reddit
There were a smaller danish liberation Army in sweden at the end of the war  - i presume - if the Russians came closer to mainland Denmark - the Germans would have sailed them to Copenhagen themselves :-)  Bornholm wasn’t that lucky - and were bombed before the Germans accepted to surrender to the Russians
If war broke out in one of my neighbor countries, i would gladly take in as many that needed protection.
Denmark:
Temperature does not change
Or both perhaps
How dare you
Now we have the shortest of the bridges on the 200kr note, and that's just silly
Also maybe the tick - around 300 people every year get seriously ill from tick-bites
From a danish wiew, Sweden bad, Norway fine
And I had somehow always thought differently, but TIL
Denmark
In the latter case, they are basically identical, sometimes hardly even dialectally distinguished, but considered separate because their speakers won't deign to be conflated with each other
And herein lies the key philosophical difference.
In Denmark, the big fear is for the Danes to lose influence in the political sense
while RT's rooting for Fillon.
I'm a little yellow fish in the deep blue sea
You buy a piece or a whole of either (or a bag if it's grated cheese)
Maybe the EU isn't so bad after all...
I've never heard of this one
The E.U is far better at knocking corporations down a peck than the U.K will ever be.
Whats up with that
"We can't control what other countries do".
It will also be necessary to rekindle class alliances and re-building the political hegemony on the left that working class interests enjoyed in the past; to reconcile the growing split between workers and intelligentsia, which has been spurred on by anti-intellectual rhetoric from the social democratic side in particular
> I'd say that despite not being "in the middle" of anything
I'd also wager and say that NL has a much better and more equal society than Ecuador
Yeh, definately wasn't a save....
Exactly this
Also: What beer is best
It's the same reason but opposite case of why Croatian and Serbian or Hindi and Urdu are *not* considered the same language
That means if we were to be translating New York into Danish it would be "Ny Jorvig"
This is common in a lot of counties, but I would imagine even more in France due to the sheer size of Paris
What's scary is that the Devils Hole is more than 150m deep and the bottom has never been mapped
> The idea that we have "no go zones" is pretty laughable
Sleep - I get my sleep
New Zealand
The EU has historically been pretty flexible about this sort of thing.
“Klar eller eg, nu kommer jeg”
Well, "bror lort" was slang at the time
Why does it bother you that i dont give a shit about paying a very small amount in church taxes when im agnostic
Florence = Firenze
Honestly, i wish you the best and please get that clown out
Both are mentioned in the Sagas
They would minimum have had English in school
Every time I need to search something up in Portuguese, every single result is in Spanish
Same here
Give us Rufus Gifford back, then we'll talk
This is mostly in regards to Greenland, but by owning it, we have *significantly* more to say than if we were just a small nation at the edge of the Baltic
Feel free to correct me if I am wrong
> germany will become southern denmark
“Damn this queue is moving slowly”, “yeah haha”. It’s mostly not me, but the strangers who initiate this type of back and forth
Jeg ville satme ikke kunne bo i Hørmested
Depending on the type of text anywhere from 10-30 (in certain cases even 45)% of the words will be from German origin
In Danish we have our own equivalent, -en, which is used in place of it (Prussia is Prøjsen, Italia is Italien, etc)
Bonus question
I still think My Lovely Horse by Ted and Dougal should have been your 8th Eurovision victory
A third of russians are also Asian
Moose is American for Elg
That was like 30 years ago btw so the horror of trying to draw it really stuck with me
cats are dangerously cute
The inverse, however - the ostracising if not downright persecution of conservative voices, is far more common
Hahaha this happens so often on my morning commute as well, and it's the most awkward thing sitting there, with nobody closer to the driver doing anything
We barely did anything and for that reason we only got Slesvig-Holsten back
Bouncers are extremely racist and would rather let 13 year olds in than someone middle eastern
I had a feeling this was the case
Eslali
You got me there
Roughly two fifths of a euro
then I imagined how weird a birthday would look like with the german or french flag, because the danish flag is "*the* birthdayflag"
But i don’t actually think it’s a common name anywhere in general
Highway motels and prostitutes are already on the way
Im imagining giant canned rotten sharks in icelandish supermarkets now
But Copenhagen really isn't that different from other large Danish cities
Might not be a bad idea, depends on how its implemented.
Jason sounds badass and masculine imo
Not a priority and an extremely long waiting list causes it from what I know
IIRC halvtresindstyvene is supposed to mean 2
Well, we appreciate the efforts anyways
The ocean step is probably the by far most important one of the bunch, because if the marine algae that produce 70-80% of all the oxygen we breathe today die, we're *all* fucking toast, not just humans
An Fhrainc's Diary
It's called "kontanthjælp" which translates to "cash assistance". Our high taxes goes towards for example money for those who cannot work, like cash assistance, so they can have a decent life with their own home
I demand both in order to compare.
If you can talk the Czechs into paying us Danegeld to stay away we'd gladly go drink somewhere else
(Millioner, Milliarder, Billioner, Billiarder)
At first I thought this was wrong as I remember this being legal for a long time in Denmark
If so, then yes and no
The form of government shall be that of a constitutional monarchy
I don’t really know how it is from a norweigian wiew
The original danish lyrics can be found [here
Watching a single youtube video can easily cost you 50€...
poppy seeds *everywhere*!
That's the first time I've really listened to the language.
I was born and raised in Midtjylland, but my dads parents had lived all of their lives on Langeland
We couldn't understand her, and neither she, nor any of the locals could speak anything but Polish
than women in less egalitarian societies.
too many useless carbs
That was some serious fucking pain but luckily it didn't last too long
I've seen hours upon hours of footage of young males who were not born in Europe slapping and fingering women who were born in Europe in the streets and attacking people in groups.
Some places in central Oslo(Karl Johans gate) will charge you upwards of €15 a half-pint(although this is the extreme, not the average at all).
This is not stupidity, it's a political strategy to pander to stupid people
People you meet generally won't judge you by your nationality.
europe abandoning the refugees still stuck in syria and unable to leave the country is genuinely shameful.
Administratively Denmark is divided in to five regions with pretty boring names, North Jutland, Middle Jutland, South Denmark, Sealand, and the capital Region
Grækenland - Greece
Nuclear power totals 66
They would pay less, but still
DTU excel in engineers, but DIKU and ITU are top Computer Science schools
If I had to *move* there I'd have to deal with all the different shit..
I buy men's pyjama bottoms from H&M since they have even shitty pockets
Hopefully getting some nature preservation aid for it.
I really didn't want to get into a political discussion, I was more interested in the changes to humanity.
It's sometimes difficult to hear Sønderjysk apart from Vestjysk if you are not from the area
I know a lot of international students work in food delivery as it's flexible with hours, and you basically just have a bike to be able to work, and the fact that when you are an EU citizen, as long as you work 10 hours a week, you are entitled to the study stipend of approximately €800/mo which will most likely pay your rent and food
Rivers
You literally cannot talk to someone from another Scandinavian country without them doing the potato or kamelåså joke at least once
Source: A hat German
That's still pretty common here in Denmark, at least in the area of the country I'm in
According to this Some of the military spending is not actually military related.
Well, unless you're planning on winning the lottery, or inheriting from your rich uncle, you'll need one.
We don't nor have we ever, but it's apparantly a thing they are even now taught in school in Sweden
It might be because the stay-home-mom thing just doesn't exists in Iceland?
Who let you loose
What a fucking braindead moron
This means that when I talk about 'liberalism' in the context of politics, I am also in extension talking about the sociological concept of superstructure(as opposed to the economical base)
Granted, it was primarily because of a loophole in the law -we were the first country to legalize and industrilize porn, and nobody really thought to make an additional law against porn with children when sex with them was already illegal
Thanks for letting me know
That way there's at least some good to it
quality and because of Apple's business model
But in the end you earn less, but you also spend less on various things like healthcare and education
Its incredible that people still think of Russia as some superpower.
You can't solely represent your voting percentage, which if I remember correctly, was about 51-52%. Then you risk alienating the remaining precentage of the population and possible entrench them further in their stance
They need to dismantle the dysfunctional parts of the EU, namely the disastrous euro and the Schengen area.
That has always been the situation, and is still the situation - people don't want to be ruled by foreigners, particularly not ones that are culturally different/opposed
One is built to house a noble family without fortifications, the other is built to hold an army with lots of defenses.
Ten years later, in the same countries, this subject was never brought up.
Yes and no
wtf finland has 5
yeah it's kinda just as dark as British
Flemish: Surprisingly enough to understand a little bit, AFAIK first time I'm reading it, but not impossible
The real threat is people that put people in jail for making postes....
So #1 allying with #7 or #8 would be acceptable, but not #2 and #3.
Maybe we'll see eachother again
Sure, they might let welfare state etc.
Me too
We had to import a lot of pine to stop desertation of Northern Jutland and to cultivate the Jutlandish heath:
In people's houses [these] are by far the most common type
Emil: E sounds like e and I sounds like I
of foodborne outbreaks in the EU/EEA
Vitamin D3 toxicity is ridiculously high
The liberal government abolished the national measure of poverty, _fattigdomsgrænsen_, in 2015, just two years after it was introduced, but _if_ it was still in place, we would have seen an increase of poverty in Denmark
Admiral Horatio Nelson is known for his large naval victories in most of the world, however, in Denmark he is known for [the bombardment of Copenhagen,]  which is considered the first terror bombardment
They speak something that is not easily understandable by people speaking modern, common Danish
The state church is officially governed by the Queen (in practice not really) and the church is by constitutional law required to be supported by the Danish state.
Damn
Random islands is the UK's main contribution to humanity
What about Grundlovsdag, I think that constitutes our national day/holiday.
Keep in mind that over many years, Sønderjysk have had a stronger germanic influence, whereas Vestjysk kept closer ties to West norse
I thought that was Vendelbo
We just spell it Mortensaften
Ugliest fucking Danish person in existence...
I guess it could go either way
If I can answer on behalf of another country, [this] parody of [Drank en Drugs] is an absolute banger
He used to say:
Tak, ik den fedeste fødselsdag din bedstefar havde der
Again, this is obviously only from my own experience and exceptions exist here as well
Also, on Danish birthdays in general, there are Danish flags everywhere
in the more northern parts
It's not necessarily legal to fly foreign flags
But even then a certain amount of sharing is usual
Tons of countries don't have proper bottle and can return systems
worth of snus, and sell it back in Denmark
Ahh, got you .
Various chunks of Germany were Danish for a millennia
I'm not sayings it's going to go well for Wilders (hopefully he'll fail), I'm just saying that that is what will happen.
It's sunny today, but not as much as yesterday
I actually live close to two - the Wadden Sea, the worlds biggest tidal flats, with imense  biodivercity
What made you become so judgemental?
I'm Danish (I've investigated my family tree and haven't found any immigrants yet, going back 9 generations on some branches).
No reason for a farmer to be a know-nothing, nor his wife
A large Danish right wing party also got caught and has to pay back a sizable amount.
but it's SO much easier to find gaming related websites (for example) in English
For men: Holger, Frode, Verner, Olaf
I think the royal families actively try to avoid this because of all the shenanigans involved
Everyone I know who works in leather says you guys are the best
It's possible that Vendsyssel and the areas around Aalborg had snow in 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004
But we can all agree that farmor and farfar is used too
“My bike”
It's really really obvious you're mistaken...
In the last 20 or so odd years, liberal and social democratic governments alike, the tax-burden has been lightened for the richest, and spread to the broader population, dis-proportionally affecting those already weakest in society
You are correct, and I was misinformed
If you eat better today than rich people did 50 years ago, has that nothing to do with economics?
We're a sea away, and I don't want to fight them.
>Denmark is building a bridge/tunnel to Germany as counterbalance though
So you're saying US gets free pass from killing innocent civilians because it is legal for them to invade?
Mind geblown
I'm not part of the far right....
The longer I live here, the less it’s been a problem
I don't know what dukes and lords and whatnot do, none of them are famous.
It's been criticized repeatedly by various human rights organizations.
Yes, most of the time its so very obvious for whom its a second vs native language
Well, Denmark doesn't even have a national day, lol
It was not from a European standpoint there was an error, it was our own state tax agency that seriously messed up.
Pay up dude
In regards to the your middle quote, yes, but that's not what you're arguing
From what I have been told, it has only been used once and we are not even the only country with that law
[Remember poor Biorn]
I honestly don't know how we do it
Dude, you need to read up on the meaning of "whataboutism". The issue is that a lot of Europeans here (and in the polled people presumable) seem to take a perverse pleasure in seeing Americans suffer
However, I must admit that I have a hard time understanding them when they take place in countries like Denmark.
Also, it's not an "open faced sandwich", it's fucking smørrebrød
Many of the kids from the experiment died young and the once that did not were left with severe emotional trauma
I know 23° up here isn't much in comparison, but I'm suffering and have no clue about anything AC
We had a 16/17 years exchange student from France over as well
We have "farm santas" in Denmark as well
E.U member states are stronger together.
But snow usually starts around mid november
I think both Australia and New Zealand have pretty nice shapes
It’s just  [some paper thing] you get
Slå en streg
Actually true
In Denmark you use the first name (or nicknames for some professors), it's super casual
>The law must benefit honor and justice, it must be tolerable, according to the custom of the land, appropriate and useful and clear, so that everyone can know and understand what the law says
I misunderstood your comment
It's the best, really, it's true - so great.
SMW toolsettet gjorde set desværre like muligt for mig at lave små øer
We don't even want Skåne back anymore, after you have fucked up Malmø so hard.
74%  of   Australian  doctors overall believe circumcision should not be  offered,   and 51%  consider it abuse
Why on earth should we return what was given originally, unasked for, as a gift
For sure
Would make more sense to have Eagles of Death Metal play.
He obviously doesn't appeal to everyone which is fine but he brings classical music to the masses like no one else which I find good.
*wrong* to buy a bag of candy on a Tuesday night
One anti-danish post after another
You don't even need a flair for me to guess which country you're from.
I have never heard the word "buttneck" before, but that would make sense
But how much do people really use that
The default assumption in the USA is that everyone's American unless something gives you reason to think otherwise.
There are 3 people in the frame
I don't see that as rude at all and certainly not as a bad thing
Was can't Serbian companies sell their products in Croatia?
>!The Nordic model isn't particularly 'Social Democratic' for that matter either
No, we've never ever heard that reference before, sorry
We’re by far the ones that gets the most language hate among Nordics
A Dane who doesn't like rye bread
Yes very normal here in Denmark and it is delicious
The UK is extremely dependent on the EU and breaking out of the common market would completely ruin their economy.
and i would assume that Denmark would consider an invasion of sweden, an invasion of Denmark, more or less
How unfinnish
That's how it's going in most of Europe.
I always feel sorry for people trying to learn danish
But my fascination includes; The megatrend of the Eurasian steppe meeting European agricultural cultures in Ukraine
Plenty of people deserve getting punched in the teeth as well but you're still going to get punished if you actually punch them.
And 9 times out of 10 we're right
non of them were banned more than 25 years ago actually :)
You could have, and we would've helped.
It's not for nothing that moldova is the least visited country in Europe
Innovation and being competitive goes hand in hand.
In danish the term “feltmadras” (directly translated “field mattress”) is used to describe danish women who slept with the occupying german forces
This happens even if the procedure was done abroad.
No need for gymnastics - hence why they dont appear until 100 years ago
I guess the map is trying to avoid Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll :-)
As a foreigner, it will be nice to return to some kind of normalcy
Just sounds so old-timey and cool
Orten låg ursprungligen vid nuvarande Triangelområdet och avskars från Öresund av ett kuperat sand- och insjöområde.
I used to order all my pantry shopping from the UK
Soon it'll be quiet
It was estimated that Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller had around 125 billion kroner (16 billion eur) around the time of his death (2012), but it wasn't exactly known.
She had to move her financial policy a bit towards the center because she needed RV's support.
I personally dose 70 a day
I live on a small island, and the most common word, I find, is hæveautomat.
> This guy keeps the whole government in check and nothing happens without his consent and he is not even the Prime Minister or President
Cool
It's difficult to explain
i - In/inside
what if we asked real nice tho
An icy curtain has descended across the continent"
It's mostly a British/English accent, but I've heard Scottish, Irish, Australian, and basically every other English speaking country
English lessons start around 7
And also please don't wear any headphones, not hearing anything can really distract you
I've been there
Farlig Fredag with Onani (masturbation)
Hehehehehe
They are just a bit slow
Working on my knees with kneepads is uncomfortable, can't imagine doing it a whole day
Imagine if Randers ruled the nation
That will hopefully result in the German language being less of a necessity to learn in the eyes of the schools and ministry
Love the way you guys pronounce it "Sjøpenhaavn"
Young people didn't go to vote.
The customers are businesses, which fill the the trays with eggs and then distribute them to retailers
In general you can't be fired for things happening outside your workplace, so as long as you don't start spouting communist ideas in your workplace, you should be fine.
we (my class) also made beer with him
I was hunting for a gift for my son.
Me: it's hard brexit then
Limbo, inside, Hitman series, Subway surfers, space hulk 2013, mini ninjas
Ja ich glaube das dänische Wort kommt aus dem (Nord-)Deutschen, so ist es jedenfalls oft
That German/Russian border makes me kinda nervous
Since Denmark has a pegged exchange rate, it doesn't have control of its monetary policy.
I have commented on /r/turkey quite a bit and it's certainly quite liberal and anti Erdogan, so that's also biased.
I mean that's probably quite close, assuming the language you're coming from is German
The Germans will have to sell their cars elsewhere and we'll have to sell our pork elsewhere
12th largest country in the world
First I got a painter, and was a tad confused
Bare vent til Østersøen fryser over
I love the people, but hate their politicians(kinda like every country ever).
I think there was a study done that showed that regardless of how long your holiday was, the effects wear off after a few days
Every time I talk to people outside of Europe that is basically what they think is all there is
Hvad med os fra Læsø? :(
For me it is only Danish and English, with a little bit of the Norwegian one
That hatred is still in me, but it's targted at Neo-Nazis and not Germans
Norwegian is a very pleasant language to listen to, as even a grumpy Norwegian speaker yelling at me (that never happened!) sounds like a friendly person having a happy moment.
In Copenhagen, a lot of people only have the healthcard, outside most use their drivers licenses as their main ID
USA are mostly mixed European - more than Europe which still stick to many nation states - so if shouldn’t surprise that US movies have broad appeal
yep, or vacation in spain is one of the most popular areas.
Beyond that, no
IMO the big problem is that they got so much weird and private-label products
People generally visit Denmark *because* it's not spectacular and dramatic :D
I like sharing and tasting someone else's nice drinks
We'd normally cover between 6-8 topics per year in Denmark, sometimes more depending on the topic
That is when my English improved significantly
And don't even start on that Brexit Idea
that's it
As a Dane, I’d say that’s fair :-)
Luckily (in my opinion), Germany (the most powerfull European country) is looking pretty solid
Specially if they’re Nordic
Our son started bringing his girlfriend home for weekends when they were sixteen
Check the link to the discussion in the Danish sub.
But we are an Aldi North nation
That’s so weird hearing from a Frenchman
\*re-reads flair*
I love Bornholm a lot, but it's surprisingly different from the rest of Denmark
At least that is what the exchange students here do
You should check your numbers again.
Just subscribed myself
They were intended to be for refugees like we saw during WWI, WWII etc.
You can be as blasphemous as you want here.
The text makes sense
The front singer in Volbeat has even made some excellent death metal with his former band Dominus
I think Finland Swedish is one of the easiest Swedish accents
I seem to remember hearing that you must have a safe for weapon storage, which the police can inspect at will to ensure that it's stored correctly
The first challenge of my lessons will always be getting my students to pronounce my name correctly (especially because they'll have seen it written on their schedule before starting, so most will assume it's pronounce like most languages would)
And I don't really see how any key cities are missing, isn't every European capital represented
I have a friend whose grandmother is Polish (so he has basically no relations to Poland at all), and he still gets called a Polak
MØ)]
In denmark its (from what i know) english, followed by german, french, spanish and chinese
København: Capital, crazy night life, shopping, worlds second oldest amusement park in the world, (the worlds oldest is Bakken, 10 min
It was a rival to the Danish king and the interests of the crown
They are compensated for very unusual hours e.g. starting at 4 in the morning, so it makes sense really
Honourable mention: Scooter
Yet clearly, the differences are substantial - the issue of religion not least of them
I dont suspect that millennials have this kind of 'sophistication'.
No chance they're socially conservative in how they view other people/society, but less libertine than previous generations in how they live their own lifes and generally fairly fiscally conservative I can buy.
The famous Norse drone operators were the true stuff of legends.
Ah the good old is it Åbenrå, Aabenraa or Aabenrå question..
At any rate I love Copenhagen, weather and all
* Norwegian: 99 % (written Norwegian is essentially just Danish where the words are spelled closer to their pronunciation, though there may be a word here and there that differs from Danish)
This will probably prolong our master plan of absorbing Sweden into the Kingdom of Denmark.
Same for me too xD
You're right, it is still very unhealthy and should be avoided
no_real_reason doesn't understand the concept of cultural appropriation
This is like when American liberals make those "The Queen of England makes Trump look like a dumb dumb"
It's a woodraulic press
Take your card out of your jacket when you step on the bus people
When that's done you would be weaved into a wooden wheel, put on a stick and left for the birds to eat you
I've never heard the word used as such.
I used to make them, when I was a kid
Are you kidding me
That the weather an interesting topic for conversation and that Denmark has the best educational system and the funniest humor in the world
This is about the impact your country has a peace on a global scale.
It's all mixed up in my family, we call farmor, farfar and morfar just that, but mormor we call bedstemor for some reason
but we never heard about WW1, what caused WW1, and how it relates to WW2
Then you have people playing on their ipads
Had to clean the walk way every few hours
We will gladly restart the Kalmar Union, and resurrect its former glory
there's nothing good about this.
Russia and China
In Copenhagen it has always been quite good, and the way the infrastructure is laid out hasn't changed much
I don't think that Erdogan believed that Turkey could join, but he wanted to be able tell the voters that Turkey is still on track.
In Denmark it's like 1100€
They also drink and/or smoke less than their mediterranean neighbours.
2010
I somehow misread the first word of your comment as "I" and thought for a moment that Mr
We are constantly looking forward in politics
And I love it
If the EU mandate a minimum wage, even a relatively high one, the wages will stagnate and the incentive to join a workers union become smaller while the business unions can always point to the minimum wage whenever there is a negotiation (every 2 years)
Edit: also Tim, Wind or win (same word in danish), trapdoor, cage, Paris, clear, oddense (not odense), a town named happiness in danish, one named throat, DARKNESS, Dad's island (so that's where all those dads go), Gram, them not a translation, a town called make out, #Humble, and aother beer one this time just beer place, Monking mountain city which is near stonelittle and dianafield which is 8 and a half miles away from piss lake, hope you have a foot fetish then welcome to foot city, rude which is in english window or the english word rude, fan island where i grew up, there is also  Fokkenborg which sounds like fucking castle and it is suppose to i think since there is a rumor of in people who used to live there couldnt hold back of fucking eachother, also pikhade which translate to penishate, bored visit boring,also btw people talk about that wales city alot what about the danish founded new zealand city of  Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu
And while not likely, it could happen if a candidate gets mixed up in some scandal or bad publicity or is just totally unacceptable to either leftist or centrist voters.
You mainly see it in written French
I keep a brisk pace but I can never live up to the expectations of Google.
If the Queen or the HoL stops a bill because of a "rogue parliament" then they would go against the will of the parliament which is elected and thus getting in a Constitutional crisis.
Amazing movie, though the American version is censored / edited
Sadly not a lot of love for art deco around here
It really depends
No I mean grind as in pilot whales
Try taking the train in Denmark anywhere else than Copenhagen and you'll feel differently about taking the train
Because you missed an opportunity at rebuking me;) the entire Danish royal family is French speaking.
I enjoy not being "bothered" when I'm just out and about in public, just because I'm going shopping doesn't mean I'm interested in talking to every random person I see on the way there
Hence /u/FraeRitter 's answer being top, you could likely find people all the way to Moscow that will say no to being Eastern European.
Warhammer players buy mini medieval soldiers to paint at home
We bike almost everywhere
They don't really ensure stability or really decide much of anything though
Everyone loves 'everytime we touch', but seemingly no-one likes their other stuff, even though it's really good
There's a reason "love" is in Slovenia :)
Kinda ironic how we once owned so much, and now so little
I feel its a terrible deal
Vi har bare ikke særligt mange af disse “eksotiske” navne her i Danmark, lol
Nope hahah would be pretty if I’d just be spitting out danish words expecting some kind of translation
We've also travelled to the UK and Dublin
It's not that a lot of people can't understand those languages spoken, but it's much easier written
Well first of all the E.U actually has some rules countries like Romania have to follow (As they agreed to such when they joined up) so Merkel is fully within her rights to call up the Romanian President and see if she has a right to be worried about the ongoings in the country and whether they could end up in a position where they would be breaking some of those rules in the future.
Example: Island = Ice Country
No wonder
It sounded horrible
Their languages sounds terrible.
It's fair if you don't like bad jokes
Poland experienced the same, up until it had improved to a point and then people started to go back to Poland
I remembered Gorm's father Hardeknud:
Also, Christianity was a subject
It really is
Ordnumgsamt - what a great word 👍🏻
Can relate
Pathetic, Danish has 32, but only 9 symbols for vowels (a, e, y, u, i, o, æ, ø, and å) and some local dialects have more
The inflation percentage is not the single number that is important
Thats the exact same in Danish
It's often cheaper than what our gas and biomass plants can deliver, especially during the summer
**Yugoslavia  (circa 1984)**
Tuborg is the company behind our J-Dag here, we call it Tuborg Julebryg, which is Tuborg Christmas Brew when translated
like this  (Pretty NSFW)
Moesgaard Museum in my home town of Aarhus is legit the best archaeological museum in the world
They've brought it down to 3 kr now
I just finished my master's in history, and there is a lot of focus on Greenland through the Danish history modules
I also really like that they include all the racially tone-deaf speeches of the times
It depends on where you live
I like Italian wine best
I’ve understood that he will only step down if his party fails to form a government based on the election results
Kinda weird
The first ever military bombardment on civilians happened in copenhagen
Why do you ask
Because a couple of years ago there were something about the group I'm in of buying one of their huts
And it's about to close actually, so don't think I'll ever get the chance now
Wtf I can still watch it, and I live in Denmark
Spanien - Spain
I think stress and lacking sleep is very common here, although it depends a lot on where you live, what you work as and your general lifestyle
And ofc the answer to all our problems is more EU.
Being easily manipulated and having no grasp of his duties and the power struggles around him, he gave up on his duties
So it's not even the capital if the country it's situated in
“Alcohol at 16
It simply could not afford the large motor ways other cities build in the 1950's and 60's so instead it made bicycles an alternative to cars
Interesting
You didn't have to go that far m8...
The healthcare card is not really an ID card
Well, held og lykke :)
* Isabella -> Isa
The war to inevitably lead to the next, bigger, war
* "
In denmark you need to be a licensed hunter, which only gets you guns and bullets for hunting purposes, and you must keep them in a special safe.
I know that it *could* be a good thing - but that it absolutely requires that money are sent from poor areas to rich areas.
Yes, for EU citizens there are a few more rules, like you have to work 10-12 hours a week
By Danish tax laws you have to pay 8 % in taxes for the blessing of having a job.
I will admit, you guys did a hell of a job in both WWI and WWII
Personally, I eat out maybe once every other month (excluding McDonald’s and such) and I think that’s pretty standard
If the PM doesn't want to meet with the Turkish PM, then he shouldn't have to.
I would argue that one can't point to exactly one reason why the workers movement succeeded in Denmark in a way it didn't in many other countries
I grew up where Senecas was often quoted
It is not ethnicity that dominates the debate in the north.
There aren't many, if any, mentions clearly by any ancient historians like Pliny, Tacitus or Suetonius
I am organised, even now, while studying, I am active in the labour movement
People opposed to this will inundate /r/denmark with angry letters, petitions to the PM to stop it, angry rants against the government saying we must put pressure on them to stop it, calling us murderers, etc
Trump is coming to Denmark, so no it doesn't .
We Danes are also more or less forced to move to Copenhagen
Has a nicer ring to it too
Anytime, friend :)
Germans are a bit weird that way.
So you don't want the femmern tunnel?
The state of Denmark's highest point is Gunnbjørns Fjeld on Greenland, which is 3,694 m.
We're baaaaack
The latter particularly disturbs me, since it often seems to be deeply held prejudices and indeed hatred passed as being "woke".
Actually yes, we can have problems understanding each other.
Socialism/communism is basically a bogeyman at this point
I will post updates here when i get get more stuff done
I'm guessing that if they don't reside in the EU, and don't really do business in the EU, then you'd have a hard time dragging them into an EU court
Denmark has no mountains and gets almost no power from hydro, we rely heavily on wind and sun
Yeah, that surprised me as well
The only thing they have in common with Trøndersk is the vowel sentences
The Norwegian Children’s Ombudsman is opposed as well
the germans had been talked down to and utterly blamed for the first world, when you are blamed for all mankinds sins, there will be a lashing out, and the longer the build up the worse.
Lots of mountains up there
They're not English speaking, and we became the place to migrate to in the EU.
I'd say H C Andersen is probably most common
Makes you realize how much effort has gone into making these countries
Okay upvote for the surprise of seeing this deep down in a thread about Helsinki/Finland.
but we were stopped at the border because we forgot some of the papers for the car
The hunt
What's a must see place/thing you must try when you visit your country?
Sure, but to make any kind of further economic integration possible, you would still need full agreement from all eurozone-members.
Du har kun lavet en enkelt fejl, som rigtig mange danskere også lavet hele tiden - nogen vs nogle
The case with Iceland is as well that you weren't even independent since the last big war.
OK, I hadn't seen any unblurred version, but then it makes more sense!
Yeah, definitely a trap
We're not all as proud of it as we like to pretend.
Everyone from England, Wales and Northern Ireland would go to Scotland for a free education which Scotland obviously can't afford
It's quite naive to think that only the Dutch have issues with Gypsies.
That's close to the thinking she had, that the workforce is full of monolingual Danes I could one-up
What is the purpose of the people's lawyer?
What you guy need is a (peaceful) political revolution!
Norway and Finland for sure
So it’s my overall understanding it’s all small fries here
Most of the dialects are just minor changes in the language, but off the top off my head I'd say dialects from southern Jutland, western Jutland, and the island of Bornholm will cause the most problems.
> We can technically use "love" as a verb (We love, we have loved etc
" and then you immediately read that this means "Jeg kommer igen senere
IS it just me or does that sound similar to something happening in Denmark?
Scooters are super popular among under-18s since you can ride EU30's (30 kph limit) from age 16, so a lot of people (especially rural people) use them as their first vehicle.
A lot of parents are gonna look into a Xbox/PS4 for their kids for christmas rather than a PC.
I guess I don't even think of the white stickers anymore because of the EU-plates.
Even with a high-speed train, I think very few would take the train from Western Europe to the Balkans
Bro, makker, gutter and simply "drengene" are very common
Petersburg roughly 6 times a year, since my girlfriend lives there, so I have seen it first-hand a lot
It’s just that a lot of Scandinavia is incredibly rural and have a small-town mentality that you would find anywhere
In the panthenon of Hitler, Mao and Pol Pot
The only really good heating is in my room, which I don't use, since it's already very hot inside, with windows in my room open from the morning to afternoon
What's a kebab knife called in Turkish?
i personally am not social with people here but i greet people when i pass by etc
You asked every single german
We still practice the tradition of Jul or (Yule in old Nordic/German ) in Denmark
I'm not sure how true it is but there's also this idea that it can be hard to travel in Spain if you get outside of the major tourist spots because of the language barrier
But many rules are specialised for different places, and so it would make no sense to universalise them
Bernie Sanders and the sane people
High taxes
At least “Swedes are gay” is an actual joke, obviously nobody thinks Sweden is more homosexual than other places
Good thing there always will be ironic good morning chat pictures to provide a meme baseline
My train just stopped at and left the Central Station in Utrecht
Crazy how nature do dat
in denmark we are a few funny cities names like our capital which if you translate it right its buy a dock, aarhus which is year house, københoved, which looks like københavn our capital the diffence is one is in jylland the other is in sjælland, and one roughly translate to something legal and expensive and the other is a buy a head, we have a cities named barrels, we a town named taller, blue water is also one, an ironic name my hometown esbjerg which roughly translate to ace mountain and if you know denmark youd know why, have a town named the road, we have a town named odder which is the word for otter in danish and there is no otter there, we have one that translate to beer good, and sædding which is sperming, of course we also have the town named cum or sæd
So Dutchies I have heard bad things about Amsterdam but great things about Utrecht and Rotterdam how accurate is this?
We Danes sure binge drink as well, but it seems more common here to drink a glass of wine to dinner on a common Tuesday than it does in the rest of Scandinavia
That's a Danish Summer
Dutch parliament approves partial burqa ban in public places
When you boot op World of Warcraft When it’s Not done downloading, But it says playable
Here he beheaded the count in his bed, who now haunts the building (there are some factual difficulties here, as the building with the window was built around 300 years later and the old building burned down, but still)
Many see it as "cheating" lol
My though was similar
Why I can sorta understand reservations to gay adoption but what's the problem with gays having equal rights to straight people?
University history student here
Yes
The Koskela names
I want milk in my coffee, but pure milk I won't touch
If that still doesn't cut it, then i rent a trailer, for free, to attach to my car
How about some Kalmar Union
So that's why ETS is so good, it's not from Germany ;)
Central Copenhagen, so many peolpe going to tivoli, the H C Andersen statue ect
Which confuses a lot of Americans when I live in USA for a while
A third, and final one that sticks out, is explaining social cues
And all the issues with Greeks in Turkey and Turks in Greece during the 20th century were *purely* political
But some people go for 3 though!
Basically the same situation in Denmark outside the areas with district heating coverage
[this] is the worst provider we have...as you can see, there's basically 95% with 10Mbit/s or less (according to themselves, so likely this is best case)...and there's areas with no data coverage at all, or even call/text coverage (rural mostly though)
I was slightly under average
I like how nothing happend to Denmark
Luckily enough, there only really seems to be 2-3 numbers calling me from time to time, so they just get added to my list of blocked numbers
"Og hvad fortæller klokken
Why are we posting about a single individual that was killed years ago
It's always the "color" of the person you mention.
But I really like the story of Pinocchio, so I'm happy to see that it's finally starting to move along
"I know it was not translated because of Cantonese
For instance I consider islamism to be a new brand of fascism.
Wealth inequality is hard to measure and research
Will we force companies to only pay at a certain cap even though they might be willing to pay more for local skilled labour
Yeah, one of my old colleagues does.
Some Swedish criminals also exploded two bombs in Copenhagen
You also have *halvannan* in Swedish
- I like that everything is super close
elitist idiot who only cares about the wealthy.
Then why on Earth did he want to include it on a list called “the 7 WONDERS of Europe”?!
Danish and Swedish
It doesn't even have to last that long
This sometimes results in two Danes not being able to understand each other
Ernæringsmæssigt er det ikke en specielt fiberholdig ret, men er dog den eneste ret i en pølsevogn der henvender sig til vegetarer
Good thing too
I would love to see the deputed territories getting referendums
Grandfather on mothers side never said much about it but on his chest was to big knife scars from a run in with Gestapo
So from a personal view here: Churches in opposition to other non-profit organization can get their status extremely easy also people who donate to them are tax exempt.
Wouldn't the ability for Greece to have some control on the value of its currency be a big help?
I am really starting to doubt that Britain will go back to it's old glory days by stepping out of the EU
I mean in the sense that the Ottoman Empire was an empire in decline that had lost most of its European land, but was still a great power and potentially a threat.
Many Americans are extremely poor by western standards, and cannot *afford* vacation, whether it's in another country or the next state over.
Personally I'm just happy about the Visegrad group and Hungary, showing the way forward.
I was sat at home eating leverpostej when Mette ring
>Those churches where you sing
A lot of the locals were hanging around, sipping coffee and idly chatting, and the innkeeper offered us coffee, and asked
Oh yes, cake for any occasion
Yeah that's right, in the low, non-mountainous parts of the country or the valleys]
Honestly I never really thought of that
You are a riot
In a few years you guys will be swarmed by international journalists and bloggers trying to figure you guys out.
I was told by an English speaker that I (and most Danes, according to him) have a habit of using "learned" when we should be using "was taught", due to Danish using "lært" for "was taught". Since he pointed it out I've caught myself doing it once or twice, so it's certainly a thing I do
But there is nothing wrong with gender and racial profiling men of African descent on New Year's eve, when it is men of African descent that is behind the vast majority of the problems.
It's not like Russia was socialist 30 years ago either
In Denmark
When that’s done we put on a show for the whole school and then we took off to a theme park
Talrig (Danish) = numerous
I love my country and feel very much at home, I think i would fit in just as well in norway tho
A cooking show made a sketch about it
"fours" or "four-times-twenty".
Almost nothing i care about, is covered in Danish
As someone else mentioned it looks like ha has a police uniform on so might be the government, isn't Belarus a puppet state of Russia and have they not had protest against government oppression
Example:
My country seems to be the worst
I don't mean RUC is literally worse but more it has a worse reputation
only had it once in grade 6 or 7 i think, but yeah week 6
If you approach them however the fact that you are American will make you their favorite person and they will let you join them for a good time.
That sounds ridiculous
There is a good reason why it is a good idea that people with criminal records can be elected though: some form of protests against oppression are illegal, but they are seen as saviours in hindsight
Ethnicity =/= Nationality
Excactly
Are they cutting down the trees to make farm land or something
Even our language is adopting english words instead of making up our own new ones
But you took your sweet time getting rid of us
> [...] the key to a successful democracy is one, where everybody's opinion matters, and thus compromises is at the core of the process and an extremely important part of how the country is run
IMO the big problem is that they got so much weird and private-label products
You must be mistaking me with some strawman you've conjured.
I study history and i'm currently doing my bachelors project on Justinians influence on the Byzantine Empire, and i consider my self a pretty big helenophile.
That man just eating next to him not giving a fuck
**Copenhagen:** Left-wing students and muslim gangs
What the Danish political party says is that if wants the EU to use sanctions against countries enforcing a trade embarco against French products
In Denmark we don’t get snow
That makes a lot of sense
She is basically a woman who creates fog by brewing a big pot of food, which makes people get lost and walk into either the forest or rivers and bogs
The first king of Denmark is Gorm the Old from 958 and there has been a king or queen since then
First time I was in Barcelona (in '97, I think) I saw a guy casually picking lifting the purse off a scantily clad tourist's shoulder, and run off
Louis = Ludvig
He then received and accepted a formal invitation and the Danish government started the extensive preparations
Here comes the strange part:
It's edited into my previous comment now
Not much of a survival rate :P,  but the westcoast fishertowns might be places were dialects a somewhat alive
I grew up where Senecas was often quoted
Denmark is generally considered to be founded as a country in the 8th century, but there are signs of a country already from the 6th century
That is a direct link to the legislative system.
We're losing a part of our history and a part of French and European culture and symbolism
>Basically, the argument that immigrants are forced to give up their children to learn Danish values, religious holidays, language, and tradition, that isn't required for children who don't live in low income neighborhoods
Actually you guys might be innocent
Instead of being stuck in inner city trafic, you can just work while your car drives you from a rural place to the city
You know the whole Christianity thing bro
Finland Swedish is also pretty easy for me
Yes
Islam takes no prisoners and is a dead-end.
" (hullo/hey)
Sure it gets colder in Japan than in Morocco, but the daylight is way more evenly distributed there, than in Scandinavia, where there are places, where you basically don't see the sun for between 3 and 6 months
Well, the Danish use of "lækker" perfectly resembles til Dutch way to use it
Pretty sure we have the highest taxes
They are more rowdy than in other countries
>Error 503 Service Unavailable
the law of jante basically just means, don't think you are better than anyone else because you are not
If you count districts in cities, it’s most certainly [Freetown Christiania] though
Point 2 would probably be popular with the populist right wingers but not with any others.
We use aksler exclusively for mechanic parts
It's not exactly something you can prove, but maybe the fact that people in Europe don't wish death on homosexuals and heretics show we might have come a bit further than a lot of the Middle East.
Australian College of Paediatrics:
Omfg you tricked me
But maybe you could have free movement as in "free if you can prove valid stay" - not as "Police have to prove invalid stay" ?
I have to call/SMS/Mail them if I want to set another time, but I have a flexible schedule, so I just let them book whatever time they like
It's mostly Germans but also see quite a few Norwegians.
There is seemingly no reasonable explination for the phrase
I miss Belgrade crazy place to party, to answer you're question we go to nightclubs to get laid, and bars to get shitfaced
Of course, Christian II most likely didn't mind having an excuse to take revenge on the rebellious nobles in Stockholm, even after they anointed him king, but it is after all the church you should blame
But it made me realize how beautiful a moment like that can be
A really well known foreign language?
Right
En/et gummi (a rubber)
I think you're overestimating the effect English is having on smaller European countries
UK: I vote against your nothing
Sure I get it, so Banks is just a disgruntled former ally trying to undermine him.
Honestly, we don't really have anything important to speak about anyway
We used to have a Minister called Willie Søvndal
I've used English to an extent where it seems natural to get stuck in one of the codes once in a while
The pH scale here in denmark
but that said, i've not really asked around
Yeah, I was wondering the exact same thing because 10,3 L seemed like nothing.
I think I am pretty good at understanding Norwegian now, even from people who live pretty high up north
Only advantage is the annoying neighbor Sweden is gone
I like being multilingual
It is, however, true that the Vikings most people know about - I.e. the ones who invaded England and France - were almost entirely from Denmark
It is also a very important in the Western-European nature, being responsible for the recovery of, among other species, grey goose, white-tailed eagles and spoonbills
i really dont like the danish accent
Asians are people from asia
I think English is a wonderful language
I could not understand why you felt so strongly about this.
Couldn't you put the book title in your post, please?
Well, I am aware of that
Spring > Autumn > > > Summer > Winter
Now this is the perspective from someone in their final year of high school
The potato thing can go for every country
I wear "Home clothes" every day
How do housing prices end up like that anywhere in Norway?
Run before it's too late
I sometimes forget about it so I’m unfortunately not knowledgeable about it enough to include them
It really serves the general point that there are no major differences between Danish universities
Orthodox attitudes in U.K was too strict if we compare that with Islamic attitudes in Ottomans
That was rad
No, we didn't have IKEAs where I used to live so I've never seen such a thing
Only the really large companies (like Nestle) were paid
Angribe/attackera is a good example (should have checked that one
Classics: Air pods and yeezys, the newest iPhone and apple watch
Empire and that was making them respectful to other ideas and believes
It's a riot
UNESCO World Heritage Site, Ilulissat, Jakobshavn, Greenland, Denmark
C - kul(stof)
Fiddling with numbers to reinforce your political point ought to be a moral sin in journalism, however correct your point might otherwise be
The way he speaks reminds me of Dutch but there's clearly German words in there so it sounds like a sort of mix of the two to me.
Nicely done Poland, keep doing things like this.
Overall less snow (and then more extreme outliers)
It's basically a drinking contest at this point
Liberal Alliance will have "effectivized" the system so much it won't exist, and the Danish People's Party will make me go through the immigration process after my semester abroad.
Derfor skrev jeg Irland seperat, og Skotland sarkastisk
Once in a while, people will realise that whaling happens in the Faroe Islands and seal hunting happens in Greenland
This community is booming
In gymnasiet it is a (not too popular) tradition for 18 years birthday to meet before school, eat breakfast and drink gammel dansk.
500€ eg
Where does Santa Claus live
I worded it like that because there is a tendency to stereotype every European cuisine other than France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal as horrendous and bland
It's not a landmark in Copenhagen
(Atleast my class were all 13)
I think where we disagree is on what the use of the flags mean
I mean, yeah
Also usually ignorance doesn't necessary contain malice, only when it is willful ignorance
And since we also have "dag" (day) it isn't as ambiguous as "Day" in English
It's those of non western background that has a hard time fitting in
I don't know how many more beta runs people require, before they admit that this communist ideology simply doesn't work well in the real world
KU (University of Copenhagen
A LOT of adults were also sexually assaulted in this boundary-free time
It is harder but no not that much harder
Okay, but was it on tv
I gagged at the Cinnamon buns with cream cheese
De har jo en på Grønland
Du har lige købt 1000 liter mælk
That goes for every single country on the planet
France have a broader ban on religious symbols in general don't they?
Let's hang out and not drink together then
could be constructed, sure
That is very undemocratic
This is a natural effect of people being different, and why I was initially curious when I read your original comment as you opposing compromises
+2°C is impossible
I guess that inability to face unexpected expenses is more common than not owning a tv-set.
I was thinking Cambodia, but then I remembered that that's the blob bordering Vietnam
Eat The Rich, basically
(yes, I know what you're trying to say, but still)
Through religion studies you might also learn a bit about ancient Jewish culture
Recent election results all over Europe have shown that people are more than happy to jump from parties regarded as one place on the spectrum, to a party on a completely other side
No problem, I can only sing parts of the Danish national anthem too.
Pain and suffering
My dad calls his friends “drengene”, the boys
And I am an immigrant in Denmark
What there are restrictions on however, is the purchase of alcohol
Oh yes, cake for any occasion
Fun fact: Some Danes and Dutch share the same English accent
the netherlands because their colonial navy is badass and theyre an overall great civ
I get that it’s not exactly *only* in my language
Couldn't convince him that knight wasn't pronounced knait (now I wonder why he didn't also claim it'd be knai**g**t), that knee wasn't pronounced knii or that sword wasn't svord (like with a v not as with a w)
Parliament and Government aren't the exact same thing.
Er, Arab countries as a whole have taken *far* more refugees than the EU combined.
It's insane to be a little disappointed by this picture :P
The execution place is rotting away inside Christiania only being conserved by the efforts of historians spending their own time and money on it, because the government refuses to
We don’t have any gendered terms so the gender-neutral term is the standard one
The one you can mention if somebody asks "Name a European politician".
I actuelly think that the head of state being elected is one of the weak points of republics
Only when the solar system is completely depleted, which will take a long time
Don't worry, I'm still infuriatingly left compared to the US, but that's no excuse for not being able to make fun of ourselves.
(Denmark)
if they come through several safe countries, refuse relocation to "poor countries" etc.
My least favorite parts of Denmark and other European cities is when you leave the city center, and drive through ugly suburbs filled with yellow brick houses and flat roofs from the 70's, and then enter the outskirts of the cities where a ton of car dealerships have enormous empty lawns in front of them, and they're just wasting space
Lego Land:OG edition
What I mean is they are not really supporting the "plan" in the article.
Yeah, "female" is semantically fine, but it has some bad connotations.
I am in no way religious but i still pay the church tax
It is the single most useful thing they are ever going to need in math class, since Excel is something you are most likely to actually be going to use in future jobs and studies
This data is as official as it gets though.
It should be as "free" and "natural" as possible
The US didn't have anything to do with the war in Syria, sorry.
" Yeah, well
So I would probably say something like Jutland if I have to be honest, but it seems rather extreme
German is my “3rd” language and not much more;)
having a parent from the US has affected my worldview, but in terms of identity, it really doesn't matter
I guess it could go either way
Austria's greatest achievement is to convince the world that Mozart was Austrian and Hitler, German
Ahh, the legendary Vaslui life
WAS
The cargo bike can handle bigger items than my compact car
Both of which are
Or not, they're delicious
You ain't getting anything from us
These movies are actually moderately popular in Poland
I couldn't think of a worse person to do that, except maybe Nigel Farage, but at least that would be funny.
Sure, but if a bookmaker does not maintain rationality, then he will be taken advantage of by more rational bookmakers.
(they don't pay more than a dollar)
Bøg/bög: DK Beech, SE gay
Here in Denmark churches are funded by a small (as in very small) church tax, that you are required to pay to participate in the Danish church (married, funeral, stuff like that)
Lego
If you really want to increase the amount of church goers in the world this is a decent option
You need to work 225 hours a year, but apart from that, the rules are the same
It's about immigrants in general.
Oh, my Dutch roommate makes this from time to time, such a great meal
It's still a cool place in many ways but I most certainly do not wish to live there as it stands
Fake news
I don't think those "ottomans" got that memo.
BREXI
< I thought it was beautiful to show that complexity in an otherwise unlikeable character, and the actor did amazing
35 degrees in southern Europe feels like 20-25 degrees in Denmark
I haven't had a big problem with it, no
Perhaps the castle of Hamlet, [Kronborg] but I think it's more the story than the castle itself
I really don't know
You say "most danes" but it seems to be that you're the odd one out in this discussion
Thoughts and prayers
They have postponed it multiple times, they have crashed, run people over, and so on
Everyone seems to get more into it here though.
And England lost to it :)
Yeah, I wrote a bit on this elsewhere in the thread, regarding what they did before nitrogen pours, that they used to mix beer from an old cask with beer from a fresh one
Of course, reforms are not always popular
Keep in mind that some members of parliament are openly against the royal house and are not prosecuted due to this, being against (or for) something and insulting is two separate things.
There seems to be a divide between protestants and catholics in this thread which mest have spilt over to America
- The amount of inhabitants who have received judgements against them for violating the law regarding violence, weapons, or drugs, is at least three times larger than the national average
[F] - Maybe 80% with a bit of guessing
I kind of like this idea
The rhyme scheme and number of syllabels are not consistent with the danish version
Edit: BTW I 100% agree with you on everything else, the first thing I thought of was the fresh wind
They focus a lot on mythical creatures and folklore in the earlier seasons, and even though the show is pretty cheesy at times, it leans into it and becomes pretty meta which is great imo - if you don’t mind a bit if cheese it’s great
> Basarabia, pământ românesc
Feel so sad that I can’t find pewds version on spotify
UK: I vote against your pony
It's close to the inlet where Vikings would sail up to Trelleborg
I go to an international IB school, so I always speak english at school
That's simply because Danes generally understand Swedish better than Swedes do Danish
Edit: I live in Denmark, that's why I know
We really don't like our flag being used as a political symbol not even as a patriotic one
I hope so
Not that the US has ever cared much for obeying international law unless it directly benefits them
I have the world map on the wall, along the border are flags, incl.
You could teach a child to handle firearms responsibly in just a few hours
Question: Is Austria as bad as most other modern nations with it's domination of 2-3 parties of the system
Her sister had also had to leave Denmark, after falling in love with, and marrying, a German man
This map lacks bars
Yes it is, and sometimes spelled Nikolai
But in the last 15 years they have closed 20% of our schools, mostly in the small towns
You can apply for early release after 12 years but on average 14-16 years is a life sentence for murder in Denmark.
So you believe it's mostly about the economics of housing
>  If we can't talk in English, they either talk or understand Hungarian
I have never seen that destinction being applied to Latins
Time for a ~~conquest~~ friendly endeavour in jolly cooperation
If that is what you got from his comment, then you're part of the problem.
I think Australians and Danes are similar in many areas
Have you listen to both sides of the argument?
Most people drink to get drunk or just for fun even if they dont get drunk
That we actually BEAT a cat in a barrel during Fastelavn
Conversely, where does this idea come from that Scotland's reentry to the EU will be painful?
While solidarity is important, I don't see why other nations should pay for things that they don't participate in.
> I base myself on voter behavior, church attendance and the type of Christianity that's popular in the village
And while this definetely is _possible_, it's not advisable, simply because of how spread out the different sites are, and how hard it is to traverse the country using public transport
The Logistics & Supply-Chain Management from BSS is considered the best programme in that field in Denmark for example
What do you mean
I'm just not built for 25+ degrees, I'll often sit at the PC with my feet in a bucket of ice water just to cope
The courthouse in Copenhagen has "Med lov skal man land bygge" on its' Pediment
EDIT: Typo
(Everyone is  between the ages 18-20)
Is there a list of specific magic
Nik og Jay - [En Dag Tilbage]
After that it's a great hidden language lesson.
Just write that the EU will stay on track in our fight against climate change.
So what do you want Azerbaijan to do then ?  Just sitting and accepting all groundless accusations ? Also I’m not saying to Armenia to share their martial codes, I’m just saying if they are pretty sure about their statement, then they have to put forth their sources
Absolute worst case, they'll make up one percent or so of the European population.
Yes
Denmark gains very little from the financial support we provide the Faroes or even Greenland - it is a net economic drain - and yet, time and again, we effectively get spat on and pushed away
Taiwan shows what China could have been, and that's why China hates them so much
I know like one or two people who watches the Super Bowl (and they're all American Football fans), but what puts most people off in my experience is the absolutely terrible game:commercial ratio.
Many of these moves are to be found in the book “Grundgymnastik eller primitiv gymnastik" by gymnast Niels Ebbesen Mortensen Bukh
French Guyana is the same as the Faroes for Norway?
Edinburgh Vaults - weird and interesting:
What's up with the extra k in tak
Some friends I have won't even take out the garbage in the evening or on mondays
Thanks, 2012 seems old, but looking at it again I can't see they've updated that exact report
I hope you were you able to do it faster than the Belgians were with their Palace de Justice in Brussels
Milan airport disaster
If a girl has a problem with seeing a guy in his boxers, she's not going to stay in a mixed-gender dorm in the first place.
Fuck you European Union [Last Week Tonight parody of the European Anthem]
Yeah that must be true
At what point has trump suppressed freedom of speech, does declining interviews makes him litteraly hitler?
It'll probably be either Danish (Vestas) or German (Siemens) wind turbines.
Sjælland is at least as Brian as our worst areas
I guess I was the only danish spectator
50 - halvtreds or halvtredsindstyve
If uou really listen you can tell that even the best non-native English speaker struggle a bit to compared to a native english speaker
Soon, soon
The church will know who paid and who didnt, and in the end they dont care cos everyone is welcome in our church
So a lot of Aarhus is relatively newly built compared to Copenhagen which has a lot more old buildings
(When I arrived at the station, I noticed that I hadn't gotten off at the right place)
We have Middelfart
1) Australian guy who travelled alone
What to answer when you are split between "can't decide" and "don't know"?
Tyrkiet - Turkey
Remember to eat right as if you have to little vitamine D you'll get tired.
Denmark big, Denmark stronk, Denmark overconfident in his abilities
Sweden is by far the biggest one of the Scandinavian countries
Wao that's soo cool
Hence why people hold BLM support protests all over the world, but basically no one holds Belarus support protests for instance
Hey fellow northerner
Sweden,
A personal fav was/is Teen Kasia
Walking into a supermarket with a bag from another supermarket D:
>How amazingly rowdy the London nightlife is
[Sebastian] [Skousen & Ingemann] were heavily inspired by American rock and folk for instance
After all the money we sunk into it I'd be pretty salty too.
It's not empty forming, and the bikes will go through you rather than around
I'd rather have German as an official language than English
I have one for Polish and Danish
No, I meant after the Clinton part.
This is great :D Germans not getting jokes is some of the best material /r/europe has to offer
look just like they do in Denmark
I can obviously understand why Brits are invested in this, and actively choose British English over American English.
Jokes on you
Yeah, Lukashenko might not have a foot to stand on when talking about democracy, but the electoral college / first past the post really is a mockery of democracy
Love and sorrow from me to my norwegian brothers and sisters
My trading ships when they all try to deliver goods to a single warehouse in Anno 1800
If it's expected anyone just can help themselves to your booze, than you just end up with a party, where everyone only bring cheap drinks and where's the fun in that (unless you are a teenager)
Merkel is coming for you Austria
but it accomplishes something else
Yeah, that's what I've heard of the German Turks, it seems to be sort of the same here, but a little more progressive, perhaps because we have a lot of Kurds as well
The October dates will also blatantly fail
Aside from that, the studenterhue tradition is also pretty strange
the majority that keeps him in power, are not actually interested in most of his policies.
I moved out when I was 18, but could have stayed longer if I wanted to
I feel it's important to note that we're not talking about special kindergartens, but something that 91% of kids between 1-2 years old attends (rising to 97% for 3-5 years olds) I suppose I could link a few articles about the daily life in kindergartens, but I might come off as cherry picking, so I'll let you search for such stories yourself
[Washington Post has a nice writeup
so many guys who told me the same thing, the girls beg for a ticket so they can live in another country lol
my gears froze solid over night on my bike
Most people are opposed to sexism.
It is not the first time Juncker has proposed an European minimum wage.
If they’re ignored again they’ll make sure another Trump gets elected next time - and next time he might be competently evil
N - Kvælstof
The contents of the treaties have largely been covered by other treaties which came after them, such as the Geneva conventions, but they are still valid and legally binding documents which most existing nations, including the US, have signed and ratified
Sure, there's a tiny bit
Calling your kid Tor or Freja or Balder isn't uncommon either
You've got the power to know
Yeah but it’s a super over-commercialized version
Every new years eve just before midnight
Yeah
Some family heirlooms, especially some wooden furniture and boxes that my deceased grandfather who was a very talented woodworker made
Would a phone without any charger (perhaps only remote charger) be allowed by EU
>instead of words like ATM they use words like Bank Machine(translating Estonian word into English)
** ***Nice and round pie-charts
In Denmark, 0% of kids die in school shootings
Our media is pretty good at keeping things grounded to Danish/european news and only mentioning American events in passing
Imagen being American these days, 1,5 days would feel like a week
org and a local guy who I think was sort of famous (a tv-host or something)
> makes them feel like they are helping change something
All I see a big Germany with its Lebensraum lands, Kalmar Union, the greater UK,Roman Empire part II, Ottomans in Balkans, Big hungry Russia in the east
Its rigsdansk, which basically means "Kingdom danish"
We also have an app called Fartkontrol which means Speed Control that tracks speed traps in traffic
Yes, for each examination they determine an uncertainty of 1,2 or 3 years on the final age.
(And of course often with potatoes)
if youre so at odds with the most succesful moral values in the history of the world then maybe you're the problem.
He was:
Germans go to Poland, Poles to the Ukraine and thus the alcohol chain of Europe is complete
What amazes me is how well made they are
Of course you can ask for help with something if you don't know how it works but you're expected to deal with more and more stuff on your own
I view Norway as our rich little brother, and their women are the most beautiful in the reigon
I sincerely dont know
If you are already addicted to nicotine you'll probably like it
* Psychologists
Well, that'll probably always be the case.
OP said
Germans go to Poland, Poles to the Ukraine and thus the alcohol chain of Europe is complete
The whole united thing fell trough our hands with Swedish rebellions >:(.
They were disappointed as there really not much to do there
top half of the page must be a burning pc the rest one column 14pt Helvetica.
Can someone explain to me why a gay couple would want to get married in a church for example despite the religion being against gay people
Hahahahaha, so true
“iT’s jUsT TEmpEraTUrE SWiNgs yOu gUYs, pERfeCtLY nORmaL”
What the fuck
Nå.
Gi-fucking-gantic
I know in Dublin you have guys standing outside the stores selling cheap cigarettes from Eastern Europe, those where a godsend.
We have a "Health card" with name, address, cpr-number (central person registration-number
However the day is called Saint Hans Night, named after John the baptist
"We came, we saw, he died" - Followed by a fucked up hysterical laughter from ol' Hillary.
stayed there every summer for a couple of years, cold as fuck in summer even but insanely beautiful, fishing there is amazing, took us about 5min to catch enough fish for dinner everyday, we even got a 45kg sei once
But the NOK is weaker than the Euro, isn’t it
There's no "melody" to it *at all* and there's no big ups and downs in tone or anything
Not at all, we're just interested in liberating the Danish minority.
Switzerland is like the north korea of europe
Hard to tell, but if definitely will when the more liberal next generation of muslims come.
The    German Association of  Child and Youth Doctors recently Attacked the    AAP's claims, saying the  benefits they claim, including HIV  reduction,   are "questionable," and  that "Seen from the outside,  cultural bias   reflecting the normality of  non-therapeutic male  circumcision in the US   seems obvious, and the  report’s conclusions  are different from those   reached by doctors in  other parts of the  Western world, including   Europe, Canada, and  Australia
To this day, it is called the "Highschool Movement" (or ["Folk High School"] but that's a potentially poor translation imho) - "a citizen-school for life" - founded by [N. F. S. Grundtvig]
Do we make the hummus wrong, because our hummus is way too thin to be eaten with bare hands
Danish teenagers and stuff will often use "I love you
This has led to gymnasiums and universities in many cases turning into nothing but pipe-lines for certain jobs, and leave young people with ever more limited options
EU can destroy itself without any help, thank you very much
> You mean the number of daily infections doubling in three weeks is just increased testing
I don't think so
I don't know anyone who doesn't store them in the fridge at home
For the King punishes and kills the wicked, he is the servant of God and the guardian of the land
And thats exactly why you can’t have nice things, like french Canada
You are talking about a "mentality" and a "stance" without ever mentioning what those are or involve
In Denmark we call them ikea fags
Both are just some i found on google
Norwegians are always welcome in Denmark, Swedes are a different topic tho
What *is* relatively new (emerged during the 90's perhaps
No, but France, along with the rest of the Allied powers, sat and twiddled their thumbs as Eastern Europe was carved up between the Nazis and the Soviets
Everybody should go there
Perhaps you've misunderstood something in a slightly self-serving way.
In Denmark, people dress all-black everything; right now very fitted slacks are in, turtlenecks are still kinda cool, and of course, the black boots or sporty sneakers.
And it’s really cute too
You're very ill-informed and ignorant you know?
You're suppose to give up and accept you chose the wrong language.
Everyone would be if Sweden was their neighbor
This world needs more cyclists
If you break something, you lay waste to it:
When people use the wrong article in spoken Danish
Less people this year, which was actually nice
I'd consider a house from 1900 semi-old, yeah, but not notably so
If she were anyone but a teenager, she wouldn't be getting any attention
Which word for them can I use safely around them or others, and which one will get people pissed at me
Or [boring office buildings] also close the harbor front
Did he actually think he could just take it without anyone noticing with multiple cameras pointed at him
they also import a ton of stuff and would want the same thing
So yeah, if you only focus on the issues on which leftists are more tolerant, then they are more tolerant
When Egon yelled at Børge and keld, what did I yell at them
Teaches you discipline and patience and although not relevant everywhere in Denmark, in my area at least the general weapons safety knowledge/respect is great to learn too since a lot of people around here hunt
> A lot of our food is not mass produced, in a lot of mediterranian countries what you guys consider "organic food" - its just considered "food".
I'd probably say Bornholm
I'd probably say Bornholm
having it be closed
We decend from the same people and share language and outlook on the word.
But the drone is *in the picture
After tax you have around 19000kr left, which is 1800 EUROs
There might have been some norwegian sailors who were hurt
they know i paid the tax because the state can see who does and who doesnt
We are certainly the exception in that regard.
It's widely considered that a somewhat big part of its users are objectively problematic at varying degrees (racism, bigotry, sexism, elitism or just general assholishness)
The arguments against, is personal freedom to keep your kids at home, and still be able to live decently even though you're (relatively) new in the country
"New Delicacy"
Formal titles are just really, really not done, here
Hah yeah or waterbottles for 20kr a piece
I have heard that apparently in Denmark, eggs for commercial use are washed in aa way that removes some sort of natural protection that normally is on the outside of the shells, which would make sense to me
&#x200B;
That man just eating next to him not giving a fuck
If it means that e.g. Youtube has to take more responsibility regarding their copyright system and be more active to ensure that it doesn't abused like it does today
Copenhagen, the area was called "the Kings Merchant Harbor" for centuries, eventually shortened to "the Merchants Harbor" (købmændenes havn) - which became København (Copenhagen)
Alot of Danes thinks Dutch is ugly
You enter through the closet and then the talking lion guide through the whole thing
Rome was a great empire and should be celebrated, but in the analogy you are setting up, my nation aren't the Romans - we are the Gauls
That's how I feel as well
Danes are somewhat reserved
“Oh it’s Independence Day
Christania is probably the second most visited place after Tivoli
It's been pretty damn great
I hate biking - I can't really explain why, but I just think it's really uncomfortable and I feel like I'm constantly close to falling over - so I have only ever done it when my parents forced me to (and at a couple of school exercise days where it was also mandatory)
too bad many of the monarchies are so close, else it would be cool to have castles in those countries
Or "i know who to kill tonight"
The large majority of people can agree on a statue/painting/car/person/dinner table/city being beautiful or not.
I always thought it had it's roots in Christianity
Georgia on my Mind
The only thing that’s sure is that it’s definitely not capitalistic, but that doesn’t automatically make it socialistic
It was a major defeat and ushered in a period where the Danes really formed this identity of being a small European country, never again to rule the waves as we once did
Oh god no a lawsuit he plans to take to court.
Will still cost like four dollars for one single hot dog
It comes from a satirical text from the early 1900’s, who was parodying a small town in Denmark
I agree that it's geographically more in the middle East
people)
But the quote is wrong to say that it's Proto-Germanic
but as with any other place on the internet, people keep writing "then" when they mean "than"
- Most different vowel sounds of any language, one study said
Yes my grammar is pretty weak, sorry
He was too shy to ask for my name, so he wanted to look at my ID instead
You need to take time off for a holiday buddy
I would say immigrants have a hard time integrating into Danish society, and even if they do, natives will never view immigrants as belonging in Danish society
Well - lacking a job will do it.
You are missing the obvious "Bronius".
If I remember right, east of Great Belt, miklæ became "magle", and there are tons of placenames on Zealand, which has that in it
She was shut down immediately
Erik Menneskesøn by Lars-Henrik Olsen (If it can be found in English) is also a good read.
Only reason to stop is to fill the car
My excitement needed some outlet dammit!
Doing his best to emulate Putin
Funny thing, if I search on creativecommons & Bach -[ I find a lot
skin sick) is an older and not widely used synonym
I am so onboard for this Roman theme in the EU
I was so lucky to get an amazing therapist "quickly", which was a like six months wait
In reality last year 11 percent of minors turn out to be lying.
Reserved $560 ticket Quito-Lima because time need with 3 days to pay and was allowed entry.
Never have
Right, and totally not the unreasonable demands from the UK.
In danish one barrel of land
The way you can just overlook the whole city, rising up on the hill, from the docks.
In Scandinavia (at least Denmark) if you invite someone over for dinner it’s expected that the host makes the food
Socialism is the theory of class struggle
I'm fine with the disreputable bars
We've gotten a lot of that since the start of the war.
No, that's a good price in a normal store
^^right
It has more acurate toponyms and better quality ortophotos
When summer rolls around, it'll be 3 years of me not learning a single thing in german
If they’re ignored again they’ll make sure another Trump gets elected next time - and next time he might be competently evil
just do it like the usa did to the japanese and be done with it.
A federalised EU tends to be imagined as "a federation of Germanies".
Our minister got so drunk at a lunch with the Norwegians that he gave up many of the oil fields in the north sea and signed a permanent contract on it
Do they actually get any votes
However most of the succeses of welfare nations is due to the fact that capitalism is a very flexible system and allows for divergence and market manipulation to a degree
Tell him that some places we still need to ride horses since we don't have cars, and that electricity is only normal in the bigger cities
I go back inside, since I only just arrived and only had four beers
Practisch*
My godparents speak like that and it's great
I remember one that annoyed me was that they claimed we didn't celebrate Lucia Day in Denmark and that we never did
You could unfortunently still hear the Swedish ;)
We were mostly focused on leaving
But they still pay taxes, to fund Latvijas Televīzija
> Would an European federaion opress people
People keep on claiming the EU is the reason we haven't been at war, because two EU countries have never been at war.
probably directly face first into the  dirt but who cares lmao
Nationalism and jingoism while part of the concept of a soldier cult does not alone necessarily constitute one, though.
The good things were that an united Scandinavia enabled Scandinavia (and thus Denmark) to stand up against bad forces from Europe such as the Hanseatic league
I have never heard about that before and Danish showers/bathrooms don't have a secondary drain
Unlike Scandinavian, Nordic is not an ethnic or cultural group.
I was lucky enough to get a paid internship, but otherwise I would just get my SU (monthly student grant) and the company would just cover any transportation costs, which I guess might be less of an incentive for companies to pay students, as you can survive without
Don't you just say 24-hour day
The job market is shit and the pay (if you get jobs) not very good.
500 needs to be considered in the context that in total population of Denmark in '51 was 4,3 mio
You wouldn't say you traveled 5560km london to new york here you might say you traveled 5,5Mm
Danish notes look quite different than euros.
Sure, everyone should always strive to become better.
Blue for the most part
What a fucking turd of a sub-human.
I thought every country used euros except for Denmark
Lolland is really all one big crop-field, often to the horizon
Admittetly
Nah pretty sure the prosecution was raised on principal matter this time around, just to make sure the standing perception of the law is the same.
And those neighbours of yours doesn't make it easier I guess :S
[Example 1]
The     College of Physicians and Surgeons of Saskatchewan has taken a    position  against it, saying it is harmful and will likely be considered    illegal  in the future, given the number of men who are angry that it    was done to  them and are becoming activists against it
>Other cultures similarly poor in resources or variety of foodstuffs available could do much with very little, even often in the way of ritual
I would say it is the loss In the Second Schleswig war, loosing a lot of the best land to Prussiaz
Dylan and Angus are also names from mythology, the same goes for Alexander and basically every biblical name
A viking was not something you was, but something you did
Cold rain
You hang out in a park, drink lots with friends, listen to political speeches, boo at certain politicians, cheer for others, participate in demonstrations in the streets and most importantly, drink yet even more
"Why would anyone want to leave paradise".
lovely place
Stay indoors my fellow european comrades
Who are "they"?
"Å" is "stream" as in a creek
Thank you for telling about this location
But seriously, no one uses them anymore, they are horrible to use, dangerous (one of my friends almost cut his thumb off with one, he is an idiot though) and everyone uses the type in the Wikipedia link
Like people saying that monarchs are only monarch, because their ancestors killed enough people, while in reality the three scandinavian royal families was elected into their position
That means if we were to be translating New York into Danish it would be "Ny Jorvig"
haha and you cant see anything anyways cause it's filled with tourists taking pictures for some reason
A personal worst is our 2016 entry Soldiers of Love by Lighthouse X, i can't stand that song
This has nothing to do with free speech.
Næstved it is
Come on, Croatia has done very well since the war.
I don't know if they are unique to my country alone, as us Scandinavian languages are quite similar in some ways, but here are some
Although Denmark was the first country in the world to legalize same-sex unions (1989), Norway second and quite sure Sweden was third :P
What makes you think they aren't?
That was a nice summer
Surely Australians should blame the Australian government if they don't want them to dig up coal
Makes no sense
However, I am gonna object to the “very well defined” group- part
In a sleepy residential area none the less
Risking corona is obviously much better than not eating for a month
I can kinda tell what some words mean and guess my way through some sentences
I don't care much about Turkey either way, and Erdogan can go fuck himself, but I have to wonder how much of this recent drummed up anti-Turkey outrage is part of an orchestrated campaign
So the king fired him, like he should've done waay sooner
Woah, things are happening . They are happening fast right now
Terrible coverage in Denmark means not having 5 bars when inside your apartment.
That was just what I wanted to highlight for people reading
this is literally the first time I have ever seen a Ƶ
In my experience only old people in the countryside speak actual dialect
We use the word “stueetage” for the ground floor and call the floor above that 1st floor
You know
Gotta lure in the tourists
I actually live close to two - the Wadden Sea, the worlds biggest tidal flats, with imense  biodivercity
It's ignorance that leads to Romania's bad image.
Nobody dislikes Denmark, but both Norwegians and Swedes think the danish language is gibberish
I can't help but notice the [MG 3] on top
> Well we learn a bit about you here, but I think it's mostly due to the fact that our historys are kinda related
"The     possibility that routine circumcision may contravene human rights  has    been raised because circumcision is performed on a minor and is   without   proven medical benefit
But I believe it’s a Swedish thing
Then it became the capital
Then he was kicked out of Denmark, and later imprisoned for more than 25 years when he returned
The few (mostly older) Germans I know do get angry at WW2 jokes, but do you know how true it still is, especially around younger Germans
imagined this was a more general thing in Finland
Can I understand how on earth did you get that user flair, it’s hilarious
He was supposed to meet the Queen and PM, they were slightly offended by the double diplomatic slight of first inviting himself, and then cancelling for no good reason
The old meaning of bonde is more "free-man" than farmer (although most free men were farmers)
Gas stations in Denmark will ask for your pin code not zip code..
Especially considering the location on harbor front amongst older buildings
Well is it Wallonia dragging the whole place down?
Norway was a separate country, ruled by the same king
For everyone's information, /u/darmokVtS is correct
Oh I see - It's Kick Denmark week is it
I learned to speak acceptable german by watching Sesam Straße, not Sesame Street
In Denmark, accents are very split
Nearly all states in the Middle-ages and until the modern period were either the dominions of a city (which were often multiethnic) or the properties of nobles, whose possessions had no regard for ethnic lines
The only thing wrong with Sweden is that it's full of swedes
Ø, which is an ø
Får får får? = Do sheep give birth to sheep
Apparently, a few small islands still have some local traditions
Edit: Or are they all fake and the creator didn't think of that
Pitiful
Danish open faced sandwiches are called smørrebrød in Denmark = butter-bread.
Nothing other than my own moral and ethics prevents me
It is not really a way to deal with Female Genital Mutilation, specifically.
Denmark and Sweden should just do a joint bid and place it in Malmö or Copenhagen.
I make more than that and im currently unemployed
well to be fair danish is fairly close to english so its easier to translate 1 to 1
You were good in 98'. The other years from 1997-2002, you were mediocre or trash
there was also the romanian thing which people seemed to care about
The "siiin" at the end seals the deal
If it didn't, it would never succeed
around €64000 a year before taxes.
I see you're a man of culture
I live in Varde
Just normal relations and access as other countries that aren't part of the EU or EEA has.
And again, in that comparison, we're not the Americans, we're the Indians
and we welcome him with open arms
All I really remember about the Nordic museum is that it had several mistakes about Denmark
Big usage of Anti depression medicine
Tax are stealing
To identify yourself in public, we have our [drivers license] and [health insurance]
Funny, I remember watching Pippi Langstrømpe and that it was just dubbed by some guy reading up from a manuscript
These are probably Malians who dumped their IDs.
Judicial authority shall be vested in the courts of justice
Oh, you can buy them everywhere in Denmark
>Swiper
I think with Sønder and Vestjysk, much of the reason why their dialects can seem stronger is that they are in a way speaking a sub-language to Danish when they speak Sønderjysk or Thybomål. The same could be said about Bornholmsk or even my Østjysk at times, where we also have words that you don't say either outside or area or Jylland in general
I never had this rule as a kid, but it still feels
What hotel did you work in
I vote yes for this map because Denmark gets more land yes yes
They just raised the taxes so a pack went from 6 euros to around 8
It is incredible
Great stuff
in Denmark
They are just cheese slicers
We can still have an opinion about monarchies in other countries
Also, sorry, I forgot there wasn't a map in the photo
They ruined Belgium
Its hugely popular in the nordic countries, especially when we are hosting as we are this year.
I tried a quick google to see if there were anything on life expectancy for people of varies ages, but didn't immediately find anything.
In Denmark most people consider a 40 minutes car ride 'far away'
Is there a link to a news source
This started in the EU4 Campaign Discord channel, with me being asked to provide ruler stats for various players.
Closest is [this] (today's risky click
Pattersutter is quite popular in Denmark, and i think part of the appeal, is being bad on purpose
And finally, and this is frankly the biggest issue facing clean energy production, it has a pronounced lack of flexibility
Denmark is one of the highest ranking countries for happines
They are still very popular in Denmark
Stupid sexy Finland
I don't believe their race is the cause if that is what you're trying to get me to say.
The murder rate between gangs in the 2000s did not really affect a random person and they still don't.
They're part of the realm community because they choose to
You can trust the car services, I've gone a lot further up into the alps at the same point.
You dont just start building a bunch of shitty stuff to "continue development".
And don't forget Høm (poop)
I also love how happy the policeman looks, giving a lil' nod to his co-worker with the biggest grin on his face
Brown ought to suit everybody
In Denmark everybody speak English
You can but it just takes so much time if it's not Copenhagen you're living in.
How about instead we decided to get together as one big happy family and reinstated the Kalmar Union, seceded from the EU and became the third biggest world power, after the US (which will likely change soon) and the EU.
>	Heaven is what I picture as a sanctuary of the dead
I can’t remember the last time I had eye contact with a Dane, they always avoid conflict:)
If you have some hydro power it can make up for the shortfall without reliance on fossil fuels.
Litauen - Lithuania
I really want to see it
vores forældre og bedsteforældre havde
Love the style, can't help but be reminded of the intro to Game of Thrones
Canada is not part of the UK but share the monarch as head of state
The problem isn't YouTube filters, it's that this is essentially pissing on freedom of expression
Sure, we have a Queen and a female PM, as well as decent legislation surrounding parental leave and gendered discriminiation, but there are still so many instances of "everyday sexism" that refuse to die
Nuclear isn't realistically able to meet the flexible demand for energy (and neither is wind or solar for that matter), yet it is of vital importance that we find a way to generate clean and flexible energy as currently the best solution is looking to be natural gas (which obviously isn't sustainable in the long term)
English-speakers can't because they lack the vowel ø/ö. There's also the presence of *stød*, which makes basically any foreign attempt to pronounce it wrong
* 1920: Southern Jutland is returned to Denmark
[Danes can be a little obsessive]
Flat terrain, bad weather, lots of bikes and pretty free spirited people
I resonate with this so much - though alcohol is certainly cheaper and more easy to acquire in Denmark than in Sweden, sharing at parties is a grey zone because it easily brings on the situation of who-gives-what and who-takes-what, that you mentioned
But can you find the money for 2%?
I imagine it's actually more complicated when your parent is from a neighbouring country
Maybe to a certain degree Sønderjylland (South Jutland) is an exception to this
In Denmark we have the same tradition, but in the midsummer
I think it’s seen as slightly weird here in the Nordics because it’s so expensive to eat at restaurants
Du store kineser (great chinese), an exclamation of shock and surprise
It was [posted in the DK subreddit] Top 4 root comments are complaints about Sweden's name here.
My concerns have more to do with the treatment  of migrants workers and that FIFA seemingly doesn’t care at all despite being fully aware of it
Yeah, we even invented Turkinpippuri in Denmark before the Finns bought the company.
That's really not my impression, Europeans generally like the US and consider it one of our closest allies.
My parents would speak English to each other when they were trying to hide something from me and my siblings
There are no other way to get them
Outside of Germany, most of these cultures primarily use ale yeasts, which are quick fermenters, except for the spontaneously fermented lambics and Flemish red ales in Belgium
I can clarify for you
Their politics is an whole other story
When I moved out at 18 it was kind of expected
That's definitely going to be stuck in my head for a long time.
It's honestly surprising, 'cause Slovenia is lowkey seen as the model Balkan state since there's been no scandal
My parents got a private therapist but I honestly think my friend deserves one way more than me
You have to really squint normally to understand the other.
B) Then a majority in the parliament after the next election
Then Danish
The city is devided on two sides of a strait, and if you live on  the same side as the place you're late to you of course say it anyways
Thanks for sharing
Just like I'm pretty sure that I won't end up in a Chinese court due to my (theoretically) internationally available website
I always made a nice lunch for us from home to eat there - i live almost an hour up north, but my sister lives out in stevnstrup so always combined the rainforest with a visit to her and her family
Today, being abstractly "modern" is all they have going for them
Denmark reach the target before the negotiations even started
By then, our political leaders will be people who haven't even been born yet.
I think a major reason why we don't do it here is because in most busses you enter through one door, near the driver, but exit through another door, far away from the driver
look at the size of that platform.
They’re completely freaking out ️
And they're part of the Realm of Denmark, so it kinda makes sense for Danes to learn the language at least a little bit
Friendly people too
I know this is a bit of topic but I remember when Kevin Costners movies were super popular in Spain and some mothers would name their kids Kevin de Jesus
But that does not mean that everybody flags on the official days
So basically: Germans love physics
Mulțumesc frumos, am învățat pentru aproape trei ani :)
etc
The USA seems way more segregated (self-segregated possibly) than Europe.
I'm pretty certain Armée d'Terre could wreck the Bundeswehr, even with superior numbers.
Your handwriting is really strange
Huh that’s actually true for Denmark too, but for parties (with drinking) only
Vatikanstaten - Vatican City
assimilation of people B into A, or 3
There's just something lovely about Autumn
You forgot “Londonderry”
How about Ireland start contributing instead
seems legit
How is Cornwall different
Even though the definition of a sandwich is 'filling between two pieces of bread', the left picture is known as an open faced sandwich.
I hope we built a statue of him, in Skåne!
In Europe even the deniers wear masks
Thank you Sweden for all your furniture, kitchens, tables, chairs etc
They changed rather recently, 2015 in fact.
It certainly can't hurt
You travel the world and rarely find places you would rather live
I've visited south Italy (where it's close to Albania), and Scandinavia/Nordics are also very exotic to them
The media just loves the way the French system is build with two rounds of voting.
1% for Denmark
One of my really close friends is Georgian and I was supposed to go visit next month, but everything got corona'd :(
The problem with decent Brexit terms is that it encourages other countries to leave as well.
Seems like it would just be pronounced kyriø
Specially if they’re Nordic
80 would be firs (from firsindstyve)
usually, if you were slightly late, you would get 50% absence, but it was changed to 100%. that means that if your bus/train was late or cancelled and/or you came late by a few minutes, in the system, you were never there for the entire period
And that's why it doesn't feel German
How long does a forest need to be untouched before it is a primeval forest?
But if they are forgetful or unjust and ignores the law then on Judgment Day, they must be held accountable, if the freedom of the Church and the peace of the land is diminished in their time
The rest is from small power plants that also supply the towns central heating grids.
In fact he was so bad, that he was deposed and kept in prison for the rest of his life
People drive to Germany to buy cheap beer, soda, candy etc on a regular basis
Moral of the story
I simply say that you can't compare confirmed cases with confirmed cases PLUS probable cases
Doesn’t matter
Vi er alle her
Same same, but different
If you go to the main page of this sub, you can choose "flair". On mobile it by pressing the three dots in the corner
You still see plenty 206's around.
Great contenders
A true hero
If they decide to ignore weed because they believe it's a gateway drug, if they go full "Refugees welcome!", if they cut funding to the welfare system etc.
We have all argued "nordicness" with him, he takes it a little to serious.
Okay, assuming the UK did not delay the process, why shouldn't the EU wait till the article is triggered to be assured that the UK is not dragging its feet?
But why the need to specify that it is an iPhone
These days they're desperately trying to earn back the votes they lost after the education reform but I'm telling you that's not likely to happen until several years from now when people start to forget, I certainly haven't forgotten it and my siblings suffer under the retarded new systems.
Or if "this" happened in a day
Malta IS on this map, just moved to not be cut off
When I say France, I, surprisingly, mean the people of France.
It would probably hurt for awhile, but 2008 was 8 years ago, shit's still fucked.
> Hope this shit closes mink farms for good
Svar ark is also something the teacher can give out so you can see if your answers were correct
I can't fix everyone or everything, but I can do my part
The longer I live here, the less it’s been a problem
But it's nice that the raining stopped
Still is to this day comrade
Judging by the Olympics, it isn't being terraformed to fit he Russians, Norway
", and the crowd will scream "du hast
I think they mean Denmark is generally considered part of [Scandinavia
Same goes for "Trøndersk", which are dialects found in West and Southern Jylland in Denmark and in the Trøndelag region in Norway
Cnut the Great died in 1035
I found it weird at first, but after a little while I got into it too, and now my wife calls me odd when we're taking a winter walk, and I get a craving for a cone
Hahaha duly noted
Honestly, I think most people wouldn't want Turkey in the EU because of the democratic problems and border instabilities toward Syria.
That is an astonishingly accurate description.
I have a debate with a pro-imperial system once a month on reddit and maybe it's time again
I like oranges, bananas, and strawberries as well but I don't want them on my fucking pizza
Thanks
In Danish it is related to both farting and haggling
Wages are less sticky than prices.
Nynorsk looks like a mix of normal norweigan and swedish (But with ÆØÅ instead of ÆÖÄ)
Currently Denmark is at 0.85% of GDP, the U.S.
Even the metal chick was confused
So uhm, you think the culture of Hungary is the same as the culture of Denmark, Portugal or Ireland?
That said, I am of course being quite pedantic
What's up with Murcia
Where is your model government that can be easily understood by any member it governs?
Parts of it will remain, it's not like the fire is leveling it to the ground
Well if Ukraine was the one invading and annexing land from Russia that might be a more pressing concern than the power which has by ways of these not-so-clandestine operations invaded and occupied part of Ukraine.
Oh right, sorry
I think what will make an impact is once the distributor can send pricing signals to the home and appliances can respond accordingly (start washing clothes or charging electric car at night when price is lowest)
I honestly woudn't be surprised if most of the history books ever written were about European history.
Maybe you don't care about that, but either way it objectively clearly is distant from it
No, that money is going to the mink farmers
Think that's the same here with "hurtig briller"
They 100% wants to be nordic which they are not considered
I am *so* not surprised by this
The development took place later than in the neighboring countries and only really happened after the mid 1960's.
TAKE THEM
This creates this unique looking landscape
Oh so *that* would destabilize Belgium
Some say that there are no Greek women
They support dictators including Saddam until they invaded Iraq, they support the Saudi dictatorship with possibly the worst Sharia law among all the Arab countries, and the biggest contributor to terrorism.
This     procedure should be delayed to a later date when the child can make    his  own informed decision
I think a lot of American networks sell a lot of digested news to our networks
Only reason to stop is to fill the car
Especially the last one is critical
The badger is normally regarded as the biggest Danish land-predator (even though it mostly just eats worms, grubs and insects)
Fe - Jern
Swedish is the official language in the service sector in Ørestad :)
Usually I find it's the opposite for Norwegians, I'm surprised Swedes don't feel the same
anyway
Let them join us at Roskilde, there we can maintain tradition and drink.
I don't think it's the gun ownership and inequality stuff they react to, but more your somewhat outmodd beliefs regarding abortion and permitting public servants to blatantly discriminate, as well as "cultural nationalism" and the "shut up or else" approach to immigration.
Depends on what you did
Your question text does ask which one we *prefer*.
its so fucking good
Why i oughta
Basically sunrise should be 10:10 and sunset 14:32
Nordics and Dutch) - teens who are coming to get drunk like it's going to redeem their sinful souls.
In general Danes are polite people but not very open
Educated people in the west are getting fewer children and the implosion rate over 3 generations will be massive.
Sun rises around 9:00 and goes down around 15:30 ish
Does the EU-flag on our plates represent that we don’t like Iceland
> Who cares about 5
Don't compare countries to non-countries, silly goose.
Most people make a thing of it and eat out perhaps a couple of times a month, more or less depending on income and habits.
It's absolutely gorgeous
Pris: healthcare & free education to name a few
Impressive life
I think I read Ireland's population never recovered
Almere is not that bad, although when I visit and walk into stores speaking English with an Australian accent, people get very shocked and think that I overslept on the train and meant to get off in Amsterdam.
A Danish cat says: Miav
What do you say when you want to comfort and reassure people affected by such events but not get pointed and laughed at, a la that "thoughts and prayers"-comedian thing that always gets shoved in peoples faces after tragedies?
Wait, the faroese limit is 300DKK
No not really
There's also a bear at the castle
I know other people who do, and some who don't, I don't think it's that common
When I see charts like these, the first thing I'm thinking of is who will beat up who.
German is my “3rd” language and not much more;)
Hmm I honestly thought it would have been a higher percentage
Modernism has mostly been displaced by postmodernism for a few decades now, and from my own personal experience, those I've talked to all prefer the postmodernist look over the modernist
If the guy had the statues built himself, they hold no actual value to society anyway as they're not really about honoring some specific invention, exploration or whatever
That will also make the crashes LiveLeak worthy
it's like 30 minutes
Britian: eating at the street food markets by the river
Cause I haven't.
It's one of the cities with the best level of integration, lowest level of crimes per capita, and most diversity when it comes to income
Enjoy Sweden
It’s about the same price in Germany and Poland
His crime was not dying of the poison and spending time in a hospital
Stik means "stab" and "give", so it means someone who both stabs you in the back and gives you up to the police
Christian the 7th was litterally insane
I identify much more with my region within Denmark, with Denmark itself and with Scandinavia and the Nordics than with some big "Eurodentity".
Oh sweet summer child
Both Submarine and U-Boat are just Ubåd.
You are obviously a smart guy, but many other poles are not and cannot see that this is not objective journalism
* Solar: 3,4 %
That was why Iceland could decide to end the union
Mostly you can make an educated guess from clothes, gestures and physical features combined.
Country McCountryface
I love the Zoom 'effect'... and there it is, 10 thumbs up for Macaroon
that is also why I can see such a contrast between the mentality of me, who was raised in a democracy, and older people
Funny, I remember watching Pippi Langstrømpe and that it was just dubbed by some guy reading up from a manuscript
In Denmark, stuff like getting a gastric bypass (just the first weird example that came to mind) in public healthcare would take a looong time, a lot of evaluation etc
My school had a tunnel system that lead to a small bunker
That would obviously cause an outcry, although I do think the rope has been lengthened a bit too much
A mixture of linguistics and archaeology can get you a long way, but in the end, a lot of it is just guess work
What is the great lobby in the Netherlands shutting down secular/atheist events or diminishing their rights
Once in a while they'd show us a film, but other than that nothing else
ISO has variations for each local, Like ISO-DE, ISO-ES, etc
It translates to live together like the polish and it means to live together while not being married
There are lot of towns i cannot find that I know for a fact has +1000 inhabitants
Is it possible to short a currency
In Denmark, we are more interested in 2008-2020 cars, and the newer ones didn’t really reach Denmark
> The plumbing connections are all flexible
Definitely [Nede Mette] This one is a guily pleasure to me
Some time after the europeans colonized, the Inuit moved in as well
I feel like these should be less " choke full of stereotypes" and more normal looking
The SDU had some sort of seminar that took place at a boarding school (efterskole in Danish)
It's totally doable on a budget.
But really I don't think we use the term in Danish
So not completely irrational
When I put in you're username into it it said you didn't have any post then I checked you're account and you mainly post here.
It was a good day
Im pretty sure it's illegal to drink while riding a bike anyway
Sorry, Denmark should've helped more
Hell, I think Danish is the language with the most vowel sounds in the world
Changes to laws should be made in the legislative chambers, not by mobs in the street
i feel lots of Danes have an american accent when speaking English
Although I remember back in the 00s when Team Saxo Bank was one of the mastodonts of cycling and Danes were worshipping Bjarne Riis and the Schleck brothers
So what if some forrest in Poland isn't on it, jeez
I've seen code written in danish, with danish documentation, danish code comments
i just want the kalmar union part 2 electric boogaloo
Sweden has huge problems integrating muslims as have Denmark.
I've never really seen any good explanation of what people mean when they're talking about 'feeling European' so it's hard to answer for me.
And metro just feels more integrated and city like
Unless you're into that sort of thing...
Of course changes happens, as parties have to address new problems, be it climate, refugees, economic crisis, war and so on.
Lidl is much of the same bland stuff you find in Germany.
This would be like a dream coming true
Sadly didn't get to see the tulip fields, but I have heard they are mesmerizing
>In fact, Lindisfarne was so full of treasure that the initial raid, and even subsequent ones, still did not impoverish the monastery
Hedning
There's a stereotype about Nordic people generally being a-social
put mayo on it and il
You mean after blocking the EU rescue funds
..which is exactly what they're used for in Denmark
Not calling this place a nationalist hive-mind, just saying its not a progressive one.
They’re great
And this same viking is obviously believed to be the father of "Regnar sønnerne" (the sons of Ragnar), who lead the conquest of the Danelaw
id like to make sure i know who to vote for next time
of 5 chickens where i live, and no roosters.
Danish and English do have some too
This looks more like site/source bias to me
That way we can both have a second land border
But it's basically not a thing
And while I saw a lot of knock-offs being sold, I saw very few real Zippos for sale, and the ones I did were very expensive.
How would all the rivers be drained
A country that puts caraway seeds in their bread has nothing to offer to this conversation ;)
Time will tell
Yeah, at least it's over quickly
For consumers accuracy doesn't matter much
Is /r/europe that retarded now that you have to defend climate change?
My generation was almost exclusively taught British English in school yet when we speak it's evident we got our spoken English from movies, cartoons, music, games, not from our teachers
Rome was a great empire and should be celebrated, but in the analogy you are setting up, my nation aren't the Romans - we are the Gauls
" expression
Enforcing "homogeneity" with force ("reclaim" the fatherland, unless we all "choose to change something", "death of the west") is pretty damn totalitarian.
Hehehehehe
> The Iraqi geologist Farouk al-Kasim discovered and helped us secure our oil reserves
Boo fucking hoo that was 2 years ago get over it already it's not like anyone even died during that annexation.
EU: eh, wait a second
420 fatalities vs 134 fatalities
Undskyld, men dannebrog er i brug det er sjældent, ellers skide godt lavet
"Puste grise op" = "inflate pigs
It is never too late
i dont had a german gf
There are many, but at this point I will just mention "Letbanen" in Århus, which is basically a tram service
5km mile
How is Poland still in existance if this is supposed to be their best
My dad: kids
You can’t play with the words
Do you find that acceptable as a compromise?
But I have never seen or heard of any, until now
If you are doing entire remodels in EU you just order the stuff from the hardware store and they deliver it to your door by truck
I know Juts are a preferred workforce in Copenhagen when it comes to building, and Juts still call Zealand "the Devils isle" but nothing serious in it, we all generally get along well :)
I don’t see Sweden any where
The rumours say the French café that popularised it here is the place that sells the most chartreuse in the world
I really don't mind bias though, the problem is when they start lying or directly ignoring important bits.
The sculptures are breathtaking
Also, Google Earth:
I pay because i want to
He'd likely just get a "Hey <name or nickname>!" and nothing else
Years ago because Æ, Ø and Å in the code used to break something somewhere
Slovakiet - Slovakia
It's called holy three kings day/eve (helligtrekongersdag/aften), but it hasn't been a holy day/holiday since 1770
Don't make Serbia out to be some kind of innocent victim here
Maaan, the Netherlands is just one of those few places I'd pretty much never expect this shit to happen
They are just [squares] with no details and creates no nice atmosphere around them
When I noticed it the first time in another country I was very surprised
It will probably be removed now.
We're quite different though, even culture wise
No the point of the roaming legislation was to let people use their smartphones outside of their home country.
There are no negative outcomes when properly investing and it is a great way to raise one's wealth even further, on top of that it is idiotically simple to do and more people really should get into it
In the same sense Harald Hildetand is believed to be based on a king called Harald who ruled Denmark in 754
T R I G G E R E D
København er jordens centrum
But bike theft can also be big organized business - my dad once locked his bike with two locks and all, still got it stolen
The issue with dealing with structural economic mismanagement at a late stage is that there’s no way to deal with it that doesn’t hurt a lot
[Nyhavn] Who wants to pay 50 Euro for two pieces of smørrebrød and a tuborg
Read books in English, watch movies in English, play games in English, use the internet, and so on.
Maybe not economy-wise, but it is certainly doing worse than Morocco and the other Maghreb states overall.
But even then, we are doing pretty well nowadays, if you've never had modern Danish haute cuisine, try it
They use those silly colored sprinkles
I would love to go back to Russia and have friends in Moscow I can stay with, but unfortunately it's far from sure that we will even qualify.
I will agree that southern dishes *look* fancier though with a lot more colors etc
It just gets old pretty fast
Look, we're sorry about the overkill, alright
Damn, Latvians striked me as some of the most anti-communist people around
So just because you don't see many "extra deaths" overall doesn't mean that Covid didn't kill a lot of people, it may simply be that we've prevented a lot of "normal" deaths at the same time
I have worked for 4 years in the UK.
I love the different dialects, but they’re not always the easiest to understand
Clothes with logos on is a big fashion no no in my book
I send a mail to 10 or so, 1 answered basically saying something about American being the biggest intellectual property thieves
I think the creator crammed a bit too much information into one illustration
Any tips for survival during the bombardment of sønderborg if it should ever happen again?
Kind of over dramatic, but i get the sentiment
Not much support for a republic anywhere else than Finland and Iceland.
Oh and crime, frankly
Not so much due to societal structures, but more due to norms:
[Street view of typical Danish town.] Not where I live, but representative.
The Crown but with the Danish Royal Family
The elite, yes, but to claim that they were completely unrepresentative of common sentiment is just plain wrong
If you have 2 weeks I would go with Taiwan.
Just a lovely city and great culture..
Copenhagen was made capital when southern Sweden was part of Denmark, back the Copenhagen would have been close to the center
Huh, I had no idea
You need to talk to the universities about a credit transfer, if you want a degree they will be able to transfer courses that relate to the degree you are seeking at the university.
The Kievan Rus were the result of viking explorers (Varangians) from Sweden establishing chiefdoms along their trade-routs down the eastern Rivers, with Norse elites ruling over Slavic subjects
Sweden for a lot of things, we're quite living in the shadow as they're twice the population and many times the size
We don't pay for shit but our spies have full access to all CIA infrastructure.
Salt
Reverse the () and [], that should fix the link
Apparently it's moving to Oksbøl. I doubt tøjhusmuseet is going anywhere
But isn't there only 51 cards in that one
Population is around 5
Perhaps the loss of Norway and Schleswig and Holstein
oh my you are definetly right, will have to edit that, my apologies Scotland
Is the perfective aspect always more polite than the imperfective aspect?
Walking on water was deemed socially unacceptable.
Sweden: Sweden’s wooden houses look super cute
It is relevant if you want to discuss dialects
The dialect that people from near the German border, in Southern Jutland, speak, is nearly incomprehensible
Then *you* stepped in, claiming that Saxon was actually related to Standard German, by saying, and I quote:
Ofcourse the job you want to work at needs to accept your offer and has to sign alot of paperwork
I remember when I first started uni, there were zero people in my year below the age of 20 - personally I was 20 and I was the youngest in my year, with most being 25+. Then when I later started my second bachelor, (at 22), I was one of the oldest in my year suddenly, with most being around 18-20
When William the Conqueror, Rollo's descendent, fought the English at the Battle of Hastings, 3 of my ancestors were present, one of whom shares my name
5 million members
Her friend turns around and says in Danish, “no, she just forgot her medicine at the hotel”... turns out another Danish school was attending the same concert in the same small jazz club as us
Please no
Yeah or Brians
I believe they are still available
The supply-chain of news is just super effective
As a Dane I am enraged beyond belief
Even chatolics aren't like that.
Yes, they've excluded memes, but the people that try to define this shit don't know what the hell memes are
Nice and easy to read
My voice has no political power anyway
When it partially burnt down because of political tension
On our way home out of the city my dad opens a window while we drive over a huge puddle
We have the weirdest loan-word from German
What does it actually mean
Lot of cool shops, cafes and so on.
At the train station when we were desperately trying to get away again, a guy approached us when he heard us speak in Danish
Social gatherings with a lot of candle lights.
Yes indeed, Danish ærtesuppe (like your erwtesoup) is amazing
Thank you so much
My English accent is similar; It doesn't sound non-native, but it also doesn't sound particular to any one place
Rutte had popped up to lowkey comment on the picture with a personal anecdote
Flexibility in energy production is incredibly important as was clearly shown in Texas just a month ago
Les Lanciers is apparently some old French dance that was popular in the 1800’s, but is now only danced at one high school party per year by Danish teenagers because they’re forced to by their teachers
Dutch
Tallrik (Swedish) = plate
Is that because there is a difference in population density or difference in what constitutes a place, I wonder
I also wondered
The faculty of law at Copenhagen university, was one of the founding faculties - and have been continuously operational since 1479.
The law is obviously outdated and only used now to stop a situation, that could potentially devolve into something dangerous.
Yes
Most of the songs from 2002 and up
(Jeg er Voldemort), which I  always found funny, seeing as he is supposed to be charming and handsome
Hard to get into doesn't necessarily equate to a tougher curiculum
* Karoline -> Karo
Does Germany not still own Greece WWII reparations
The fact that you think the protests was just about the killing of one person shows how completely, utterly oblivious you are
I live in a small town with a cathedral from the 12th century and a lot of smaller buildings with housing from the same time period
I will never not opstemme The Julekalender
I remember a TV segment where a UK policeman visited a danish ghetto and laughed because it was so different
You get a certain number of Santa’s or Christmas trees and you win a cash prize
What is thatsupposed to mean
Stay
But already in the 50'ies sliding windows had become common
So there's a bigger chance that it could get smashed
Alexander the great
Oslo is essentially on the side of a mountain, in a bay
This is why people voted, because they don't understand the economic implications of such a move, and because they hid all the other shit they wanted to do (like messing with anticoruption).
But I took yours
In Danish it is related to both farting and haggling
I like being multilingual
Rasmus Paludan havde skandale skrevet på ham
They (at least Norway, I know less about Sweden) seems to have a crazy drinking and party culture just like us
The only good outcome of the whole *US deciding to misinterpret socialism* thing is super annoyed Danish right wing politicians having to explain Americans Denmark isn't socialist
National border controls seem like the only way to keep unwanted people and things out of the country.
**Faroe Islands:** Whalers who can't decide if they like us or not
Hating the "It's 3am why are you still awake" memes posted by Americans while it's 8am here
I've even heard of Norwegians and Swedes who tune in to the Danish Eurosport just because of him (Henrik Kaj Hansen).
Today it is a highly gentrified tourist trap
I very much consider myself a feminist, but this lady is just nuts
But they still exist
Switzerland is too expensive
Unless you're Scanian of course
I'm not sure that makes it a whole lot better
But in a knife fight, that's generally not the objective
Like: Just give me some vegetables
> sorta modern
Now, we don't want Russia committing war crimes, now do we
This is pretty much how jurisdiction has worked as it concerns consumer law within the EU
Expect lots of "Something is rotten in the state of Denmark". Good grief do American journalists love that one
Yet clearly, the differences are substantial - the issue of religion not least of them
But i think most people choose French.
we dont have any dialects, except on bornholm, where they speak a mutant swedish danish combo which just sounds funny
France and Germany can feel offended all they like.
Dude we had Norway for centuries, but those bloody Swedes took them away
1981
In Denmark, koldskål is a yoghurt-thingy that’s popular to eat in the summer
This is a long time ago, but Ditlev Gothard Monrad who was our Councilpresident (what we now call Stateminister or prime minister) in 1864 had quite the freakout
I can't believe they're still doing the Yarosh card thing.
But you're right
My ex was Finnish, we broke up because she was so depressed all the time
Say it say it
What do atheists have to offer?
another thing is using taxis
Now comes the last call for the year 2019, this, our final year of this decade
Burger king large is 0,95L
Over the last year, the Danish government has been working on a new "Denmark Canon" which is supposed to highlight ideas, values, traditions, movements etc which have been essential in defining the modern Danish society and should continue to do so.
Why do you think Lego is so expensive?
I have and you might be right
The houses might not be skyscrapers, but they are Tallinn, Estonia
If guns are illegal, surely you'd have to get one on the black market.
Why is it that the Turkish government feels that it can treat its allies like such shit?
Like writing sjalu instead of jaloux
That's it in part, but I think a bigger factor is that the traditional, ethnically Russian part of Russia is actually quite small
Kalvebod Brygge for me, prime real estate on the sea front completely wasted on buildings that look like they should be in Høje Taastrup
And if they think it is a good Eurovision-sounding song, then their neighbors likely think the same.
and USUALLY people who enter or exit next to the driver say thank you, or hello(if entering)
Why not make multicultural societies in Asia, Africa and the Middle East
I know, but that was precisely my point, with the addition that it doesn't come around
Which, by the way, also includes Social Liberalism, and for that matter 'Liberal Socialism'.
We just looked at the map - and thinking like people in this thread that all cities in Italy were at least partly beautiful
> The local government believes it's their place to actively surpress "anti-christian" messages
Icelandic: Very very little
but they're not gonna be helpful before 80-100 years
Not to mention how it all sounds like one word, which makes it even harder to decipher lol
You're almost correct
Only the really large companies (like Nestle) were paid
Road conditions plays a big part, geography plays a big part etc.
David Cameron misses Larry, the Downing Street cat
At least I always switch to this numbering when speaking to Norwegians or Swedes
We have a similar word in Danish: "Udlængsel", which is a combined word from "ud" and "længsel" meaning "out" and "longing".
Seems like a huge waste of cabinet space
not treating our colonies like utter dirt
I'm not sure that makes it a whole lot better
>If it's someone you already know it depends on how well you know them, whether or not you shake hands or exchange a hug
I live in a different city than the village I grew up in, there is 17 km between my current appartment and my childhood home
Notice “live” not just visit
I even took at day's tour to see the countryside the first time I was there; saw how clogs are made, their wooden windmills that are still used
In Danish, we call them "Curlingbørn" and "Curlingforældre" (curling children and curling parents), because, like in curling, the parents sweep the way for their precious children in life
but yea, fuck this heat
I have no idea why and it’s not like Denmark is a particularly dance-focused culture (almost the opposite, no one “can dance” and people aren’t expected to)
Far from Norway, Denmark and Finland.
Iceland: sure not a lot of people live there, but it’s not an insignificant country, they have a lot of culture, nature and excellent cuisine (and people are really nice)
God I've had that one as well
I also disagree a bit with comparing American and Danish flag use
The people are incredibly welcoming it has incredible scenery, and the prices are the lowest in the balkans.
You'd find a way to make the Euro legal tender in space
I fucking love snails
penge, og Fanø blev igen sat på auktion i Ribe
Also this
If I happen to be the last person on the bus at the last stop on the line, I'll say thanks/good night, but when I'm just doing my regular commute, trying to make it to my train, the last thing I'm thinking about is saying thanks to the bus driver: I just want to move along
I included a video about those changes in my original comment if you want to check it out
That's one aspect of the US I've always found
have not encountered anyone in Europe speaking of the time in anything but 12-hour intervals
And I don't think anyone really thinks about the patriotism aspect to it.
He's lying lol
It helps that the crown is based around real events, there are records of the speeches and such
f you make it easier to travel, more will come.
I think I know all the states by name(nevermind 34), but I have a hard time finding then on a map expect for the famous ones, Midwest and the north/south states
> You're completely right
In case of both my mother and my brother and other people I know how have suffered from cancer, treatment started immediately after they were diagnosed
As another non-artist I completely agree, I still remember having to draw the Portuguese flag in school for a project on other countries and even that one is fucking hard to get even remotely decent looking when you have no artistic sense at all
And hopefully, if we do that, we can avert the *next* wave of refugees.
The logic is that since you don't use a cabinet for air drying dishes and instead dry them immediately you can use that cabinet for other stuff
I was more referring to the fact that it seems that bikes have to cross a bus/turn lane to get to the bike-exclusive red lane
Don't you have keyboards with all the special accented letter?
Buying bottled water for home usage is not common at all.
But that would require physical effort!
Big brain time
I liked it
Foreigners coming in to vote in your election by truckload is worse than illegal immigrants.
(Everyone is  between the ages 18-20)
Do you think the German army exercises with stake-like objects such as brooms for fun?
Writing on the other hand is another ballgame, but it is still possible to notice it sometimes
And DF is not even really a right wing party.
Not surprisingly, in Danish "seng" used to mean the bed linnen but it changed meaning along the way
* Around 700 to 1940
German terminology is confusing on countless levels, but for simplicity, Low German = (Low) Saxon (of Anglo-**Saxon** fame) = Ingvaeonic
Funny enough, we Danes also always joke about Skåne (and Halland, and Blekinge) being a part of Denmark
It's a cute but unspeakable animal
Which you can get at the age of 15, as you can be hold criminally accountable (at adult levels) at the age of 15
Denmark doesn’t issue an official ID card that you can use internationally, however the counties/communes issue an ID card that can be used for purchase of alcohol or other stuff
I use English
Ritter sport :)
The monarch is the the ruler of the reign or kingdom and the other half is the consort
Kind of like Turkey trying to get back the bones of St Nikolaus from italy.
It is absolutely fascinating to me that the *only* think you find strange about that scenario is the tourist.
Then I started rereading it when I was older (22 maybe
41% of refugees in Denmark in 2016 was children under 18.
Europe are a political designation of the soviet empire/the free world .
The fucking MOMENT my vacation started the weather went shit
I have never seen birds flying beneath me before
Only sick or health sector workers use them
It's typically better outside the cities and Copenhagen has the worst water, although still fully drinkable
Actually twenty also means two tens, so it's not that different
These groups often have an economical status, primarily ownership or other form of control of productive assets that aid the optimisation of the described exploitation
Why would it be a bad idea "right now"?
* In 2019 the community was 77,8% males, this year, it's only 69,3%! That's a sharp move towards being more representative
- The language is an odd mix of Arabic, Italian, and English
> As a matter of fact I do
I would love to have had a recording of them, both for my personal memories, but also to have saved their dialect, since it is almost gone
Randers
One of the things that Danes (and Scandinavians) probably don't realise, is how good their countries actually are
He looks so cute, sent him to me i i will show him how shitty a danish winter actually is, hint it mostly involves staying inside and complaining about how once i again it's to cold to be outside for longer periods of time.
[Yeah buddy, that's just like straight up not true
a lot of people seem to want it both ways.
Icelandic & Faroese names
In Copenhagen I would say Nyhavn
It was quite an experience
No but we do have a meme page where English is forbidden  @dankmark
Bonus
You forgot "má ekki hylja" and "ei saa peittää"
Now, pupils start learning English at 1st grade and either German or French at 3rd grade.
So if we are playing videogames, I leave and go to bed
Is this the same Oswald Mosley who got utterly humiliated in [The Battle of Cable Street
But it one in public is a copy of the original one anyway, so it isn't really that much of an issue, the real one is in possession of the heirs to the guy who made it in some secret location
I was really impressed with the city planning but that’s another subject
Then as we drove into the city itself, everything looked like any other wealthy European city
Especially considering you're in Transcaucasia
Around half the people in most western countries wants it banned (Germany got rather close a few years ago and I doubt the sentiment has gone away entirely despite the drama) and in some (Like my country) the number approaches a large majority at, I believe the last poll put us at 80% with the doctors of Denmark outright calling for one.
" or "We thought we'd do something different for Halloween this year", etc
Or if something happens and somebody gets hurt, which is bound to happen, or if somebody steals the drone.
The sockets in my apartment are ancient (don't even have earth) but still have that
What would the requirements be for a undeveloped country?
Is there independent TV stations airing news in Poland
Oh yeah I know it, that sounds so cool
>Bring it, but just expect others to also enjoy that gin
I can confirm
5-6 years of wow later, i had a teacher tell me my english was really, really good
[Coming from Belguim to Netherlands]
- Learn English because everybody does
Siger man ikke normalt "lange løg" i stedet for "lange nosser"?
I'll take them any day over the alternative though (DF and Liberal Alliance as a part of the government *shudders*)
And there's also a site, where the first villages, where there was a clear house size difference was found - which is believed to be the first "king" or at least tribe leader, who had the domination over more land, which is believed to be directly affected by a roman friendship, when the Romans still had their kinda friendly foreign policy
There is no indication of what a place is
Danish is pretty hard to learn so I don’t think non-native speakers would be able to pronounce it
Went to Riga this summer, on visit from Denmark
For most things I use rapeseed oil
Honestly what the fuck happened to England and tuition fees
Furthermore, the more they talk about independence, the less Denmark is willing to spend on long-term projects that might improve things
Oh they are here, sadly
Those windows aren't particularly "crazy" or whatever
Either that we'd just say "the person" instead of using a pronoun
All of these, I think, contribute to a higher tendency of mental breakdowns, resulting in these episodes
True
They were black back then, though ([1970s version of the movie includes the hats] They [became white around the 1920s] and then after WW2 I believe it became common to only wear them at graduation - perhaps because it was harder to get them made/afford them during the occupation
> thoroughly assimilated
Yeah, that was my experience when visiting NL as well, it's like weirdly similar
An odd detail is that even though growing up, all the native English speakers I met were Americans, my accent has some uniquely British things
Your numbers indicate that 81,5% of workers are organized in a union, when I google it, I get numbers saying ~67%.
That's nice, brb, gonna run for parliament
Nordic Union ️ but EU is okay, just need some cleaning up
Iceland tho
Accidental shootings happen as well
Just like us Danes
The execution place is rotting away inside Christiania only being conserved by the efforts of historians spending their own time and money on it, because the government refuses to
" mentality
Didn't know guns were popular in Greece
Me and my girl went there on our first vacation together there, and it's beautiful and cosy
Denmark has some pretty dank local museums
If you wanna further divide the EU, then pushing harder on this "EU" army is possibly the best way of doing so.
If someone finds some sort of value in Christmas (Isn't me but someone might..) and you want to force a change in that tradition you're bound to upset them.
Lidl is slightly better than a couple of the other discount supermarkets
Yeah, that gremlin Trump has put in his place is pretty awful
Because it's a Skoda, at least in Denmark they have a very bad reputation that stems from the 80/90's.
They were called feltmadrasser (field mattress') in Denmark
Germany will soon be the bulwark against the eastern-european fascist dictatorships
In Scandinavia as well
Halfdan - legendary Viking king who was father to Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye, who was father to Hardeknud, who was father to Gorm, the first (verified) king of Denmark (ca
The reason DPP gained soo much is partly due to internal problems in venstre.
I can't just decide to buy a fully functional Leopard 2, battleship, Apache helicopter or whatever.
They tends to sit until forced retirement at the age of 70.
Wel
Tbh you could probably sell a stick to those people, and tell them to shove it up their ass to cure their back problems
Other than that take a visit to Malmø it's far smaller than Copenhagen by you can get their by train and it's a nice small town.
Poverty in the country: more than 50% of households still using firewood as primary source of heat, out of which half don't use actual wood but anything they can get their hands on including: old car tires, plastic bottles, old woodfloor and laminate, rugs etc.
Bavarian - A bit better than Low German (all these ski trips to Austria haven't been without benefit)
Nowhere in Europe has unspoilt wilderness
University of southern Denmark as well have some capabilities, but I think AU & KU have more to offer
[Ode an die Freude]
In Denmark we have Jutland (the main part connected to Germany) vs.
2015,2016 and 2017 were the bad times for Europe
It's very nice imo
I searched about roman salutes and I found this comment:
who cares about poles anyway tbh
B are more to the left than A these days ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
That's actually a great way to explain it
Their government is on the verge of a collapse
Living in Romania (or any other country) for
Yes that would have been better, but they couldn't because of Security Council vetos from, guess who
Not a critique as such, but should the yellow country on the map not also be slightly red because the territory of Poland has shifted both east and west in the past?
But it's immoral
Gomorn is exactly what we say
Sorry for the shot formatting
Him: “Ohh
You're saying it's possible to high off poppy seeds
Unfortunately the disease of idiocy has no known vaccine.
Looks like a fortress of skyrim
Everybody is a racist, everything is a genocide
Denmark
Of course, i dont always buy "name-brand" things but for some things, thats what i do
It probably depends on where you are from.
Ludwig was not mad
000kr before tax, 19000kr after (low but decent starting wage for my education) and realistically only having the option of living in a 50m2 apartment with rent over 11500kr utilities included isn't the dream
The only other city I can think of except Copenhagen is Helsingør/Elsinore
The biggest problem is not EU using more money on economic recovery and green climate
We rarely use the subpar Norwegian model I'm denmark
Results from former surveys:
I feel like thats a better approach
802€ - roughly 117% of EU28 GDP per capita (35
A "hyggeligt" wallpaper isn't just any pretty wallpaper
I'll just be enjoying my 15 degrees and rain, thanks
When she became older and they were boyfriends, she would have sex with them in the house
so do we have no salmonella or do we have "no salmonella"?
Likewise
There's a reason "love" is in Slovenia :)
The two oldest could be read that way.
Well great clickbait title then.
Danish farmers high debt is the "only" risky loans, and they are not high enough to threaten the system.
_Edit:_ Another contender for the price could be Lolland-Falster, two islands south of Zealand, famed for their lack of economical growth, bad infrastructure, high unemployment, etc
Sorry if I'm not shitting my pants over the "Russian danger".
What if I told you that Norse is a dead language, and that we all speak Germanic languages?
Dont worry, I think most Danes and Norwegians definitely think of you that way as well
Also you can send your package to f.x a supermarket and you can pick it up there
No balkan blood, it's at my grandmothers house and the carpet is really old and exprensive (like 5000 euros).
With that said, I like the thought tho
" thing is true or not I have no idea
They’re not driven by racism, as is the media trying to claim
Yep
it's better than aldi for example
10% by current nationality sounds OK.
We had a couple of beers, and when we had to pay I wanted to offer to pay the bill
Since the æeadership was imposed on Poland I dont Think its fair to attribute it to polonia itself.
Hmm I honestly thought it would have been a higher percentage
Is that the next sunrise or the next time the sun reaches Longyearbyen
Kinda depends on the neighborhood
Some elaboration
So it says “[name of paper] bestows new honor on Donald Trump: Elephant of the glass store”
"You're not helping
> but in the shortest possible time to put the backward agrarian country on the rails of industrialization
I buy all my clothing used
Danish: *Coronastrategi*
A diplomat who shrinks away from socializing with other diplomats represents his country in a shitty way.
200 years ago about 80%-90% of Jutland was heathland
Was the original intent not a trade alliance or something like that
There was a very popular kids show on Danish national television called [Kaj og Andrea] Kaj is a stuffed toy frog and has become the base of a lot of different Danish memes
salad and vegies preferd but not required
I live almost as far from Copenhagen as I can get
I absolutely agree with states receiving parts or even full businesses in return for aid
If you pay what most pay in rent, then around 1100 of these euro, go to just rent, water and gas, leaving you with 700 euros to pay for food, insurance, transport, union, A-kasse, etc
Everyone in that train is about to be down with the sickness
The number of Polish people settling in Denmark has more than tripled since 2003.
After the war they changed the currency.
So mad at myself for not getting the tickets in time.
OP linked this: [
I don't like to be the only one bringing a quality bottle and everyone would enjoy it, and than next time still bring cheap beers and drinks expecting me to bring another quality bottle
Asking randos on the internet doesn't really count as research.
i just want the kalmar union part 2 electric boogaloo
Sorry, aren't you missing 3 k's?
Now that I don't bike to school every day and therefore aren't getting sweaty, I shower every 4-5th day or when my hair feels dirty
No, that's danskjävel to you, thank you very much!
Lived in Germany during the third Reich fleeing allied bombing by walking alongside the train tracks, told me the story when allied planes shoot a ring around her and her family for fun, she was 6 or 7 at the time.
The values part is obviously tainted by our political opinions but I'm sure we can agree that Germans and Danes aren't the same and I'm saying that as a quarter German.
I wasn't a fan in the beginning either, but now I don't mind it
Danes are Germanic, yes, but not German
Luckily some of them are coming back, though I don’t think Prague is included in the plans for Copenhagen
We have bad ones, but we also have great ones
De har jo en på Grønland
Randers is perhaps the last resort
the 70 percent number is of people who are sent to examination, because they are suspected of lying.
Breaking distance is at least 50% human reaktion time, which haven't improved at all
But one must ask oneself, why hasn’t the Muslim world been successful in having a “reformation” and what would it take to achieve it
If you like copenhagen
And even then, it's basically "MUH RAPEFUGEES", and nothing else.
> Because they were opressed as Christians under the Ottomans not opressed by the others that lived amongside them
I’m not gonna tell how I feel because I nearly got permabanned for it on Reddit for saying it on this sub, but I guess you all know how I feel without explaining myself
Don't ask me
I was thinking maybe Zippo lighters.
"Dannebrog in Denmark" - its old Danish for "Standard of the Danes" "Daner" is and old word for Dane - the current one is "dansker"
Is this unique to Scotland or in the entire UK
she had no sense of humor at all
why tho
I didn't know that
1500 years of "Poke the Germans, poke the Germans, oh my god they're coming
Some 20-25 percent of the population smokes (it varies a bit from year to year, since it mostly decreases, but has actually increased again)
Then about 3 weeks later he mentioned on twitter that he was interested in buying Greenland
Akvavit and snaps is classic, us young people see it as an old people kind of alcohol
Oh boy, you are going to get shanked like a grind, if you are implying Gøtudanskt is Faroese
The ocean step is probably the by far most important one of the bunch, because if the marine algae that produce 70-80% of all the oxygen we breathe today die, we're *all* fucking toast, not just humans
You wouldn't say you traveled 5560km london to new york here you might say you traveled 5,5Mm
The Danish mortgage system is old (originates from the Copenhagen city fire of 1795 ) The Danes pay some of the lowest house loan prices in the world and no Danish mortgage credit company has ever gone bankrupt.
on a blog or a personal website without a license from the publisher will be an infringement – even 20 years after the article was published.
Now I imagine some middle-aged dude flickering his porch lights yelling "GET OUT OF MAH YARD
The Norwegian oil fund is currently worth 7.5 trillion nkr, so I think they are good for a while.
The change has been attributed to, among other things, social media and the need to keeping up appearances
However, if you've enjoyed hanging out with someone, it could be called "hygge". So it's just a positive in general
And personally I've always been confused when words should be a compound in English and when they shouldn't. For example seawater and sea captain
It claims to be sourcing GDP per capita data from the CIA factbook, but a closer examination shows that the data is either a decade out of date or gotten elsewhere, none of the recent data sheets on CIA factbook show the same data as what this site is showing
Petersburg roughly 6 times a year, since my girlfriend lives there, so I have seen it first-hand a lot
Kittel (Danish) = smock
It was really fucking with my mind, what was real and what wasn't.
A few go to baking something, while the rest go to breakfast
_α_. But generally α is the most common form, nobody really learns to write a, not even in print
That's how you know it's a good game
It also is mostly subjective
I dont think all this harrasment is good for Trumps mental health
Half the country is deeply unhappy
>What's going on
Still only 11% in 2015 from wind in UK, while Denmark passed 40%.
I'm all for transparency in government, this was a very clear breach of that
* Water opossum = pungodder ("pouch otter")
Yes
I was shocked to learn how much of Europe has stuff like Amazon Prime and one day delivery
Żurek is also underrated
My High School had Erasmus students come and visit before Covid
Not really, a Christmas market just attracts families with kids.
trusting people
Not sure
I think it also depends on the situation to some extent
that was a bit embarrassing
Or against the government, which has friggin' drones and tanks, rendering all the handguns in the world utterly useless?
Frozen is based on a Danish fairytale, the Snow Queen, by HC Andersen
It is just a tool for communication so it doesn't really matter how you communicate as long as you can.
I'm 20 for context
Of course the crime rate in Californa and New york is bigger, they have 6 times as many people living there
Capitals are only really known in the biggest states
I say we invade America and install a puppet regime
Sincerely,
We'll see as more people join if it gets toxic
I plan to move there to teach in like three or four years, but haven’t really priortized learning the language yet, and it sounds like I don’t really need to, so that’s nice
V O D K A  consumption per capita
Don't some British pronounce *hate* like the standard pronunciation of *height*?
Funny thing is that I’ve only heard Jutland mentioned as “the mainland” in jokes
bye
At least know what you are talking about.
You too
Which is very sad and needs to change
Copenhagen, Aarhus and a few other larger cities: Like most other civilized countries in Europe:
You can see two seas meet, with the naked eye
So to what extent the "Swiss people are rude
- The language is an odd mix of Arabic, Italian, and English
SpaceX uses technology that was already designed by nasa.
This should however be the default everywhere
The EU doesn't want to escalate.
Anyone
It’s illegal to refuse to give someone a glass of water if they show up to your door and ask you for it
E.g. if the temperature is 10 °C, but it's a gray rainy and windy day it is miserably cold here
It's free one day a week, btw, and you just go in there and walk between statues and layers of history
You're just sliding becase you know pretty well how irrelevant your countries are militarily.
The family doctor or the Hospital emergency room.
But we still have a kitchen for cooking class
If you got the music, how about you start sending good ones to Eurovision.
It's fair if you don't like bad jokes
That would leave Denmark with three options.
You bring your own drink, so you prepare based on how much you expect to drink, and then mostly stick to that
They’re closer to the biggest productivity hub in Denmark in regards to Copenhagen, and has several large cities and is probably one of the most well-connected areas in regards to highways and transportation
Always one step ahead of us
He was shot in the leg, but survived and was found by french soldiers, who he was thankfully able to convince that he was Danish
Are you denying this
No don’t
Americans would rather fund another clusterfuck of a desertwar
Lolland, the entire island of Funen for literally being a bridge between Denmark and Jutland, Western Juland and Southern Juland for being like Alabama
>	I'm an atheist
A lot of muslim women end up in safehouses.
There is way too much business in it that youd go " what do you mean its tomorrow - fuck its lets stop giving them access instead of complying" just because its suddenly the time runs short
Bottled water is mostly only used for the convenience of the bottle, and almost nobody drinks it at home
Here's some Danish and German added:
It would seem like Sony aren't *that* greedy - or it's a mistake
Denmark
William = Vilhelm (sometimes with W)
>They say Jeppe is a drunkard, but they don't say *why* Jeppe is a drunkard
They totally miss the point that everyone else is also paying for your surgery if/when you need it
> Kapitel 8
Most people drink to get drunk or just for fun even if they dont get drunk
Writes in English and most also talks in English online
It's hardly on the level of the stuff the Germans, Russians, and Japanese did
I grew up in a very international enviroment, and a common phrase we've heard growing up is people going "oh yeah I see that" when someone mentions which country they are from
just weither or not he can hear/see properly
But we are proud of out old norse forefathers
Sorry mate, google translate lied to me of course it's the same as German.
Denmark is not far away and still offers full anonymity for donors.
We hate Sweden, the violent and arrogant country
Seems like they're legit ruining the country for their own profit.
"Rød grød med fløde" er da hvad vi siger, vi danske knejte
The calculation methods are subject to interpretation which can mess up results completely.
The establishment, could very well try a whole host of solution and still get the blame if the public perceive that it is not defending it's interests.
I guess Denmark cant be insulted
I honestly don't understand your argument.
Remember, we're not allowed to show distrust towards EU in European subs.
Man of culture I see
He was extremely unpopular in Denmark
Even though I wanted to die, the pain got so bad I pulled the bag off my head before I was even close.
Copenhagen
"I'm only being an asshole and making mean spirited jokes about Italy and Spain because those guys were assholes to Americans
The first one is recognized by Russia, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Nauru and Syria
Options are either specific loans or looking into programmes like the Eramus programme
I'd rather take 1
Birthday party
Permanently, probably not
Originally I was mostly curious, since I (probably mis-read) your comments as being opposed to compromises
I will take a sweater and shorts any day over T-shirt and Jeans
Donald Trump
Is that how you write Copenhagen/København in Finland
Well the Scandinavian model could work everywhere else, you just have to get people unionising
But when I see Ole written, I see [this]
Or is this an extreme feat for the Green Party
but larger
Let's be conservative (e.g. frugal) and say you can pay for all of that for 600 euros (that would be VERY CHEAP), leaving you with less than 100 euros to save and you still haven't spent a single dime on anything that isn't basic expenses - so no coffee or beer with friends, no trip to the cinema or expenses on Netflix, HBO, whatever
>I feel like it always goes the same way
Austria - Østrig
> It will be transferred to a warehouse of a Ghent city museum pending a further decision from a city's commission in charge of decolonisation projects
I’ve heard it quite a bit, although the others are bigger and the kammerjunker one seems to be the biggest
Shit growing everywhere and through everything
It's hard to be sarcastic on the interwebs.
Nokia to me still have made the most beautiful and iconic commercial for a phone with their L´amour campaign
It's not a fundamental human right to go to whatever country you want
It's common enough to encounter words that the first time you hear them sound a bit too much like an unimaginative Dane having a lazy guess at the English translation: "landscape", "yuletide", "ransack" etc
It's used as decoration on Christmas trees, on birthday-cakes, on gift-wrappings, and a ton of more stuff
I have posted their twice I think, and even at its peak an article had at max 10 comments also you would get downvoted to hell if you didn't agree that all Syrians had the right to go to Europe.
Dew neh loh moh
Absolutely love Dublin and I hope I get to visit again soon
That was the one a lot of my friends wanted since the beginning
Most of them voted for article 13 and no to amendments
The scenery is ~~mostly~~ Austrian and ~~a bit~~ Norwegian
Who the hell is barbaric enough to not pay the Sound toll
it should be 100 brazilion dollars.
Denmark is officially claiming the North Pole (the EEZ)
Not quite twenty, but still living with my parents and have my girlfriend over all the time
Edit: Jylland in general - country people who hate Copenhagen with a burning passion
Everyone does it, abselutely everywhere from the most remote village to copenhagen
I am content
However, I think Switzerland is quite expensive on many parameters
So it is only the tax registry that has those data.
But the nice parts of a city, at least in the case of Copenhagen, are just mainly tourist areas and horrible expensive
Then I read your comment
So it runs in very few upper-class families where you inherit and are taught that’s it’s a good thing to have, while the general population just don’t care that much
[Junior Senior - Move Your Feet]
Around €150 a month
Typos are my life now
Pay you back
I live way out in the country side so the neighboring farm just happens to sell potatoes and eggs, so we buy those things from there and they're so cheap because they only sell them because they're excess from what the family can realistically eat
Would Turkey come to the aid of the Netherlands in case of an attack?
Or else it's just the best suited glass for the beer
I think overall we’re much more left leaning in Dk in relation to Germany
One of the best words of the Danish language is perhaps "orke".
He's not historical, though
Some days I take an holder retro 26" Mountain Bike setup with modern gears, dynamo light and a rack
No one cares about them
Take a trip to Berlin, and you will see immigrants /refugees everywhere
the pH scale as well
The accident happened bacause the cargo wasn't tied down properly, so it just fell right into the side of the front car
Isn't there a large Russian minority on Svalbard
Also the last place to be hellenic in ck2 769 start date
The first time it really started to affect me is this year, living on my own and being unemployed it all seems a lot more gloomy and limiting
"This year" its been like this for atleast 5 years
Going to a dentist is not free as an adult but is subsidized to some extent
Yes, it would
while a bemused tourist stands there waiting for the green man before even daring to move.
I really want to see it
And then the commentator
> A lot of people are saying that celebrity athletes are paid what they are paid due to them generating massive amounts of money
That's a great example of American imperialism and opportunism, but its existense doesn't bug me in the least, and any allied troops on danish soil doesn't bug me either.
I only counted biodegradable waste which does count as renewable
Well, to expand on OP, there are obviously the independence movements on Grønland and the Faroe Isles here in Denmark, which are relatively popular, but hamstrung by the fact that one is a frozen rock with barely any infrastructure and little to no industry or means of producing food, whilst the other is a somewhat less frozen collection of rocks with slightly better infrastructure, the ability to produce at least a little food, but a total surface area lower than that of a small municipality.
I just wanted to clear up misconceptions for our readers
“Can I borrow the toilet
India is about the size of asia, its just wrongly drawn on most maps.
AFAIK, both brussel and strasbourg should be abandoned a new neutral third party location should be decided
Starting in danish makes it a lot easier for me to grasp what the article is about, especially if it uses concepts and names which i’m usually more familiar with in danish
Let's try to not have our high schoolers fuck up their capital this year.
Butter is great if you want a buttery taste
(That being said I was surprised at how your history subject functioned
Superstition breeds superstition
Freedom House says Serbia isn't a functional democracy and the corruption index puts it off the charts
Copenhagen and Malmø together with the regions of Zealand, Scania and Halland have indeed today joined in the Greater Copenhagen metropolitan cooperation (previously known as the Øresund region)
The only band that sings metal in Arabic and they include traditional sounds as well
I don't actually know about specific reasons.
Cus they assumed Denmark would be allowed to make Slesvig part of Denmark, so when we weren't they had to change it
I could  go on
This ^ Atheneskolen is mainly just for people whose parents have enough resources to send them there, who then also happen to have fine grades
Tisvilde: pee wild
Like puppies
Uh, someone from Nizhny :D Karman Rassii as it was branded when I studied there in the fall and winter of 1993.
It’s really just as authoritarian as a country can be and this is due to their actual ideology, Juche, which preaches individual freedoms, but in reality the state just uses it to control the masses
I thought it was Dutch (harsh throaty sounds and I didn't understand a word of it) but then they put a Swiss flag on their car.
I don't know if we ever had anything like that.
whataboutism is "don't look at us, look at those other guys" (incidentally, pretty much what this thread is about) - it is not "look at yourself, not those other guys"
Og indbyggermassen så benet
Non-EU/EEA:
China
For example people will feel less patriotic fighting for the EU instead of their own country so it will be harder to find recruits.
I don't know anything about the Finnish language though
We likely get *some* rain, but nothing extreme.
We will be gone
Denmark has more production than necessary to cover consumption, both industrial and agricultural.
It's organised by travel agencies, and paid for by the students (or their parents) themselves.
Germans seem to have a very particular fashion sense (not judging whether its good or not, but it certainly isn't like what we wear in Denmark, but I'm sure it's fashionable in Germany, as I see their celebs wearing it as well)
Makes sense thinking about King Arthur etc
Øøh, politimand is the default word for a cop here in Denmark, so I'd consider the direct translation, policeman, to be apt given the context
Nothing is Scandinavian
Save a long vertical space for leechs, in that way you can clear multiple rows at once
Serbien - Serbia
The southern part is Skåne, which is Danish
I mean look at a company like Norwegian (the airline)
Still you didn't secede when you could, the money was too good I guess
poppy seeds *everywhere*!
I think Denmark a is a console stronghold when it comes to gaming.
Had the Ekofish field been known at the time, I'm sure the Danish-Norwegian discussions had been somewhat more difficult
But already in the 50'ies sliding windows had become common
The simple answer for Danish without doing any research on complex grammar in my language, would probably be the word "hygge" which I am obligated to feel proud of
A horse, the horse, multiple horses, all the horses - en hest, hesten, flere heste, alle hestene
So yes, it is very common to go to another country
Which city
The chance that someone joins is not low (there’s a good chance)
Usually Sweden throwing a hissy fit because Denmark was being a dick.
I also don't think a lot of people know that some stories they know are old fairytales from Denmark, such as "The little mermaid" and "The ugly duckling"
Sounds just like home
It seems like it will be Macron vs Le Pen in the second round, and Le Pen is 20 points behind there.
Refugee quotas will require a treaty renegotiation, and there is simply no basis for agreement on this issue.
We've had a good life
If only that had worked for WW2
It's just so bad
Yes, which is why I communicate to you now using English.
Listen, you have the rest of the internet
So if you were to thank the driver on disembarking, you'd have to yell up to them, which would be super awkward
For some map makers Denmark seems to be this small detail on top of Germany that you can just skip for, I don't know, artistic reasons
That might not sound that expensive compared to American private schools, but when you then look at the fact the average tax percentage per person in Denmark is 46%, you'll understand it's pretty expensive and prestigious
UK: I want more time to think about it
The     Committee stated that it was unethical and illegal to perform     circumcision on infant boys in this instance
I kinda wish they had either taken it down earlier or later though, you can't make it seem like you give in to the hashtag mob these days as they'll only see it as a motivation to keep moaning
Imagine the amount of water that'd suddenly come rushing in towards the low lying areas we wanted to protect in the first place
Class felt empty that year
..well, that was boring
At least I do
Some parties not including the sitting government at the time thought that was a nice time to get rid of the law.
Funny thing is, 40 is also called fyrretyve, even though it doesn't come from base 20
The experiment was a horrible failure
the european union stands as number one in pharmaceutical export, with 51,2%. the US is country number two with a world market share of 11%.
According to the Danish dictionary it came to us (and probably you also) from Dutch slaap (sleep) rok (coat) so it seems the word took a detour through the Netherlands on it's way north
Of course we do
Netherlands and Denmark are just painted on
Mosbjerg: Moss Mountain
For an average person walking around in Paris, London, Nice or wherever it hasn't gotten any safer.
If coffee tastes like shit, then why would you be less likely to buy it as a poor person?
Best or not best aside, Danish tap water is still, at least domestically, considered better, and cleaner than most bottled water which is often polluted by the plastic bottle itself
Mix it with some rain now and then and I'm in heaven
Quite funny
The english call it the great vowel shift, but it happened to all germanic languages
This disdain is unwarranted, not to mention intolerant
There’s a movie called “Under the sand” that shows what Danes did with Germans, it’s a pretty good movie in my opinion
It is sometimes  stereotyped as being sort of an entitled generation, which participated in ungdomsoprøret (60's counterculture movement), going on to sit on the top posts in society, and then got more conservative and greedy as the years passed on
"Gift er noget, man tager, for ikke at blive det
Those sure are some empty, pompous and unenforceable principles that solves absolutely zero of the EUs problems.
How do i meet Tom Cruise
I use it depending on the article as for most subjects they provide a comment on how whatever it was affected Denmark
- Just say "Swedes", it's faster and we all know that's how it is
Care to share
I was born in Singapore where we lived for a good chunk of years, as my parents were working there
It must have been like 14 or 15 years ago
Definitely stick to "Northern Europe", it could be anywhere from Switzerland to Norway to Belgium.
Like May was at one point declaring that it was a great victory that the UK could now have their passport be whatever colour they want it to be
Some rural towns has their own private wells, because clean drinkable water can be pumped up directly from the ground
He is probably the biggest one, especially since he sold out to Sweden of all places
Third’s pretty good, though I still don’t fully trust everything our media says
There's something about how he pronounces his e's and the word "uddannelse" (and a few other sounds/words) that would sound a bit foreign to me even if I didn't know
Praktisch
The problem however, is corruption and the fact that Serbia isn't a functional democracy even now when we have the tools to discipline them
Yeah at most within the country, the last name with -gaard can tell you something about either what type of farm a person's ancestors had (Roesgaard, Melgaard, aso) what was around it (Skovgaard, Aagaard, Brønsgaard, aso), or where it was within the area they are from (Søndergaard, Nørregaard, Østergaard, aso)
It's a bit of both good and bad stereotypes, I find (being a from a rural area but living in Copenhagen)
Not available outside of Denmark but "Historien om Danmark" made by Denmark's Radio (DR) is a beautifully made show on Danish history divided into 10 episodes starting with stone age and ending with cold war/welfare society
A tiny bit
" doesn't mean you just get to do whatever the fuck you want as long as you make up a vote for it
There are plenty of compromises before that I agree with, and want to see more of
I'm happy I own a car
> But this doesn't mean they're not Europeans, right
Obviously, you guys are enjoyable
Yeah, I was really disappointed when that happened
No man shall judge against the law which the king gives, and the land has adopted, but according to that law the land must be judged and governed
In other words you don't care how much money countries like Denmark and Netherlands can be asked to send to EU, not matter what we would prefer to use it on in our own countries
Yea it's so weird
Thank you very much for your reply :)
The fact that he's called Edward really gives it away that they probably just wanted to make a movie about the Brits, but went with Danes because it seemed a more "likely" scenario
I will oppress and squeeze them dry for you.
I don't think there are, unless you count Greenland as being part of Denmark
"Jeg er ligeglad" directly translated would be "I am equally glad/happy". That's how we express "I don't care". Doesn't really make sense in Danish either as far as I know
I think his goal is to gather enough support among the Turks to win the coming referendum and consolidate power in his own hands.
That is a bad financial situation and far from sustainable)
Would be about 30-35€ in Denmark
Maybe the women's teams played?
We'd normally cover between 6-8 topics per year in Denmark, sometimes more depending on the topic
Either bike or get of the road
Who were you rooting for during the World Cup QF, DEN-CRO
We have Greenland and the Faroe Islands as well as municipalities
Dutch people seems to keep laughing when they ask me to speak in Danish, and I just have a confused face, when they speak to me in Dutch.
If look at Denmark, by the early 1800 only 2% of the land was covered by forest
In Denmark where i live it is -5 but has a feels like temperature of -18 degrees
With these things you need to be ahead of the foreign adoptions instead of a corrective force afterwards, at least in my country people aren't gonna stop saying "computer" even if there's an official push for a replacement
And I kinda doubt this whole operation would be finished business after a week.
I don't know the biggest scandal anymore, since there's always this and that as a "scandal" so I have no idea whats biggest currently
There's a distinction to be made here
No, we've never ever heard that reference before, sorry
The trend of placing buildings seemingly at random that have nothing in common with the buildings around them is destroying a lot of European cities in my opinion.
Tyskland - Germany
rather, it is the state response to class struggle
The island is like a compact version of a continent.
Your "free samples" are paid for by the slight increase in price on the product that is earmarked for marketing
Poor, poor, England
any belief in one or more gods".
Well both my parents are Danish and I live here in Denmark, but my passport says I’m born in Singapore, so technically not originally from here
Their right to stay in Europe stops the minute they do something criminal.
&#x200B;
That raising the minimum wage effects the employment rate is well established, though.
(No lie, I know Turkish partly but I’m not fluent) Also, what a hell are you doing greco ? I thought you are not cool with Middle Easterners such as Armenians lol
In Denmark we have the problem that windmills produce a lot of power during the night which we don’t use so we sell it very cheap to Norway who use that power to pump water up which they later sell to Denmark at normal price
It's about 3x more expensive to travel to southern europe by train from Copenhagen than it is by plane and you need to change several times + it takes many times longer
Or "If taxes go any higher I will move to Switzerland" - but mostly they just move their mobey there, or to other tax-havens.
You dont have to be liberal to see Trump is terrible.
Ja, jeg skrev en opgave under min kandidat om inddragelsen af svensk og norsk i danske folkeskoler og gymnasier og det er meget almindeligt enten aldrig at have haft det eller kun et par gange eller en enkelt gang i folkeskolen
TIL I learned that question mark is actually Russia
And they certainly don't wear a red poppy
Surprisingly cheap actually
Since it's a music-free station they do all sorts of in-depth reports on various issues so I guess that's what they were trying to do in Sweden.
but the citizenship doesn't make a Middle Easterner a German.
Denmark: Most ridiculously flat country in Europe
5 times as much for power generated from Hinkley Point (once it finishes) as they are right now
I'm from Silkeborg, the city came about as a trading place in the 1800's.
It comes from Greek
Nothing is random, everything is part of the design
I’ve had a bus driver in the countryside in Sønderjylland get angry that I didn’t say hi
He played football with us Danes, he went drinking with us Danes, he invited people over for his birthday like us Danes, he hated school and homework like us Danes etc
but still he does not attack Trump.
I despise Sprite, love Faxe Kondi
Don’t ruin my joke with facts
The UK government has essentially been saying they could leave but retain all the benefits, like you could get a divorce and expect to keep fucking your former spouse
and has had, since capitalism arose from feudal relations
It will change eventually since the share is reversed in new phone sales
Meaning there was one, but no one really knows it or can agree on what it is, so we just speak to each other in all our different dialects
Denmark is [Scandinavian] [Nordic] and [Northern European]
From a personal standpoint, I would choose the EU.
And smooth snakes
But then it's just MM/DD, and we're back to the start
They were transferred here at a time when Iceland was an integral part of the kingdom
All master's courses outside of profession specific ones(law, medicine, etc) are exclusively in English, and they are almost exclusively taught by the research group leaders, at least in Molecular Biology
The American argument would be "Owned by who?"
I'd rather be warm and pay whatever that costs
I think it's one of the nicest things to listen to
Translation: "In Denmark I am born, there I have home, there I have root, from there my world goes
Krigen\*
I'm pretty sure we ran out of yeast in quite recent history where we got offered supplies (yeast) by Norway
So that's my country
They are living their own lifestyle, in their own rural community, and in a region that seems to be of like mind
All my stuff is still in English
I can understand it, I rarely click on it too.
Unfortunately that night train to Prague is long gone
The Danes generally went with the Suedes into Russia to establish the biggest Russian cities (Kiev, Novgorod and so on) and are most famous for being the Varangian Guard.
Really
so much grime, i must be a magnet to that or something
This was actually quite nice
At least that is what the exchange students here do
Best Italian restaurants I have been to, has been 6 table restaurant down a tiny alley in Florence, and a restaurant in an industrial zone out of Bergamo
I hope you like it here
And I think we both realise that this subreddit has an _extremely_ liberal definition of whats considered "Europe" - I think mostly due to the huge amount of non-Europeans commenting
I use mostly American terminology, since I have American relations from whom I learned them
We'll welcome you back into the kingdom with open arms, although we might get a small problem doing the same Halland and Blekinge
Though it is not middle eastern either, I suppose it would categorised as Asian
Maybe we could tell them that Sweden has lots of oil but lacks freedom and democracy
Also, eventuelt means alternatively, but is sometimes spoken as eventually
wow you're old
But the visibility is pretty much the worst, it really removed any chance for the driver to help you
It's healthy you lazy americans
Petersburg the divide is huge
So because Bulgaria still has a lot of corruption, that must mean everybody in the country is bad or what?
Slesvig wouldn’t do it for me
Sure they is, people from the continent of Europe will always be Europeans, EU or no EU.
Canola oil when Asian and/or I’ve given up in life
He could have chosen to sing it in Swahili if Latvijas Televīzija agreed to it
I just finished a trip with 5 days in Hong Kong and 9 days in Taiwan.
Don't listen to this sneaky panda, min elskede Norge
Ø meaning island
Seems fair
Uh yeah, lots of QWERTY keyboards have the letter Å...
Based
I just googled it -it looks kinda creepy lol
I've never encountered this minefield" -- goes on to provide an elaborate description of the minefield.
* Karoline -> Karo
You don't magically become likable just because you have people supporting you...
Sure, but that doesn't really change the numbers
Yeah, the US elite universities are amazing, because they're filthy fucking rich from the (amazing, and I do mean that) philanthropic tradition of donating money to your alma mater.
I feel like university of southern Denmark is of lower tier and RUC is rock bottom
Embrace your wish and help make it come true by learning it
Tror du virkelig du kan slippe afsted med at sige sådan noget lort til mig over internettet
That's not bad can be everything in Denmark
Are you implying that the wider europe isn't familiar with danish childrens shows
True, although there can be no question that Turkey doesn't treat the Kurds fair to put it mildly, calling it ethnic cleansing might be taking it too far
They want strong leaders and simple solutions.
Because as everyone knows, Christians are all in favor of slavery and believe a woman should be subservient to her husband and that people should be stoned for this and that.
To make it worse I found this as well
It also has the [Danish stød] on top of the soft d's, which is also terrible for foreigners to pronounce
The youngster groups make up 60,5% of the community (groups 15-18 and 19-24), they're mostly singles (69,9%) though that's a drop of 1,1 percentage-points compared to 2019, where we had 71% singles
Some are considered classics, and are reaired every few years
Same goes for the danish far left party, there the argument goes that the power distribution in EU is undemocratic and too much power is given to unelected people.
I have always thought is was firben (lizard) in Danish, which means fourlegs
Koda & Gramex for music, and Copydan ( for other creative works
Going against every liberal principle.
sure then give it a different name, doesn't change the fact there IS places in sweden where you shouldn't go through at night or do anything mildly provocative in...
Her sister had also had to leave Denmark, after falling in love with, and marrying, a German man
It was pretty fucking annoying and disturbing.
That’s amazing (!)
Services are immaterial, but 99% is wrong it's 87,5%.
I mean Liberal, as broad as that term is
The Evangelical Lutheran Church shall be the Established Church of Denmark, and as such shall be supported by the State
In many parts of the country, it's incredibly foolish to trust that police/law enforcement are there to offer any meaningful type of protection------and so it's largely the responsibility of the individual to figure out how to not die in the environments they live in/work in.
Within the EU you can live and work in the other EU countries
Purr is called "spinde" in Danish
Încă nu am vizitat castelul, dar vreau să merge inainte devine Bran doi
This is my rule of thumbs, regarding any swedish people
I know a few, including Minnesota, but still find it annoying as fuck when Americans assume I know various things about their federal states and their inane abbreviations
Disappointed you chose Sweden over Denmark or Norway
Yeah, i live in Copenhagen and i've never been inside Thorvaldsens museum, Amalienborg or the townhall just to mention a few
What we today call a declaration of war
I’m a proud Great bunch of ladsian
Been a while since I had Wienerbrød. Maybe I should go get some later
Thats pretty impressive :)
Hello, I named John, it happies me to meet you
I'm always amazed by how submissive people like you are.
I don't think "Alexander the Great was a Slav" really counts as an "interpretation" of history
I don’t find this post a reason to be proud of living in Europe
My oldest sibling is 7 years younger and she moved out when she was around 21 and that seemed late
The English word "ventilator" is often translated into "respirator" in other languages
It's absolutely amazing to see it grow and develop, and to see it stay as helpful as ever, and welcoming to all new members
>Russia will be annexed by Mongolia
Which again, requires more effort than pulling a trigger
There would be a lot of interested Danish politicians in how to stop EU students from studying in Denmark
[FIGHT]
wow no, an average (cheap) cigarette pack costs 55dkk (AUD$12) and next year theyre gonna increase it to 65dkk (AUD$16)
\*Looks to pile of explosives Danishly\*
In nouns we often keep the english grammar for plural, like in tank, tanks
It depends
It’s okay I have learned something new
The term is as broken as the term 'socialism'.
If there's a lack of willing workers for a job, you'd then have to make the job more attractive, I guess?
So it is possible to move ahead, if they suspect it's serious enough
[This one is a bit blury] though
As long as there is data for Sweden and Germany the Danes will shuffle along on the same track or on the nearby trail higher up while thinking life is good but could Always be better (if you were a complaining Dane that wasted time on such a strange thinking)
I love the Finns’ culture and country but I won’t have any of that Finland is Scandinavian nonsense
> This is the approach for companies that heard about the GDPR 2 yearsago, said "its plenty of time left" and yesterday went like "what do you mean it is tomorrow
I have a question for you
Yes
It was a dark time for justice in Denmark
It's English words, but it does not make any sense to me.
Sometimes we get surprised by the amount of Dutch we understand when reading
NOOOOOOO
The same goes for the Stalin and Lenin statues for that matter, and I'm sure they'll get around to those any time now
Germans apparently loves to use lots of physical pieces of paper for some reason
Not winning world war 2
Maybe I'm just dreaming of an easy way out
I was the opposite
Racially, sure
So while people may not be "actively" religious, or believers or whatever, religiosity still is so deeply ingrained in the cultural fabric of societies, and really show that secularism hasn't penetrated into culture (yet)
We also had separate cantinas and any smølf caught sneaking into the second or third year cantina, was painted blue and forced to wear a smurf costume
I envy the languages that actually make sense)
The real, material, division of people is the division based on economical class
If I needed more than that I would've bought more pieces
The combination of Russia (17.100.000 km2), the USA (9.833.517 km2) and China (9.597.000 km2) is about 31.258.299 km2.
Same thing here
Not since the German Stem duchies, which ceased being genuine tribal states by the end of the Dark Ages
Snabel A, which means trunky A - like the trunk of an elephant
Thank you for all of the support
Well, [DST says something else] It has gone slightly up in the short term, but union participation today is nothing like in the days where the vast majority of the rights we have today were won
Agreed I'm not a huge fan of the so called far right, but I really don't agree with Germany's immigration policy's and willkommenkultur
Calling the chancellor "leader of the free world" won't somehow revert Germany to the days of the Reich
Phone you know :)
Better hope that people listens!
I love how one child is wearing hearing mufflers
Thats how comcast has a monopoly.
It's the last "meal"but it's not uncommon to grab a snack later on, but usually not a full meal
(OC)]
in which people can study formally without needless interference.
More like a populist and xenophobic version of a social democratic party.
Nothing like the huge expanses of raw unspoiled nature you can get to see where you already are.
We die sooner than in the neighboring countries and there is evidence this is because of a flawed national tax paid health service.
I met a guy from there with a heavy accent, it sounded more Danish than Norwegian
And politicians have played into it because it's an easy way to score points to say "Yeah, we'll take back control from those out of touch elites down in Brussels
* Karens Klit (Karens Clit)
We had very few colonies, and we were the second or third to set the slaves free, I think.
The anniversary of the invasion on the 9th of April is known as "The day of the Siege" and the anniversary of the liberation on the 4th of May is known as "liberation day".
I'm an internationalist and I want to avoid using flags as much as possible
It runs every 20 minutes in the day
They would have to be in the early 00's then
Yes, you don’t think of it as a system
> [...] the key to a successful democracy is one, where everybody's opinion matters, and thus compromises is at the core of the process and an extremely important part of how the country is run
Couldn't you basically collect/send all the parts to someone in Denmark, and then have them ship a combined box to you
I started at 16 so I've been smoking for 9 years now.
I don't actually understand why the Brexit is such a big deal.
You don't always have control of this on a battlefield: A few mistakes, a trigger happy subordinate, some mistaken intentions and things can easily escalate.
noone thinks belgians brew good beer when germany is right next door...
Maybe you should just become one country again(you can leave the other people out of it), then you can both be best :P
Personally CCTV is way to much to me.
Because we're directly connected to "mainland Europe" (unlike Norway and Sweden) we have had *a lot* of German (As well as Dutch for that matter) immigrants throughout history so we're heavily influenced by both of those countries in certain ways.
Maybe we should concern ourselves with people, who kill seekers of truth, instead of discouraging these seekers of surviving assassination attempts and continuing to seek the truth
Thank fucking god, that short-fingered fucktard is out of world politics
I never realised the part about Franconians.
Where can I find information about this?
It was annihilation war Germany waged on Europe
>That makes me wonder how the whole 1864 affaire could happen in the first place, with Germans and Danish being so close lol
My bad, thank you though
It also has some roads, with fantastic views, through the mountains connecting it with the main road system
And there are soooo many Danish memes about taking Scania back
Said the guy from the country competing the most to sound just like us.
Better than having a møøse bite your sister, I suppose
There’s a bit more history behind that though that actually makes sense
I think *Neutral* (possibly combined with *Not heard of it*) creates an indication of noteworthiness, how much the Brits care about that country - a low rating means they care a lot
The House of Lords just seems like, well, an aristocracy with power.
> A lot of people are saying that celebrity athletes are paid what they are paid due to them generating massive amounts of money
I totally get why you would love your city too much to leave it - what a gem it is
They are being blamed because corporations choose to try and circumvent the legislation.
Subjective of course but I would say first city to get bombarded with missiles ever
Every third French voter just voted for far right nationalism
> This means that when I am talking about being pro-labour, I am talking about the ideologies that are not the dominant ideology, not the superstructure, but rather are pro-labour in that they aim for a change in ideology from a liberal ideology to an ideology for the continuation of the emancipation of the labouring class
Maybe a nice
If they screw up, we don't have the power to remove them
"Sæd" - Semen
Morfar/mormor and farfar/farmor are both bedstefar/bedstemor
Just like how their football (soccer) players are just regular blokes with no actual careers in the sport
Doyle: Maybe I like the misery
Yeah I think it’s a Scandinavia thing
Its not a insignifiant fraction that thinks trump = holocaust and the media helped breed that fear.
I'm not talking about hydrostatic shock
I mean my second internship was at Frederiksberg tailoring a quite popular tailoring place, it was cool I guess
Sometimes my mom even bought condoms for us
Edit: thinking of it, I also think the whole "two pour"-system comes from back in the day, where it was mixed, as you'd pour 2/3s fresh and top it off with 1/3 aged beer
But we danes feel we are scandinavians much more than continental europe
I would use the darker shade of red from the naval flag in the normal flag
that's very close to my first thought when I saw your photo
I’ve watched so much SKAM that I have a decent understanding of both, though
Græde (Danish) = cry
gasp
Norwwegian, and most of the time Swedish
Only spoken by like 50,000 people, but I plan to move there in a few years so I'm obviously gonna need to learn the language at some point
Finland is not within that cultural region
A "neutral" language is a language no one speaks.
Remember when Clinton got in trouble for using the term deplorables, when she spoke of these garbage people
Drug trafficking is mainly run by biker gangs like Hells Angels and "immigrant" gangs but there is and i believe has never been a drug kingpin the size and scale of anything seen in north or south america where they essentially run entire neighborhoods and areas, pay off police, run international supply chains, bribe politicians, own lavish mansions and apartments, drive around in fancy cars with convoys of armed men and own expensive jewellery
If you're a muslim man who refuses to shake hands with a Danish woman, that's any sort of danish culture test failed right there
But Bornholm is Denmark
This is not uncommon, in a few Nordic countries too
Randers
Literally today I was in an international group someone answered "PA", no other context at all, to a question about where people are from
It seems anytime there's a bad statistic about our nation, it because Copenhagen has dragged the average down
I don't think you can separate it from political or crime aspects.
How do you even traverse such slopes
Germany has more reason than most to wish to distance itself from the past, but learning from its mistakes is not the same thing as torching those who made them
They also make [energy drinks] which imo are *way* better than Monster or anything else
He's a danish songwriter, and one of, if not the best at writing love songs
Well, I'm sceptical about this map
I like our Danish PM, but if we absolutely had to replace her, I would like to have the Finnish PM
No, Trump has said some troubling things in the election campaign so far, but I really really don't believe he'll be the proverbial elephant in the porcelain shop, and DK is pretty faithful and we'll usually stick to a friend unless he turns evil
To name just a few of the wilder exaggerations of this map.
I think the main difference is that you can avoid waiting time if you have a private insurance.
From [this] I think you are correct
I grew up around Silkeborg, and we only visited them on Langeland once every summer
If you go from schengen to Fx Swiss by car - your country will not know.
We actually do have a sort-of ID card, in the form of national health insurance card.
She asked the king of Sweden for land, he said no
"Radical Left" is pretty misleading, when you're not familiar with the particular historical meaning it has here
that song is correct
The largest towns being Struer and Holstebro, and the prime industry fishing and agriculture
That is horrible news
How’s everything so green where you are
You do understand PostNord is mostly run by Swedes in the mother company PostNord AB
And why on earth would you want to overwhelm the taste of pizza?
Well, sadly you get [this] in a lot of countries
>Stk
O - Ilt
Stores selling closed containers and not allowing drinking don't need a license.
but
I think I executed the joke wrong.
Only Sweden
4 years ago our minister of science in Denmark was a creationist
Denmark missing
1 million+ signatures on a petition
400 Brits leaving for maybe several years is a disaster when compared to the measly 650000 immigrants to the Islands
fuckin' commies
"Lem" - Limb = Penis
Yeah, most of the demands seem pretty reasonable.
My grandmother was also tjenestemand, but just said her full name when answering the phone
Pure mayo is unusual, but garlic mayo/aïoli, chili mayo or any kind of herby mayo is available everywhere
I'm one of the 28% who disagree with that
He is notorious for just how insane he was
I also like his stance on immigration and Islam.
"Du hast *wohl* über den Premierminister gehört
Not all Denmark was united since the 9th century as was a lot of other states.
I haven't encountered the idea outside reddit
Still seems like a legacy of the past if you ask me, but hey if the UK wants it then they can have it.
The ambassadors should see it as a blessing.
In Denmark we don’t get snow
MØ is pretty popular recently: [Final Song] and [Lean On]
Do you sell those
My parents don't really hold the "drinking-parties" anymore, but the few instances they have (meaning a party where it wasn't a formal, aka
Aksjualli, a star is the one making the metal
Even our King Christian IX had tried to convince D G Monrad that it was a bad idea, but he wouldn't listen
Sweden, those Swedes better get back to their side of the lake
I love how any time there is a list like that all of the friendship in the Nordic countries disappears and it is all about not being in the last
*then the fest will soon begynde
Always in English
No, it should just make it clear that it is a passport from a country in the European Union, like it already does with the text
It was created at a time when the prevailing thought was "every citizen should have the ability to vote
either way i hope you'll be able to get through it.
&#x200B;
That's the whole idea of sanctions ffs.
That could og course because the Muhammed drawing is from a danish newspaper
I still think My Lovely Horse by Ted and Dougal should have been your 8th Eurovision victory
I wonder if sønderjysk will last or be swept away
As a joke, but still
This implies decommodifying welfare services, to reduce the division introduced by market-based access to welfare services, as well as preemptively socialising the costs of caring for children, the aged, and the helpless, instead of then waiting until the family's capacity to support them is depleted
Should we send some help
Kinda depends on the neighborhood
Not a grilled hot dog with everything
Winter solstice was on December 22nd
How many times has this been posted?
One can't deny the growth and influence that Asia will have in the future and you definitely can't deny the potential for Mandarin to be the lingua franca
’ I taped a guy, and he filled three beers in 11 seconds
I think our poor Belgian friend must have hit his head
Several other countries have been able to do precisely that.
In the last 5 years there has been a huge increase in housing, so it should be no problems getting either a dorm room or a shared apartment
I usually have the opposite problem with Germans, in that they always expect you to speak their language
It also makes party focused election election posters much easier as you just put your Letter in you party colors on it and basically everyone knows who its for
But which European nations automatically gets the spot might change.
As long as it's not necessary to have a private insurance, what does it accomplish
Sure, and they do have interpreters with them when meeting with representatives from other countries anyway
It’s okay I have learned something new
In Denmark we usually say smil (smile) or appelsin (orange fruit)
So it’s my overall understanding it’s all small fries here
The North-West has many MENA immigrants
In 10 years times Australia may be contributing to the EU budget...
210
Both he and the former PM Helle Thorning both went to the democratic convention.
As for the bit about active disputes, there is [Hans Island] which is contested by Canada.
Mega flot, bare lidt skuffet over Sjælland
He was a clever, strategic and ruthless politician
I think there's few Nations more diametrically opposed than Czechia and Saudi Arabia
I was recently gifted "Our ancestors" by Italo Calvino
It doesn't make sense to have the referendum until the pro-Brexit side can present some sort of alternative.
Punishing child abuse is extreme
And even worse we gave away DONG to Goldman Sachs in a corrupt deal and had an employee single handedly give someone €1
'Maintain change' is fine - the dangers are usually in defining culture/change in opposition to something - rather than trying to take the best path.
** Fuck them
Back when I worked for Telenor, we had this policy:
I'm not saying being gay is wrong, it's just that Swedish just sounds gay af.
A written word might look exactly the same in Swedish and Danish, but where the Swedes pronunciate every syllable the Danes might use the diaphram to violently force the vocal sounds and skip the ending konsonants.
[Here is a danish equivalent btw] At home I also walk around in a pair of [these] which were a gift from my parents, because I kept stealing my father's pair when I was younger.
Sure, like anyone with power in the church did at that time
So while it's not particularly beautiful it's so "neutral" that no one really voted for it as the ugliest one either
Do you consider youreself Swedish or Norweigian?
In geography we don't really learn about all the different countries, cities, and rivers
And thank you for the whisky
I don't think it's fairly political
Production of electrical equipment, nothing vital to anyone but the boss and the costumers
Russia's Norse origins have been mostly forgotten, partly because the connection stopped being renewed after the 11th century, and partly because Russian nationalism suppressed the idea that their country might have been founded by Swedes (who were, remember, historic enemies of Russia)
Our [war museum] damn we have had a lot of wars
After dinner coffee or tea or maybe a port is often served, usually in the living room rather than at the dinner table.
If you read my comment again, you'll notice something.
Maybe Journalista
but the Moldovan president just changed it from Romanian to Moldovan.
Kauder is derived from the town in Switzerland that is now "Chur", so basically Kaudervælsk is just the romansh language
No more good beer for you then
Don't worry, you are German - nobody expected you to get a joke
Even though, I have actually heard that Aarhus is better in the law department
I just checked and prices vary depending on when you wish to travel
Well
Some prioritize baskets (mostly on women's bikes), some have a [Christiania bike] in addition to their normal bike for picking up kids or heavy groceries, while others have a [kid's seat] on the back for that
it is the differences that create tension
I think Romanian politicians basically just legalized corruption
Who knew
It also includes you have to break if a dog runs in front of your car (IIRC)
It is kind of heartbreaking the first time, right?
Longer growing seasons matter more
It's a good thing Norway isn't in the EU, or you wouldn't have been able to see some of the other countries.
I'm a student, it happens to everyone around me as well
I've lived the first 22 years of my life in Randers and I have no clue what you are on about
me me me
This constitution holds for all parts of the Danish realm
This is interpreted very strict, if the sex-worker rents a room somewhere to do her work then the landlord can be in trouble unless s/he can prove that s/he didn't make the sex-worker pay more than usual.
Nah I hate hearing myself or other Danes speaking English
We don't have that technology yet.
DK: Dåse = "Can", as in a metal can for drinks
It should be standard, but I see tons of maps like these on this subreddit, and rarely does it include reference to a paper or study
You probably can, but people dont
they are just being honest in their intentions
It's expected to atleast know English here, and quite a few manage passable German
i can walk into any supermarket, almost regardless of which one it is, and find the same products
Rasmus Paludan
4 years ago our minister of science in Denmark was a creationist
Are you saying you have giant rotten fish
In Denmark I only hear it for SO's or friends when you're really really drunk.
or Dick from Richard
If you're completely ignoring reality, then the discussion exists on an utopian plane that's disconnected from the real world, which could often make the eventual outcome of this discussion inapplicable to the real world
I would take a car as far as Hungary, Croatia, most of northern Italy and Southern France, I would fly to Spain, fly to the UK, fly to southern Italy and Greece etc
Sry i have humour and the people in my culture can take a joke
Lol, that's Kaj, from the much loved children's tv show Kaj og Andrea
The little house - det lille hus
But that's super interesting
Not according to Copenhageners
Are you talking about Project 23000E?
We have several "blunt D's" which are D's you can't hear
Five and 2½ times twenty (femoghalvtredsindstyve)
man
The riftzone between Catholicism and Orthodoxy and the religious mosaic in general
Kissing the feet of the Chinese at every turn
BIER
None, really
By "most often" I meant pretty much always
That means he's not just terribly ignorant about another country (which is excusable) but he's also terribly ignorant about his own
Please let this happen
I hate it when my car runs away
Second: The island is out in the stream
If the question starts off negative, you use the negative forms:
Yes, it's a beautiful flag but I just can't draw it myself
Major differences would be not being a shooting and not being carried out
You might end up having to follow all our ^^^^dane laws but with no say, makes me nostalgic
None of them are NATO members, so they are not exactly surrounded by allies, but it's not like they are expecting an assault from Finland or Sweden anytime soon :-)
Thought this was on /r/nostupidquestions for awhile, good on you for asking this despite feeling it's a weird question!
Well it kinda is I guess
-Love,
We describe everything with it, just like the Dutch
Yeah if you skew the numbers incredibly
I suck at german️
That you even have to ask that question is a little concerning.
I don't think I've ever seen a post on /r/europe asking people specifically what should be done to improve integration (which could actually be a pretty great discussion).
There’s a generational divide
That's not really disputed, only thing disputed is whether that's enough.
GG guys
You're obligated to adopt the Euro once you meet certain conditions
2018 was the hottest summer i've ever experienced
"Julebryg" is just regular beer, but with vodka and Liquorice
The negotiations of Kanslergade is a canon-point in Danish history
Both children and teenagers
For a second I thought somebody had censored the hog’s {synonym for rooster}
if you had bothered to click the link.
Not really I can see the point of strengthening frontex as long as it doesn't mean they just use the money to bring more migrants to Europe.
One for the history books
Of course she has an opinion on it.
We were discussing some time ago if we should make pepper spray legal, if that gives you an idea
Swedish: Just enough to understand the point
My French level is sub-par, and my Italian never grew beyond casual conversing with family members when I was a kid
30 day tickets are a little cheaper, but only if you have to commute almost every weekday for those 30 days
Yeah lets just go directly to nuclear
It always seemed weird to me how France is such a cheese country yet you don’t have cheese slicers from what I’ve seen
When I discovered magnifying glasses and how ants reacted to intense heat
My only regret from that trip still
There has been for many years an exodus of people with poor labour market integration from Copenhagen to places with lower cost of living
You had more channels since you’re twice as big as us
Takk tak
Can agree on that
Didn’t we have some trouble because of the Muhammad Drawings
5 billion as a tax return
It's minus -4 in Esbjerg, but according to my app, due to wind and humidity it feels like -14
People either don't know any better or just pay that for fashion.
That's not pizza
Their cuisines are also primarily hunted meat and fish, that has been fermented or dried
> Don’t pity May
Either prevent the loss in against the Prussians in 1864 or the loss against the Swedes in 1658
With my friends I have a clear "I get this round, you get the next and if not - then surely its fine anyways
In just how many european countries is the "leader of the free world" thing a running joke to make fun of the stereotypical ignorant and oblivious american?
Are you okay
As soon as they start talking about member countries taking in people from MENA, i say "bye bye EU".
We really worked well together on this one!
EDIT: Let me just start by saying I agree with everything Macron is saying in this video
Its weird, I look at these photos and struggle to find someone that I would be like yeps, definitely Norwegian, but today, you can usually spot peoples nationality.
Abe: ape and monkey
* "
- People are nice, when they don't try to cheat you because they think you're a tourist
I've had that happen on my friends while we were on a school trip to England once
>One thing is that our right-wing populist and anti-immigrant party has been in coalition governments with the rest of the centre-right parties since 2001, so they have had a very large influence on how asylum seekers, refugees and immigrants are talked about in the media and are constantly pushing the racism laws on whats acceptable and with their and other right-wing anti-immigrant parties growth, the centre parties and social-democrats havn't fought back fearing backlash in the elections, against "harsher laws", making it possible to deport refugees to war zones, putting whole families where one is a criminal into "camps" etc,
I was just trying to explain why it makes sense to expand renewable energy generation even though you are at a 100 (for electricity) already
If you say something like "We'll take back Skåne!" 'med et glimt i øjet', it's not to be taken seriously.
With my Spanish girlfriend
100% Inuk(Inuk is singular of Inuit)
Sure but dead people aren't that expensive to deal with.
Entirely different experience
* Hungary: Budapest gave me the best study trip in 2012, fantastic city with great Gyros Kebab
- Sweden
It just didn't really feel like Christmas at all
I mean the state owned liquor stores, drinking ages being 20 etc
Hell, even Finland still has a close relation with Russia.
Are the nobles well-known in your communities?
The japanese cleaning up their lockerroom after they lost their match and had to go home
Modern Oradea is first mentioned in 1113
Socialism is the first step towards communism
I do feel that it’s quite silly that it is a subject that you can have for exams though
Now if the Gulf Stream changes or worse, ceases to exist, we might see another Ice age
First off: Thank you, to all who participated
What do you think would happen to the UN if it had that authority?
If you could read Danish, then I'd recommend Jussi Adler-Olsen
Thank you for the best war ever
Everybody knows that your educational system rocks
But an weekday trip price between the two biggest cities in Denmark with a stop in the third biggest is 30€. The trip takes 2h and 50m.
I don’t have the diaries as they are with my grandmother, so no I cannot give you an exact date and you can make of that what you will but i remember having built a huge snowman i November with my cousin that still stood in April even though at that point it was just a pile of snow
I'd highly recommend walking down one of the streets that run more or less parallel to Strøget, a block or two out, instead
Of other semi-purposely wrong German sentences I can remember "Guten heute, Leute" definitely stands out
I'm going to Wagrain on Friday, seems like we have some snow to look forward to
How do you pass it around
" (Here you go, Sir
> By that logic, Russia, Czechia, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Romania, Poland and a few other countries are also practically german
many people don't drive modern cars
The times he has offended people like Merkel is outright embarrassing, tasteless and deeply unprofessional.
Ain 't no danish word got no dots over no anything
It's usually phrased in a "Do you feel more European than Danish?
Yes, when I was younger I had a friend who knew people like that.
Why are you like this, my dear polish person
There's nothing else to eat
The price of milk has risen by like 50% in the last 5 years
Norway and Denmark are both Denmark
And here I thought the morality police were confined to Iran and Saudi Arabia...
If the Arab world would’ve been stable, and if the most extreme groups would not be funded by Saudi oil money (+ Iran and others)
Other than by screaming and running over each other with autocampers
On the other hand if you are educated on what asbestos leads to down the line, lung cancer, mesothelioma and asbestosis you won't use it
Not winning world war 2
Now make a transparent pasta drink glass
When I was a kid I thought Ikea was Danish because their logo was red and white
My laptop
Jeppe Kofod (Socialdemokratiet) (NO/YES)
That's a long delay, if they had to delay it for that long.
Was this from a documentary on just randomly on the news
1 kartoffel, 2 kartofler, 3 kartofler etc
Some people don't like it, but to me it doesn't mean that you are a bad person for being smart, successful, talanted or rich - it just means that those things don't define our value as humans; we are all equal
For 1 DKK you can get 2 packs of yeast and basically nothing else lol
I assume it depends on location, only 1 guy in my class back when i was a kid had a middle name, but speaking with someone from Copenhagen he said basically everyone has one
You take Danish class
I did say Copenhagen
Ah yes, that's why the KKK is celebrating and preparing a victory march.
Singapore has China and Mongolia, plus a few others as well
"I Danmark er jeg født, der har jeg hjemme, der har jeg rod, derfra min verden går."
Because we are a kingdom that also include Greenland and the Faroes Islands, where they are also very well liked, they are kind of a gathering point.
You even allowed that decisions to be taken by people with very limited knowledge about the consequences
Different people may coexist peacefully, as long as both are allowed to practice their differences
I dropped my subscription to Telegraph when the quality nosedived.
For once, we agree on something, Swede.
It's been an international centre and a melting pot for almost two centuries
"Er ist *ja* ein Idiot"
That is how we keep being the happiest people in the world, despite living in a tiny socialist country where everyone is either introvert, depressed or both, and where the summer fell on a Monday this year.
yep
It also makes party focused election election posters much easier as you just put your Letter in you party colors on it and basically everyone knows who its for
> No, Thanks to the NHS, the police force, The Fire and Rescue Services, To the Care system
(This is what I'm currently getting, and I'm living at home with my mom who has a low income)
They simply needed an exterior "enemy" to create a nation
My wife and I are befriending a British/US couple who just moved to Denmark because they visited on a holiday a few years ago, and she (from the US) found out how much a "0th grade" school teacher makes^*.
Fat chance that's goingto happen.
Also known as the North Sea Empire
Of what I know
You people have so many peninsulas already leave some for the rest of us
Ofc
That's why he targeted the youth organization of a Social Democratic party.
Proto-Indo-European master race checking in.
A few years ago a 'documentary' claimed al sort of nonsense and the mass hysteria spread
True
It's hard to hate our Polish workforce.
We spend a week at this [guesthouse.] It costed 20$ a night and includes a big breakfeast with like 3 different kinds of cheese and wurst.
If someone from Denmark tries to speak english, then it's very obvious that they're danish, especially if they are from an older generation
I strongly envy thata
One of the best burgers I ever had
* Have sex with someone of your own sex - remove the cross entirely
Please elaborate aha
It is worth mentioning that the burned bibles where done with an artistic purpose, while the Quran was burned with the purpose of spiting Islam.
Well most Danes despised the Germans by then because of what they did during the first world war for taking Danish soldiers to fight for them from Slesvig, even though Denmark was neutral during WW1
All that shit about Denmark during the presidential campaign is over.
Let's not kid ourselves, the handling of the Corona virus is one factor
scientist Benedict Anderson argues in his 1983 book _Imagined Communities_ that nations "[are] imagined because the members of even the smallest nation will never know most of their fellow-members, meet them, or even hear of them, yet in the minds of each lives the image of their communion".
Also drugs
It doesn't just go for people from Muslim countries although they're probably the majority of that group today, I've also experienced the same with East Asians for example
Put out the numbers, make the case, or shut the fuck up
Appealing to the masses is important in getting elected, but we certainly shouldn’t make it more important than it already is
Kind man, but it was kinda strange
Og omkring det med banneret, det var noget jeg tilføjede da jeg lavede min konto for næsten to år siden, og bare ikke har fået ændret
When I lived in america there were a lot of times where I'd point to Denmark on a map and the reaction would be "isn't that Germany
They already dont want to be a part of Denmark so why dont they take their share of the refugees lol.
I learned that from QI, so it is a bit questionable whether or not it's true.
Why Scotland already had a referendum paid for by British taxpayers if they want another one it's only fair that the scots fund it themselves.
70 for a bag, and *everyone* brings their own bag - just like the law intended us to do
Sure but we can unpeg it at an instant, unlike Greece and other countries.
You still have to remember that Gypsies are not *from* that region.
Only when the Danish state surrenders sovereignty to another country/group/institution.
I think there's very little difference prestige-wise, except maybe for CBS and RUC being at the opposite ends of the scale
Be warned if you don't speak german that she only speaks a small amount if english.
Sometimes my mom even bought condoms for us
Apart from that it's all about getting outside as much as possible when it's daytime - especially if you're lucky enough to have a relatively cloudless day
I'm a first semester uni student who moved back in my moms apartment until I've found one myself, but apartments in the city I study is easily $600 for 15m2
Also back in the day there were like 5 different beer options and most drank either Tuborg ("grøn"), Carlsberg ("hof") or Faxe draught beer (if at an event or a football match) - that changed a lot with the craft beer explosion the past few decades, people want to geek out a little over what they consume instead of conforming to the cultural norm
We explained that a couple of soldiers were afraid of the turkish president and they would like to stay in Norway.
During a terrorist attack many of them had submachine guns
good sir
Edit: Towns, not tows
When everyone's alone
Jeg skal ha en død indianer med det hele, tak
Reminds me of that giant statue of Jesus with a crown Poland build in the middle of nowhere
While Copenhagen/Eastern Denmark got much more TV and Radio from Sweden.
>So yes, they did return with an additional soldier, but he was simply an Austrian liaison officer, who I'm sure returned to Tyrol soon after
You don't talk shit about Australia...
HOWEVER; putting up a flag as a wall decoration in (for example) your living room is seen as very bad taste
Americans are fanatically obsessive about their country.
satellites are picking up sulphur and particles
All I see is 3 bikes hanging from the ceiling, with german flags waving
99% of all filter coffee is dogshit, but you can get really excellent filter coffee if you go to a proper café where they know what they are doing.
I would absolutely prefer a Scandinavian Union over the EU.
"Sweden" is considered a very uncultured and vulgar word
It's already super expensive to be member of the EU, so EU shouldn't really use more money, but we are lacking super computers and space exploration/construction in EU
That's why Hillary won the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes.
It's a riot
Det er en død hest
But they still exist
We're starting a movement over at r/acteuropa
It's because in europe we slack in the science and military size departments but we make schooling for most degrees be free instead.
A sailor was at sea when suddenly his ship sank,
I think they should do something about the huge saleries and office money and other stuff MP get or at least make sure that everything but the salary is transparent.
I'd highly recommend walking down one of the streets that run more or less parallel to Strøget, a block or two out, instead
Sorry, I didn’t come here to rant but it really makes me mad how ignorant and/or money hungry some the most powerful people in the world are
But since it’s only one person I guess peter Madsen, or whoever you s the worst and most despicable criminal in Denmark
Seemed odd to me
Norwwegian, and most of the time Swedish
For the EU to survive the common currency needs to end.
But it isn't really a dangerous enough disease that I'm willing to put it under the "should be mandatory"-category, unless your child suffers from a chronic illness
BIER
What about banning the word 'feminism' in favour of a more inclusive gender-neutral word?
it was dropped faster than you could say mazel tov.
In case of both my mother and my brother and other people I know how have suffered from cancer, treatment started immediately after they were diagnosed
His comment added nothing of discussion to the thread
Will we force companies to only pay at a certain cap even though they might be willing to pay more for local skilled labour
Well, it was first defined by Aksel Sandemose, a Danish writer, but he didn't come up with it, he described an existing small-town mentality
It takes longer to pour as it needs to settle
Romania is in the midst of an anticorruption battle.
"When in Rome
And it's also quite popular to drive to Sweden and buy a bunch to sell in Denmark
I met one of these guys in Mexico years back.
Most health organizations in the world with statements on circumcision are opposed to circumcising children:
Malmö, Sweden
The new Freedom Museum in Copenhagen about the WW2 Occupation is also quite good, but its subject matter is a bit limited of course
I'm a researcher in Computer Science
Germany, but french
War refugees run as far away as possible generally, they don't stop in the next country over hoping the problem is smaller there
I completely agree
It has a horizontal enter
on the other hand it's not easy to take the "time to kick out the foreigners stealing our jobs" attitude seriously either
They then closed a few years after I stopped being a scout
The UN can't have that, they need as many members as possible to prove their legitimacy (which is needed for their peacekeeping forces) and to be able to claim that it *is* a place, where everyone can speak with everyone.
Norway
) was taught to us in the UK, the Luther reformation was mentioned because the teacher made the connection because I and the German girl was in the class (and the rest of the class assumed this Martin Luther was Martin Luther King, so we ended up spending some time on it)
We do that as well in Denmark
It will still be lower quality than a professional army, but it would provide quantity if that is what is needed.
Often when I read something in Norwegian it takes me a few sentences before I realise that it's not Danish
Thanks Germany for cheap Candy and Soda across the border
In Denmark, we don´t really do anything
) and realized I might have found it engaging as a kid, but as an adult I could feel it killing my braincells
You can check the more recent versions, i have made a LOT of progress
Some have a mix of apartments and offices (usually apartments in the upper floors).
I don't know if there's an English word for that though
Public transit is just as viable in an American city as in a European one.
In Sweden, Norway and Denmark Facebook Messenger is the standard app to use for texting
I can buy a bag of potatoes from the neighboring farm and for 100 kr
close enough
Until and unless the EU becomes a proper, single nation, I will want my own nation's passport
Slagelse has the best kebab though
If you don't mind, when has anything good ever come out of somebody losing their temper
Doing one thing right doesn't excuse everything else you have done.
I can't really give you an example of one film that portrays Denmark in a cringy way, but usually whenever Denmark is mentioned in a film or TV-series, it's something about HYGGE (pronounced "HOO-GA" if they're English speaking), the Danish welfare, something-something "socialism" something or the Danes being the happiest people on earth
Everyone seems to know everyone, which can either be really nice, or really awful if nepotism is a part of life
Not necessarily true - I'm used to the 1
In my eyes you are the biased (and openly so) and anti- freedom.
My mom gets so offended when I refuse her homeopathic bullcrap
It was likely pronounced as "Jersuy" and then later Jersey.
bullying isnt really proactive
I can a few words
yup i feel you - Denmark
Feel free to tip if you've received really exceptional service, but it's not expected and people normally don't tip.
The hypothetical German version would be something like "Doneralb"
I thought it was [klatkager] based on the name lmao
Yes, I heard about it, and I don't have strong feelings about it, really.
Even better than alternative outcome of actual historic events could predict.
There is a big difference between what a party entails when being in your twenties and what is means as you get older
I actually haven't been to Luxembourg all i know is that's it's very wealthy.
I hope the loophole gets filled quickly before the company can make any money off of it.
You think that catholic Christianity is a Stone Age religion compared to Islam?
Maybe some people don't want to force other people to pay for something that almost no one would watch.
Kinda crazy to see when we haven’t had any snow last for over a day here in Denmark
I mean, it does say he's a fellow at the Cato Institute
The guy talking is a famous TV-personality/comedian (Mikael Bertelsen).
>Also, while we're at it, while googling for cool names we found Ganja on the list of popular scandinavian names
I thought for the longest time that this was just the most generic, standard partner dance people learned across countries, but I just found out it’s only a thing in Denmark
from the foreign language youre trying to learn to your own works about as well as the other way around and may even be available more ofte.
Those who understand all dialects, and those who only understand their own
It's immediately apparent as soon as people say that, that have never visited Sweden
“Damn this queue is moving slowly”, “yeah haha”. It’s mostly not me, but the strangers who initiate this type of back and forth
Are you seriously suggesting that Europe is rich because of the 3rd world countries they exploited?
We have 200
The VW Amarok could be a nice choice - if I was a sheep farmer living in northern Sweden
Hi /u/D_Redacted
Put this at the top of the list for the EU in the negotiations.
Yea, you're right
We still have 12 years to create the KALMARUNION
Like, a lot a lot
Man, I liked that story
Well if so
>Everyone who sees this book must know that King Valdemar, the second son of Valdemar, the son of Saint Knud, when he had been king for thirty-nine winters, and a thousand and two hundred and forty winters after our Lord was born, in the following month of March, wrote this book and gave this law, which is written here in Danish, in Vordingborg with the consent of his sons who were present , King Erik , Earl Abel and Count Christoffer, as well as Uffe, who is Archbishop in Lund, and Bishop Niels in Roskilde, Bishop Iver in Funen, Bishop Peder in Aarhus, Bishop Gunner in Ribe, Bishop Gunner in Viborg, Bishop Jens in Vensyssel and Bishop Jens in Hedeby and also with the consent of all the great men who are in his kingdom
It was named as such because like how Harald united the danes, Bluetooth unites devices
we just have one thing called "mathematics", and the teacher takes you through all of the different aspects (we have the same subjects for one, two, or three years depending on what is obligatory and what your chosen studies are)
I guess it was the [Seest fireworks disaster] in Kolding in 2004
So yes - I approached them and I have mostly very nice experiences.
Also the Danish medical sector and windturbine manufactorers might be in for it - they export big time to the US.
It's *ærgrer* but yes the closest English words would be irritates or unsatified
It's just one of those cases of laziness I think.
There are currently 18 judges
Ø = Island
Wake up, shower, eat breakfast (either rye bread, raw oats or white bread), brush my teeth.
It proves that even minute differences mean the world
Not doing that again
The inquest in Beaconsfield, Bucks, heard the motorist told police his car was driving itself as it reached 119mph two seconds before the collision with the stationary 18-tonne lorry.
If it is the jar itself it would be neuter gender: "Nutellaen" but if it out of the jar some might say "nutellaet", plural gender
> Copenhagen is sitting on the edge of our country,
What
The Evangelical Lutheran Church shall be the Established Church of Denmark, and) as such, it shall be supported by the State
I think most politicans vote for themselves
Stuff is expensive here and people are not too likely to want to give up urban life, friends networks, so this is, sadly, a very real consequence.
The hatered was great and well earned
Ketchup
That will also make the crashes LiveLeak worthy
The whole thing lasted less than 20 seconds, and practically no one noticed
Opposition to the death penalty should, in my opinion, be absolute, but you have the right to disagree of course
I don't think it tells very much
What EU
>In 2016, 95 326 laboratory-confirmed cases were reported out of which 134 were fatal
i.e. maintainable
Do Albaniens like cheese
Denmark is the bar owner
No Santa
The 2012 statistic from Denmark isn’t the case anymore
What's wrong with the number system
Også mig, tak
Seems pretty stupid to blame the EU.
I do not know what services they offer in Greece, and you certainly have no inkling of what Denmark provides.
There was one close to me until a few years ago
Hopefully Biden doesn’t warrent the same critisism
Yup :)
I assume you are allowed to leave.
EUROP STRONK
Because they put their fucking lives on the line every moment of every day to protect their country and also to protect ungrateful countries full of wimpy-men (Europe).
Technically not a country "beside my own", being a part of my own, but I dislike it when people mock Greenland and Greenlanders because of their problems with alcoholism and high suicide rates
He is technically correct, which is the best kind of correct
Anything where a danish team is remotely close to winning
As of next Thursday to clarify even more
It also includes you have to break if a dog runs in front of your car (IIRC)
I find many similarities between the Irish and Icelandic alphabets
My dad usually told me that my parents bought me in IKEA/Bilka/JYSK, and that they unfortunately couldn't return me
Bumser
You understand me but I need subtitles for you
Huge kudos to Bengt Holst for keeping his cool, even though you can clearly see he is so over the Channel 4 guy and his extremely leading questions
Someone else might have gotten it wrong
When I went to school in the UK, I had no idea you guys had assemblies, and nobody thought to tell me . After a couple of weeks I got a very stern talking to from a teacher for missing all of them
no no no, we're the dominant ones
TIL: People in East + West Prussia and Silisia were considered funny by Austrians.
Started as a 9 y/o in school
Love me a good trip to the local English monestary
Yeah I know it's just borrowed, I'm only joking
In most languages I’ve come across it has some awkward double meaning that can be misunderstood, like how in English a girlfriend can be a female friend, and in German a friend and a girlfriend is both Freundin etc
To be honest, it is actually an interesting aspect of modern social interactions online.
“[The old city] see how we lived in the 1970s, 1920s and before 1900 in the city
The war to inevitably lead to the next, bigger, war
They were in western Europe, parts of France and western Denmark, i believe
I think Sweden is way closer to Finland in a way we're not
Reminds me of that giant statue of Jesus with a crown Poland build in the middle of nowhere
Who is the other person
Well, sadly you get [this] in a lot of countries
I get questions daily like “do you think it would be okay if I just went to” **bitch don’t leave the country
i don’t understand why anyone would want this
Correcto
There's cold parts of the planet too, you know
Fencing is already a sport
The highest level of education of the previous tax minister in Denmark was 9th grade lol
In Denmark, an authors copyrights expire 70 years after their death
Even transit through Scania to the island of Bornholm was closed, meaning that Danish citizens couldn't travel from one point in Denmark to another, unless they took a plane or ferry, which were overbooked
Written Danish and Norwegian (Bokmål) are so identical you won’t always notice that it’s not, in my case, Danish
It's lovely - it's more snobbery than anything else
Which is why I'm reeeeally not looking forward to the mosquitoes this summer
That is where it starts rubbing many Europeans the wrong way.
That WIFI and cellular is bad for you - which is also why there’s some pushback when it comes to 5G.
He's a stalwart hero who laughs at death himself and only smiles at the opportunity of being strapped on top of the biggest rocket you can imagine being launched into space, only to see if it works
How do you feel your strength is going in to that fight?
In my city Aalborg we have hvis statue of a bull
Like others have already mentioned, small ~~world~~ country
No Danish is Norwegian with sloppy pronunciation.
Hey man, if you're smiling, I'm smiling :D
Denmark created global warming so you cheaters couldnt walk over the belts again!
Poison is something you take, not to be it (married)
Damn
They have a right to choose whether to undergo religious rituals when they are old enough to decide for themselves
They are difficult to place at the moment they certainly used to be part of the far left but after they tried to be part of the social democratic gouverment (it went horribly) they are sorta between far left and left.
Let's not forget:
>If you don’t want these labels associated with your party, then you will have to convince racists to stop supporting your party
So yeah, you never know
**Western Jutland:** Jesusland
I'd rather not get highway tolls
I am so extremely happy for the community to have developed the way it has
You sure make Hungary seem nice.
> Armenian–Azerbaijani War
In my city Aalborg we have hvis statue of a bull
I just used some time googling danish newpapers as i dont remember it, i can't find anything about it in danish newspapers.
You're all welcome to come join, [here's a link]
Røget ørred
argh, right dad :)
I remember this scene
I mean most monarchs does matter
" which translate directly into "I'm going to blow up pigs
I've never been to CZ so I have no personal experience with the language IRL but recently I watched some travel vlogs/videos on Youtube and one of them was a Czech guy (with subs thankfully) cycling through Europe.
I usually don't get winter depression, but for my girlfriend it's usually pretty rough
I originally understood it as only being danish artist but it’s a lot more than just them
There is the Copenhagen criteria in theory limiting who can apply
I wish the world was simple enough to just have a list of “countries that don’t like us” on the news lol
Generally people are pretty light around it, and kids are often offered light beers as kids, and proper beers at the Confirmation(age 13), but very few actually start drinking regularly at those ages
The average cost of that per person is between 6000-8000kr
I recently saw another German series on Netflix though, called Tribes of Europe
Burger king medium soda is 0,89 L.
Behind the church is the oldest “house” in the city
You can travel from the tip of Denmark to copenhagen in about 5-6 hours
Don't go into tech or pharmaceutics, but something basic.
In the West, we actually investigate that shit, and don't just make broad asumptions.
In service to the people
A piece of apple sorrounded by a pancake-like batter
I think there are some rules like in German, but for comparison German would have way more rules when it comes to gender
fucking hate it when you go to take out your vape but it turns out it's an e-meth
I ranked the Great Powers, as well as eight Secondary Powers chosen by myself, as if they were rulers, while assigning tiers to them based on how well they can project their power.
" (scroll to  page 7 for the English   translation
That is actually not completely true.
Their defense policy was in all seriousness to abolish the military and replace it with a voice mail saying "we surrender" in Russian, German and English
The state has the obligation to provide healthcare to its citizens
Though when children get to the age where computers becomes mandatory for everything school related, they tend to get better at file management and other computer related tasks
Now we use spanier
Nynorsk - as a Dane
Would probably be nice to be able to understand our neighbors
In the Camaque area I had them where you were supposed to dip them in chili mayo
One of the things that annoy me most about our country's modern history is the government selling the oil extraction rights for areas of the North Sea instead of doing what Norway did decades later and nationalising the resource instead
Even if we accept your mockery of Americans, and we assume they do define socialism wrong, they still have the right idea about the real battle being between state coersion vs individualism
I think the bigger issue is how money is playing an ever bigger role in elections and politics in general.
Same and I'm 43
1 kartoffel, 2 kartofler, 3 kartofler etc
However, the eyeopener was when I watched the music video for the first time lol
The     Committee stated that it was unethical and illegal to perform     circumcision on infant boys in this instance
One could argue that they share history as seperate countries in the early middleages, but even then its shared history between the English, and then Welsh and Viking tribes
Compare Russia today to the region 300 years ago, or France, or Spain, or the US, China, or literally any other country
Just kidding, I am reminded of Ireland every time I watch a goalless football match
[Danish penal code § 13]
If you're actually curious, I can find a video real quick :)
Who gets to decide what is "malicious circumvention of a law"?
* Has your view of the EU changed during the Corona virus crisis
"Swedish media admits to censoring stories" is pretty fucking far from "The government censors stories"
Seriously, we need something here
* Estonia: Where Dannebro fell from the skies
This is simply not true
Hello fellow Copenhagener :P
I hope to see governments and other industry do the same
I remember reading about them making it so you can only walk by it to protect it
Weird language
By last year I meant 2018, not 2019 haha)
Dane: Exactly
They tried to buy it for 100mil.
Don’t wait too long
Ireland, Germany, Portugal, Albania, Italy and Italy
I've looked at it and am pretty confused
This post checks out
And yeah we don’t small talk on the street much, and don’t use many politeness phrases (none of that last part bothers me personally though)
One king behind the whole thing
There might be a couple of people who don't really know how it works, but I'd say only few Danes aren't able to distinguish between Denmark the country and Denmark the Kingdom :)
Porca
[Lukas Graham - 7 years]
It's 100% legal to drink as a 10-year old(although those serving the alcohol may or may not face legal repercussions depending on the context)
The sexual revolution was happening and on steroids, and some felt that children to varying degrees were a natural part of that
The scale of the reconstruction and development makes me believe it is the city in Denmark which has seen the most development recently
Konstig (Swedish) = weird
For my own accord
> They tend to get rather creative with their recipes and choice of produce from what I've experienced
It's a *shame* I can't understand Norwegian.
It's the smaller dialects and minority languages that are going to die out as more and more people assimilate to the main dialect or language
I'm not saying I'm all-knowing or have more rights or whatever, but it's simply my feelings about it.
Same
Maybe
There are many interesting videos on YouTube where he talks about his goals, dreams, motivations, why and how  he became a bodybuilder and went to USA
At least I have seen lots of pictures from the 50's of university-students wearing their graduation-hats
Yes
You also regularly see people using example from the USA, American history etc
There are also people IN the cars
Because C is not used in native danish words only in loan words or names...
It's right there, close to where you live
Is that the next sunrise or the next time the sun reaches Longyearbyen
Zero rating, though
Where I'm from, an Iphone is seen as you pay a price for the phone it self and then you pay an extra price for the brand on top of that
Reads like a poem
Friendliness from Bali
You certainly leave enough behind in Copenhagen for them to constitute a sizeable portion of the 3 AM drunkards
Is it about how loud one should be talking
No worries
Which language or dialect do you speak?
Honestly none, but it makes sense as I'm a huge geography nerd when it comes to anything on a map, but the Romanian cities aren't the only one I would have a little trouble pointing out their exact location within their borders
I don't understand it really
> when it's very convenient for western EU gov'ts to score political points by acting tough on the Schengen issue
we dont have any dialects, except on bornholm, where they speak a mutant swedish danish combo which just sounds funny
I would say owning a cottage is somewhat common in Denmark.
Indeed, and unlike some other countries religion isn't really an issue at all here.
* Dental treatment
Don't know exactly what you are asking!
I've gone on 8 school trips abroad during my years in middle and high school
Don’t overestimate global warming, it’s a one degree difference
Did you know that the Rotherham pedocircles are actually regrouping and expanding because police has lost all interest in them since the last bust years ago.
A lot of people are clearly ashamed by it, which seems rather ridiculous to me
A standard 600 kg trailer will cost ~$15/day, but lots of places will loan you one if you buy heavy or large stuff from them)
The connection is currently in the fourth stage of planning and the expectation is that it could be ready by 2035 and cost 30 billion Danish kroner
No worries
Not locked in some guys house like a pet.
Did you learn to cook in school
If it means we get to tax the shit out of air travel and put the money into HSR hell yeah I would support it
I’m interested
I thought the Czech Republic was the place that started this newest wave of anti-Russia sentiment by throwing out those spies
Germany too, just because I love Germany
I’ll do you better, THR
I'm a lazy college kid who plays vidya ffs, not a military strategist
What is it with Belgium and their sense, or lack of sense, of architecture
Can you explain what you mean by "free speech is fucked up"? So far you haven't explained what you mean
The weather is too damn hot
I bike through there every day to work
We got so much pizza, all the time
It enters as either a deliberate rhetorical trick, or as a historical misunderstanding, or, perhaps as it often is, a little bit of both
He isn't that popular in Denmark at the moment
He's still in braces
i feel stupid now
*AAAAAAAAAAARGH
It’s kind of like the ghetto discussions
Is it really
On weekend nights it’s full-fledged conversations and mixing of friend groups
" it would probably be the wolf, but those are very few in numbers and generally flee from humans
Happy nerds everywhere, lots of coding and swapping tips and tricks with fellow geeks
That is why in so many ways the, at the time, serious interest from Trump to buy Greenland off Denmark was, to quote our PM "Absurd". To which Trump, as the mature person he is, promptly called of his own invitation to Denmark, two weeks before he was meant to arrive
I wouldn't move there, but I love visiting
Username checks out for this
I don’t know how severe it is tho
Fins have a natural instinct to compress things
I think Sweden is also controlling their borders.
Swedes are all just a bunch of fatties, who could learn a thing or two from the fit Danish Chads
"Egern" No, just like any other danish word we don't pronounce half the letters, so with some help you most likely can but 100% that your first guess will be quite off
I feel my blood boiling
I'm sure I'd feel the same way if I was from most other countries so it's got nothing in particular to do with Denmark, it has to do with what I'm used to, what I've grown up with, the values I've grown up with and have adopted etc
Not even slightly necessary
Without us you wouldn't have lego or Hans Christian Andersen >:(
people constantly talk about sweden as this socialist haven
But in English I become white trash
In Denmark: Mom and dad are fluent in English and German
It is not even close and we are gonna see it clearly coming when it is.
I got them from a 2018 article, though I concede the article might have had them wrong, seeing as DS says different
In some situations that can be an advantage - if the Swedish economy does poorly, the krona can lose value, making Swedish exports more competitive and helping economic recovery
None are more prestigious than others, since they are all free
His comedies are still often played at lots of theaters around the country
In Denmark it’s raining all the time through, Nørrebro in Copenhagen has been flooded last I checked in the news
8 km to my work place - i use an electric scooter to get there
Practically, it would be a lot easier without all of these languages dividing Europe
Is there a social stigma among females against using websites like this?
Danish: All of it
It's become sort of a rebel flag
I did the same (also in Denmark)
Because it's written by a Danish poet over the words of a German monk, set to the tune of a Silesian Christmas-song
Until recently not coming
(Mørke means Darkness)
it's because something is seriously wrong.
For some of reason the local dialects vary so wildly that people living in one part of the country may very well have actual serious problems understanding words and sentences spoken in a "foreign" dialect.
There's a strong and welcoming student environment for international students at the Student House close to campus, which hosts a lot of parties, but also runs a cafe and a bar every day of the week
The cathedral continued to be the preferred location for the entombment of the Danish monarchs, but apart from that most of the other religious institutions disappeared, churches and monasteries were torn down etc
I don't really have any bad stories about traveling in Europe, it's all been pretty great so far
GG guys
Personally I don't care
And even then they’re rarely spoken
I thought it was a fluke at first, but it kept happening
There are some others that are quite popular now that's newer, but since Denmark is currently fighting with youtube over copyright issues, none of them are available on YT
Would be great to have the equivalent in English
Danish is a very "clean" looking language similar to English, but unlike English we have the amazing letters of Æ, Ø and Å. That alone makes written Danish the obvious choice
Both morally and legally (if you believe in following international conventions).
Here, Nikolai would most likely be someone very young, interesting
We display the flag at all times, for any and for no reason
We were mostly taught about the Holocaust, and how the war affected Denmark
"Answering a call of nature" means to go to the toilet in English as well
I think they just killed all the vile dogs back in the days
difficult or unpleasant
It was a bestseller because it provided a convenient theory for something very complex.
Football is unique as it’s fan culture historically is so rooted in working class culture not only for entertainment but also as an emotional outlet
Flag of Belarus 1991-1995
> different interpretations of history
Why is it a right shouldn't Swiss nationals have a say in who gets all the rights that a citizenship bestows on you?
Christ, that's expensive even by *our* standards
Honestly can't believe we did that to ourselves
The goverment is throwing everything at getting the job done, including the military
Mary = Maria
I think many people think like you.
Cougar-alert
Unfortunately that night train to Prague is long gone
Before High German was introduced/enforced/suggested all the way to the border one could say there was an unbroken language-continuum between Danish and German
Must have a strong neck
i moved out just before i turned 19
90 is halvfems or halvfemsindstyve meaning "half-five-times-twenty"
(Edit: not true
He makes it out to be like we have this close and intimate relationship with them like we do Sweden and Norway.
I am by no means dismissing it
Why not 35
Greedy Spanish people, could you share a little
Nice try, but we all just hate sweden
Denmark surrendered after a couple of hours of fighting, and a cooperation government was formed that actively urged the Danes to cooperate with the German occupation soldiers
Carps in Denmark are like toys for those who enjoys fishing.
We run around school and throw caramels at the younger kids while we're dressed up in weird costumes
Absolutely, and this is something we need to hold on to.
They have been expensive and there have been a little increase in crime, but other than that, no.
I don't even understand this system, you know nothing about the person, based on what do you say yes or no
And many others
But since it’s only one person I guess peter Madsen, or whoever you s the worst and most despicable criminal in Denmark
Yeah I was about to write "En Tuborg og kanelsnegl" = "A beer and a pastry"
This should be removed from the title
To deny that is to deny literally a thousand years of war, not to mention the current geopolitical tension
High-speed railways on Antarctica, let’s go
On the flip-side, if you aren't quite so ruthless and allow the locals more cultural independence, you get a situation like Spain
What is it you don't understand
But the "bad guys" half is *at least* as heavily armed.
Are you actually implying that health organizations outside of America have a bias because of their financial icentive to sell comics about circumcision
I spend the time listening to podcasts, audiobooks, and the occasional Spotify
PIS just need to stop trying to impose it self so much it doesn't inspire confidence in you're gouverment.
What are you talking about
I only lock the door when everyone is leaving the house, or at night when we go to sleep
You've got the power to know
This is a list of suicide rates in Denmark since 1970 The interesting part is the rates did not drop significantly due to happy pills.
Ketchup for fries
Nutella is still really really good.
I joked about moving to Norway earlier today, it has been 25 degrees all week here
The crusade and destruction of the Wends was described as self defence/revenge and the conquering of Estonia as a righteous and Christian crusade
It would need to be highly automated, like autonomous vehicles and analysis done by AI, but it' within the realm of possibility
I went there once and all they had left were jam and cookies :( And I really, really wanted some twaróg!
When you watch a Hollywood movie, you can almost always be certain it's a good ending.
Like, do you genuinely think of 90 as "Nine tens"? Of course not
I know a bunch of people who have come out of med school, went to Norway for a year or two and come back with what can almost buy a house
In Denmark it is “klar eller ej, her kommer jeg”
Not a good sign
Haha
They have also made three non government agreements with the socialist parties and it looks like the "red" block will gain the majority according to polls.
"Abandon all hope, ye who enter here"
I wonder if it's a Danish thing, or a generational thing
There's several different views on the matter
Expensive as heck, rides are half assed
They also have a scientist looking exactly like Gordon Freeman, the apocalypse could happen there any second
Make some sort of dessert with ananas, oranges, bananas or whatever and I'm fine with it but don't kill my pizza
It can be achieved if we invade India and gain Gandhi's Nuclear bombs.
We (danes) are taught both but have to choose one, that we stick to
But it seems it was more of a castletown
> too hard
in danish some words are spelled the exact same way but have different meanings, like dør(door) and dør(dying)
I mean why does it matter to you?
Seems like such a nice place
You guys have so much fun at birthdays
Automatics are a luxury
i'd say, for me, here in Denmark
The French use the base-20 system (4x20 2 = 82), that's archaic and awkward, let's do that too
It was traditionally the amount of farmland that you could sow with 1 barrel of seeds
If only Greece and Denmark could exchange places with us keeping our economy.
Are you willing to bet money on that?
The bridge can't be taller than our tallest mountain if we have no mountains.
Other things are more universal, though media is referenced more than books
At this point I don't get why we're building hubble telescopes
He sounds like a drunk Dane lmao
We haven't had snow for like 10 years, how are we supposed to practise
> So how come it's the Swedish chef and not Danish chef on the muppets of the Danes have the weird language
Or perhaps Kolding
That's a lot, compared to chicken
The current Danish population descends from Oostvaardersplassen
You gave that up leaving the EU.
I also had a cowboy hat and gun to wear.
I mean
>Additionally, feminism is still a dirty word in Denmark as it's been cherry-picked and warped to be either an extreme form of misandry or an excuse for some women to make sexism work for them, instead of trying to eliminate the sexist frameworks in the first place
000 = 1 million
These maps and charts have without fail used the 2011 numbers for many years
This always amazes me
but it can get more confusing ...
Tsk and people really believe in global *warming* ^^^^/s
For more "grown-up" parties I think it's expected that the host provide most but guests will bring a bottle or two which will more likely be shared
Here's another "super advanced" window from the Danish company Velux: [This Window Transforms Into A Balcony with The Touch of A Button]
* Hørmested (Hørm means to smell bad/foul, sted means place
We're not even electrified yet, and electrification is over budget and over time, because we're using an experimental system
He's not historical, though
Romania: [NO
Something everyone should aspire to be.
What is the great lobby in the Netherlands shutting down secular/atheist events or diminishing their rights
>Lovforslaget har endelig til formål at fastsætte ordningen for beslutningen og gennemførelse af en beslutning om Grønlands selvstændighed
Æbleskiver, definitely
Not that head-cutting ISIL has great diplomacy.
Armenia is in Asia/Middle-East
I don't know the numbers for Denmark but media has covered it more than once going back more than a decade, before mobile phones and digital cameras became widespread
It's such a huge problem that it's even part of our official teaching material - included in small texts they read, or lessons dedicated to learning how to ask Danish people to please speak to them in Danish
Let it at least be rebuilt
Like making noise and partying in a vehicle when to celebrate that you’ve graduated is pretty expected - minus the vehicle, but party buses exist in multiple countries
I know other people who do, and some who don't, I don't think it's that common
This is pretty interesting, do you have any source?
Because it seems you have a mix of "shit", "satan" & "crap".
Obviously Iceland, any countryy coming up with [Hákarl] deserves that title.
There's hardly any traffic at all on that road, those cars are just for the people that live there
Danes only eat it at Xmas - Icelanders eat it all year  Personally I like a good rice pudding (but having it at Xmas is enough)
> USA number one
You didn't. Perhaps you think you did, but then it wouldn't be hard to find it, would it
In order to understand many of today's international problems and conflicts you need to understand the culture and cause
My class went to Berlin and visited a concentration camp, and also the Jewish monument next to Brandenburger Tor
English is a Germanic language, such as our own
It’s that weird going up one octav norwegians do at the end of a sentence, makes it hard to focus on wtf they’re saying
It's based on buttermilk and contains egg
It snowed enough for you to go skiing
Makes no sense
I'd say Danes typically operate with two different meanings of "middle of nowhere". Most of the time it really means "far from anything of note", and you could be surrounded by farms and it'd still be called *midden af ingenting*. That said, there are some places which are truly desolate
And if I remember correctly, she at first tried to play the pity card, then tried to play the "I was just showing you what was wrong
Here they say that the World's GDP will be 267,676,800 million USD
That's the thing about Turing, he wasn't just a great mathematician, he really was one of the greatest minds and thinkers that ever were, and had a better understanding of what a mind really is or rather isn't, than many have even today.
That's my point
Eesti is adorable, but don't tell her that.
I had no idea Swiss German was *that* different from German German.
Wait, I wasn't the only one who was triggered by the blatant  Danish/Norwegian conflation
Place of birth
I'm doing the same
Do not EVER threaten a Finn with a sauna challenge!
70 - halvfjerds or halvfjerdsindstyve
The reason you're being downvoted is because the US and Europe generally speaking have two different definitions of free speech and you're coming here basically saying that your definition is inherently better than ours and that ours don't belong in "socially advanced countries".
Danish numbers are notorious for sounding strange as they shift from a 10 base to a 20 base similar to French numbers
Never heard of that
I like this lol
No, I am super smart
"*Are you going to the lands of Plague Rats this summer
Cake
I used to have dreams about moving, sort of "Grass is always greener" type stuff but the more I've learned about Denmark and about other places, the more I've come to realize that I really prefer living here
Unlike the UK or the Netherlands, Denmark's possessions are not *legally* their own countries, although they are treated as such
Just as long as EU forces has nothing to do with that.
If you don’t want to adopt German culture, you don’t get to be a German citizen
I guess we better prepare for all "Oh, we didn't know!" horseshit from Ikea (not really sure why they're singled out when they also say "And other companies." lol), BRING etc.
Our culture is simply so extremely different.
The same could be said of female circumcision yet we still made that illegal
Generally, the richest are Moscow and St
Denne gang var fannikkerne parat, og de frygtede andre købere - bl
This year I want to share a Danish Christmas Carol
It is going to look incomplete, once they take the cranes down
Nope
Halfdan - legendary Viking king who was father to Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye, who was father to Hardeknud, who was father to Gorm, the first (verified) king of Denmark (ca
What with the social democrats not repealing the right-wings tightened asylum and refugee policies
Okay, but was it on tv
Curry Mallet
The least corrupt in the world
It's a class struggle really
Wild deer wander in to our yard at the summer house, which is close to a forest
I wouldn't say i'm ashamed but Copenhagen
And both kitchens know their cabbage and pickling :D :D :D
We don't talk about this movie
Even the actions of the conquistadors are childsplay compared to him
That's super late, here we eat dinner around 6pm
Russia- I dont understand Russia
I know this is a typical comment from a Dane, but here in the cities distances are not a problem, so i load them on my cargo bike and bike with it
On our way back we were driving through Germany and stopped in a small town diner and ordered the best you can get, wienerschnitzel with mushroom gravy
If we accept that 'the latter is more constructive in terms of understanding politics', we effectively concede the playing field
Har du nu også fået gylle i ørerne eller hvad
Snails are f***** in the window at the baker
I've felt it twice, once it was so hard we had to slow down because the road was so terrible
Being forced to listen to them during every family get-together is bad enough.
The amount of times I've had both friends and strangers tell me they were surprised I wasn't violent, aggressive, a slut, poor, unintelligent, uncultured
Or not a seal at all, but one of Santa's oppressed disguised reindeer on the run fleeing from the cruel Christmas dictator and his ho ho hoes
That’s the type of spelling we’d use to indicate that someone is stupid and can’t spell lol
This has resulted in neither of these things
I’m sure Denmark isn’t the only country that has changed over the past few years, and we’re probably not the ones it has the worst effects on, but people will look at how it has become visibly hotter and still refuse to believe in climate change all because there are profits in oil
Yes citizenship gives you many rights and privileges that's a huge reason to be restrictive about who gets it.
Could probably have done with atleast a cartoon filter on the outside picture but otherwise it looks great
Not to mention the maze-like stations without any safety measures towards the rails
If the EU goes after British services in whatever deal comes next it might shift a few financial jobs.
Corona handling might be the least important of these factors imo
You just made an enemy for life
§19 som der henvises til siger eksempelvis at det er Kongen, der bestemmer på udenrigsområdet
hmmm
Huh, it's not every day you learn something new.
So, using your own example of Rome, how do you think the above would have sounded to a Gaul
Examples like: "what fatter gør er altid det rigtige" ("what dad does is always right" though now said more as a joke), "en fjer bliver til fem høns" ("one feather becomes five hens") and "at rejse er at leve" ("to travel is to live"), comes to mind
Får får får! = Sheep give birth to sheep
From a danish wiew, Sweden bad, Norway fine
In towns the water can be a bit
Nobody can predict how the global markets interpret such a move, of course.
Kunstig (Danish) = artificial
CCTV however is impossible to ignore as you to go outside all the time.
> only Swiss YouTuber I know
Altså han er en idiot
Kebab pizza is probably the most popular one in Denmark too
I have always thought is was firben (lizard) in Danish, which means fourlegs
The tipping thing does vary from country to country though, so it is worth checking up on for each country you visit.
From what I hear and read, 'liberal' means exactly the same here as there
**Read the article, or at the very least the headline, before asking such basic questions
People speak of *Rigsfællesskabet*, "The unity of the Realm", and act as if there exists a Realm of Denmark which includes Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Denmark proper
I am 99% happy, our legal system are one of the best in the world with regards to rehabilitation, so it works.
Someone needs to stand for these people and help them, otherwise things are going to get worse
As it was a given that English was an official language of the EU...
I forgot to mention, he had his ashes scattred in the sound.
Are government doctors even allowed to prescribe psudoscience medicine?
They always make up all these equations which don't make any sense.
They somehow managed to draw the cat so that it looked finnish as well
Anyone got a good documentary on IRA
If you want to be butthurt, could you please go somewhere else?
If all they got out of Brexit and Trump is this, they're in real trouble.
Southern and mid - Sjællændere are more reserved in my experience, though Jutes are very nice people
The classic one for me is that Denmark is the capital of Sweden
But between Denmark and Sweden, the territorial dispute lasted for hundreds of years, with the border moving back and forth all the time.
When I was 7 or 8 I started learning it in school, I believe you start learning it at 5 years old now though
Hvis bare du havde vidst hvad for en ugudelig straf din lille ”smarte” kommentar ville bringe ned over hovedet på dig, så havde du måske holdt din fucking kæft
It sucks big time, especially when there is no snow
That's how you know it's a good game
Who championed the "Internation Style"
Er faktisk lidt nysgerrig
All in all that's a story in itself, but what really made it stand out was the fact that the same person who had initially tested my luggage when flying into London was the same person who tested it when flying out again some days later
So there is a huge commuter effect
This is magnificent
Usually 10x the recommended
You cultureless Swine
Whites are more bland and less distinct to my eyes.
Never seen a fish & chips joint, I think
It's pretty well documented too.
I use the sub myself, and I would never consider it the end-all-be-all for what people outside that sub thinks about anything
I think I was 5
The University of Copenhagen is ranked as the highest in Denmark according to:
It was full of awful stereotypes and 2-dimensional characters
WE are lovin' it
I went without any income for 1,5mo because of the runaround they gave me with my proof of residence and previous work in Denmark before applying.
Then the company I worked for was bought by a Norwegian company and I started talking a lot with them
It’s to the point where even Danes are being raised with the “Germanic languages are ugly, Romance languages are pretty” beauty standards
I would be fine with soros here
Is there a link to a news source
I would properly say no to this
No, it's not
The Mærsk family has spread out it money in such a way that no one really knows how much money they have.
Well..Im not gonna follow my path to the letter, its just a line between places i wanna go :D
No one may be deprived of his or her possessions, except in the public interest and in the cases and under the conditions provided for by law, subject to fair compensation being paid in good time for their loss
Oh sweet summer child
It is an absolute joy to be a part of, and I am sure the other moderators feel the same way
I thought that was something people did 150 years ago in rural areas.
I have several
Agreed, it's at least over half of the people I know as well...
Just like Americans identifying as something that their ancestors were does not make them that
Our last Prime Minister were asked about the then new tax regulations, and said: "We've chosen to create a system where you will deliver a little more less, than before, that's our choice, and that leads to them, who earns most, and earns most, and now delivers a little more less
I was the opposite
As a man I sometimes use the women's restroom simply because the line is sometimes shorter, also they tend to be cleaner
Actually last year or was it 2 years ago, Facebook opened a new data center in Odense Denmark so would that be for  nothing if they stop operating
It was a Danish news outlet in the summer, shortly after the coup attempt.
Even Dansk Folkeparti (danish people's party) are only softly eurosceptic.
We had 2x2 lessons per week, one of the days dedicated to English monarchs and one to WW2
Sure
Especially when the numbers speak for themselves
Time for a ~~conquest~~ friendly endeavour in jolly cooperation
Yeah - big conumdrum
We also likely have higher taxes and cost of living compared to Belgium
Which, yeah, isn't exactly a base with a good reputation
You nailed it
So it's five plus one-half less than three times twenty
Hardeknud was son of Knud the great ruler of Denmark and England
So I think that might not have helped her case
Once I correctly read a few sentences in Swedish without realising it, so that's enough to convince me that the languages are really similar
Well the average Dane also have around 2 pigs ;-o
I can't believe it
Well then it isn't the same as US senate, not saying it should tho.
I must confess ignorance regarding one volume histories of Denmark in Danish.
How is this legal
Everyone expects the statue to be some ancient, huge statue carved in a mountain or something
Where can i see who voted how
I'm not sure, but liberal in Danish means conservative party (Republican)
Just breathing feels weird
Eating kebab/shawama
Danish banknotes all feature bridges on them :)
As long as humans are greedy, demand will cause supply
I was so hoping there would be a German replying this question with exactly this type of answer
Nederlandene would probably be correct to use but on the maps it’s literally holland
I'd enjoy a bit more variation in shape, but honestly I find the new lines quite aesthetically pleasing
As in Newcastle upon Tyne
We got almost 2800 responses, which is more than 200 responses more than last year
The 4th is remembering the soliders who fell, the 5th is the actual liberation day
Its kind of like one of your  friends having a major birthday and everyone is happy for them and sends a congratulatory card
And even if there is no will to develop more hydro it makes sense to develop wind in Northern Norway as there is a lot of complimentarity between the weather up there and in the North Sea area where most European wind generation will be situated in the future
You have health insurance, I assume, since it's legally mandated as a international student in France?
One of the most corrupt nations in the EU accusing the least corrupt of corruption.
I just wish they'd send a calendar invitation along, so I wouldn't have to type it in myself, but that's just me being lazy
I've had comments like "Oh, that's in Amsterdam, right?" and even "Oh, Canadian!" once.
Look, it was pretty stupid of us to get into a war with Prussia in the first place
It works because of the collective intelligence of people
So many shitposts in the worldnews thread "hurr better outlaw cars now huh hurr durr".
Is there a reference I’m missing here
As far as i know there are no first or surnames that can tell where someone is from in Denmark
þ became th in english, d og th in scandinavian languages, d in german
I don't feel strongly about it either way.
Norway is apparently poor according to them
Record for the most wars fought between Two countries: Denmark and Sweden
* Norwegian: 99 % (written Norwegian is essentially just Danish where the words are spelled closer to their pronunciation, though there may be a word here and there that differs from Danish)
"Are you coming to the party
Waves may spash as high as two meters up the walls [...]
But is it though
Saying you don't tolerate intolerance is just empty word-games
As you well know, Eesti cannot into Nordic.
What did you think the bell was for
Got a good (free) education, good job and more than sufficient income
I like Italian wine best
Long story short, I paid my friend half of the expenses for recovering a Jäger Meister someone took from him just because they didn't take my booze, which obviously wasn't his fault
There was a Guardian article recently where Denmark came out as the least feminist nation in the world because it had the least self-identifying feminists
Thank you
The American election this year was a very special one though.
This was then reported as us stealing all the jewelry of the refugees
I don't really know about the other monarchies, but I would assume it is the same, after all the monarch is supposed to get their divine right to rule from god or something.
I find it quite amusing
Norweigian text was literally the same as Danish until some time in the last century
I don't know, that's just an idea I had.
Klap lige Hesten (pet the horse) which means come on
Otherwise, proper dark rye bread is all but impossible to find outside of Denmark
" is great
> Does someone say pesh instead of pest
And cheese
Some students elect not to have it, because maybe they aren't at Uni very often, or in general, don't use public transport
Stop acting like they were the victims here
At best they're going to see my boobs and not care about it, at worst they are going to see my boobs and get offended/excited by it
To not earn more for a fear of taxation is therefore stupid.
too, but farbror's wife would be an aunt, and faster's husband would be an uncle.
at tage en kold tyrker (taking a cold turk), quitting something abruptly instead of over a long time, like instead of using nicotine gum to quit smoking you just stop smoking
It's like when you are writing something and you reach the edge of the paper so you gotta bend what you are writing it a bit downwards
Short, minor strikes do happen with more frequency though, typically as a negotiation tactic by unions during collective bargaining.
Funny
No, but modern anti-Semitism largely exists because of hate towards Israel.
Just because Margrethe is the queen, it doesn’t mean she can’t smoke whilst drinking a juice box and eat some bread
We actually only just got ours like within the last 10 years so it's not much of an achievement
The only consonant sound is N.
You mean danegeld
When you get out of class at 11:15 and start drinking right after, then it's not that early
It’s extremely varying what people do on the 23th
000 a year, which you do at 43
It's edited into my previous comment now
The government decided to deny any guilt and that was pretty much the end of that "renewed" relationship
English is so prevalent in society that you can't help being a little familiar with English before actual English classes
Plus there's really no evidence that the German men actually died on the bridge at all
Yeah, over time ours have turned into [actual heart shapes though] but they're still meant to represent waterlilies.
[She has consistently polled around 25 per cent from day one] - never dropping or rising significantly.
" - John Cleese
That's some scary elevation right there
My Spanish teacher is Chilean and they’re apparently hard to understand for other Spanish speakers
The difference between a swedish road and the road of a civilized country
When I write pro-labour, I'm not talking about welfare-policies or rights or anything like that, I am talking in sociological and ideoligical terms, as I have been from the beginning, and have been very clear about from the get-go
I think Scandinavia (or even the Nordic countries) is perhaps the only European region with a real shot of political unification
And they've made a huge proportion of the population stand up and be goddamn heroes helping people in need.
The international media disagreed, and a lot of international news outlets showed up to something that essentially wasn’t news
In many other countries it seems like three times a week is not uncommon
> I am saying that in the broadest meaning of the word 'liberalism' I am opposed to that certain ideological direction
com did a survey about Danish dialects some years ago where they asked Danes about the most beautiful dialect, the ugliest dialect and the dialect that's easiest to understand
That entire "documentary" was a huge joke, intended to make fun of North Korea, while in North Korea
There's so many issues facing nuclear power that makes it just about the worst solution we could choose to transition away from fossil fuels
Edit: [Pic for anyone interested]
Romania: [NO
Tokyo, Kawaguchi, Matsumoto, Kanazawa, Kyoto, Osaka, Hiroshima, Nagasaka, Nara
this doesnt look too bad either
Yup, I have three of them
Break -> Ødelægge -> Øde (Waste/Empty) & lægge (lay)
I don't want to believe we are alone because if we're the best the universe can come up with I'll feel really sad
But the people in power who actually have to trigger the process find it morally reprehensive.
The West could easily have removed Assad if it had intervened like it did in Libya
Probably Sweden since we’ve had so much history together
We got our bootleg Hitler, Rasmus Paludan
This difference has gotten me into an awkward situation in Norway
We also saw the US getting fucked and using random chemicals when we stopped exporting the drugs they used to execute inmates.
It was at the height of the migrant crisis and groups of migrants were quite literally wandering on the highways
This may all be well and true, and thanks for the explanation, but it doesn't make it any less of an error :)
On the one hand, we have people pronouncing it on-s-dag (with a similar O sound to Odin) and on the other hand we have people pronouncing it ond-s-dag (with a similar O sound to evil)
- Faroese/Icelandic are similar, so have a head-start there
Yea usually cheer for Iceland, Norway and Finland
If I had an attractive job offer in a safe area I might consider moving as a single adult
Though most articles are just plain more informative in English
But i would only wanna live there if i had a good well paying job + health care insurance
&#x200B;
and the taste is way too similar IMO, for the price difference to be that big
Well I know that I don’t have the knowledge of croat, on this topic
I didn't vote for the current government and they will sit there for at least 3 more years until we find out if people liked their handling of the crisis or not at the voting booth
There are only The major Lines there
It all adds up to around 30 wars since the 15th century
I honestly don't think a draft will be necessary.
He could have chosen to sing it in Swahili if Latvijas Televīzija agreed to it
&#x200B;
It's corporations doing this shit.
Copenhagen was made capital when southern Sweden was part of Denmark, back the Copenhagen would have been close to the center
There's not a single communist country in the euro zone...and socialism is not the same as communism
Several of them are believed to be based on actual historical figures
Yeah, if we could all just stop hurting kids because of a thousands year old fairy tale, that’d be great
No because all of those are private enterprises netting very little benefit to the general public and our coalition government is actively neglecting our welfare services, if they aren't further slashing its budget that is ;(
Well yes culture is something fluent and very difficult to define.
Grandfather on mothers side never said much about it but on his chest was to big knife scars from a run in with Gestapo
Only on Fyn
Thought that was agar
Yeah, but in the south good food is life or death
I would like to visit one day :)
Thanks but no thanks
She said she would even tell "bye" when she exited the bus from the back
I like the first idea better
18-19
What are all the spanish doing in Romania?
Greece’s economy is thoroughly fucked all throughout the whole country
I don’t really feel like it counts because it’s literally a children’s song
I agree
I feel this one
&#x200B;
Mind you, I'd say well over half of the expats I dealt with was from UK, Germany, and France (mostly Germany, mind you), so people do move out from those countries
Do you have a link to better ones?
Guys, my thighs are stuck together forever now, and the crowded pools have created traumas for me
I once saw a Russian car, but I've never seen anything from outside of Europe
There used to be these ads run here, where they went to the US and talked about general facts-of-life stuff
~~france~~
Rikke: E sounds like Ø and I sound like A
The slight dip EU would take from freezing out britain is nothing compared to the absolute devastation britain would experience.
Gunnuts arguing that their amount of easily accessible guns has nothing to do with homicide rates or school shootings
Forgot
It IS possible
I can switch back and forth pretty easy
Britta Nielsen
First intensify the development of alternatives to oil.
Absolute primodickature
I love Bornholm a lot, but it's surprisingly different from the rest of Denmark
Most games aren't translated into Danish anyway but even if they were I'd still choose English since it just makes it easier to talk about the games online, to play with other nationalities in multiplayer and to avoid potentially shitty translations
Denmark and Sweden should just make a joint bid for it.
The post did say "in your native language", so I did.
Not a neo-nazi, but an old fashioned nazi: A former SS soldier, who still thought he fought a just fight.
Compared to everything else that might kill me, terrorism isn't anywhere near the top of the list.
If they would fuck off to India we would all be happy to be honest.
Ehh, I lived with two guys from Als, when I was doing my military service, and I'd say the dialect is still very much alive.
I mean, a cyber-invasion cost a total of 10 billion dollars of damages because of a hole in a windows protocol that then got fixed in the update afterwards
fucking french bastard
Cars - Fiat, Lancia, Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini
> /u/Ap97567 a bit of background: he isn't introduced as such but Johan Norberg is considered somewhat of a liberal extremist in Sweden and has for a long time been employed by the Swedish industrialist union
You misspelled inferior
Could be wrong though
With so many people gathered in close proximity
You can only buy them in Denmark.
The Bible isn't the word of God, it is the word of man
I dont like the total ban at all, but this is completely up to the poles
It’s the same here
"Han er *jo* en idiot"
When the first happiest nations survey began in the early 1970's Denmark topped the list, and it has dominated the top consistently since.
If a guest rings the bell it means they want to buy a round for everyone in the bar/pub
Things like “bad” weather, apparently hard to make friends (have not lived anywhere else to compare), apparent “conformity-culture” (I live in a big city, whereas most of Scandinavia is very rural, I think this might play a role), not having any truly big cities with the biggest one being around 1-2 million - I’ve heard these from others but they don’t really bother me personally
We have 200
Finland: 101 euro per capita
I never forget that it is the 11th of November because of some stupid joke in Danish about a baker's birthday and the resemblance of the date sounding like kneading dough (long story).
I'm going to Wagrain on Friday, seems like we have some snow to look forward to
GHASP
Taking on China, Mexico AND not having the EU to back you up at the same time.
If the checkup reveals issues, you will have to schedule an additional visit
> Aksel, Ilmari (maybe)
Ideological terms do not change meaning like that
They should by geography be -1 instead they are in 0 along with UK
1016-1035 King of England
Yes and i think its stupid and will only divide your country.
I would say more like the UK of Asia
I would certainly be opposed to it affecting politics, but that quite simply doesn't happen in my country, so it's not really a concern.
/r/Oxymoron
99% of all Danes cannot name a single judge because they're rarely discussed
The number of children is growing because of the family reunification process.
It's not like it's a "mild" tasting fruit after all
Examples I'm bitter about, was to lower the price of tickets for the transport system (it's ridiculously expensive if you ride long distances on the S-train and you might as well get a car if you aren't going into the city).
Which is to screw other EU nations out of taxes.
I’d imagine Copenhagen was named after the Baltic Sea because it functioned as a gate to get in and out
I do not want a joint military, where the danish people have nothing to say if we go to war or not.
Of course if you’re not from Copenhagen, you might think it’s a bit different from the rest of the country given its sheer size
I've had a busy week, and I need a day off.
Nice bait but ill bite
I binged the shit out of it and the recommended it to all my friends, haha
Swedish is still pretty hard if they don't slow down
War with singing, and beers, and funny hats
If it's close friends you get/give a hug instead - regardless of gender
[Oh yeah you’re socialist, right
Absolutely unnecessary
It's a residential building, not a hospital or anything, which would at least have made it's looks slightly more justified
Also if you are poor and receive benefits, the state pays all expenses up untill 10000 dkk per treatment
I've had to stop myself from humming it in public a couple of times
If you were a politician I don't think there's any mainstream party that would have someone with your views if I'm being honest.
My account is from December, at least learn how to check if that’s  your tactic
That's a good one as well, and I enjoy refreshing my German language skills (or lack thereof)
Thanks for making me Turk lol :p I’ve never assumed that people on reddit have a power to change people’s identity
Not to my knowledge, I was quite surprised when I was quite surprised when I learned about it a few years ago
BIER
Even the area I stayed in which was far from the centre (IJBurg) was well planned and thought out for pedestrians/cyclists
Highways are also free for everyone in Denmark despite being a transport corridor between Europe and the North
But I do feel grateful when i hear stories about hurricanes, earthquakes and tsunamis, that we don't get that stuff here
> Currently, internet companies have little incentive to sign fair licensing agreements with rights holders, because they are not considered liable for the content that their users upload
and if i lived there, i'd spend most of my time trying to move out
And again, it's his and Latvijas Televīzija own choice
In fucking England
[Sebastian] [Skousen & Ingemann] were heavily inspired by American rock and folk for instance
But yeah there very clearly is a much lower standard of living when compared to the west, and if you go there you'll see it immediately.
> But from my perspective with this action he can be sure to be on list of high priority targets
To me, we've been leaking for centuries.
No matter what, the danish being spoken now, won't be spoken in 200 years anyways
Usually because "they're ugly" and "they don't fit visually into the skyline of our city with all its old buildings".
<ZXCVBNM,.-
Niels Bohr
Why do Sweden always get credit for this
Politicians like Sanders and Ocasio-Cortez, and their supporters, frame socialism (in a vulgar way) here as _merely_ the progress of class struggle, such as in the fight for unionisation, higher wages, lower hours, etc
This day the military calls "Day of defense" and in the last decade all young females also gets a letter inviting them to participate.
If you have any questions pleese ask.
If there were one on Mediterranean countries would you demand Finland to be included too
Print currency which will devaluate the currency and cause moderate inflation
The only reason why Europe wants _any_ Transcaucasia nation in the EU is so they A) Don't align with Russia and B) Oil/Gas pipelines
So are a lot of the Balkan states like Slovenia and Croatia.
The moment you try in the native, they'll simply reply in English
Unfortunately many are dialects are dying out as the young people tend to converge and sound like they do in capital region
50 to 60 minutes by bus to University, to work 10 to 15 minutes by cycle
I know very little about any of them, but I get the impression that most of them work as tax havens for the 1% of Europe
yes
I have absolutely no faith in the US after they elected Trump
Even the Norwegians and Swedes can agree on this
As a Dane, I can only say ...
Heck you don't even need to look good, just show them how much you have inside your wallet and they'll fall all over you.
I think ultimately they're afraid of closer European corporations and integration
Now that's just sad
My dad (who is 82) can't really speak the dialect anymore, only a few odd words
I’ve caught people in a few instances, but they’re instantly embarassed
Danish isn't that hard to learn, people say like some kind of mythical old timie language
I guess I shouldn't be surprised
I came to appreciate how blunt and visceral Danish is when I lived abroad and spoke English as my main language for nearly four years
I'm pretty sure you also have a specific shortage of doctors, at least from anecdotal evidence.
The waste incineration is not counted as renewable
So if it is incentive that is the key driver, would you then say as soon as a large enough group of people start doing something to their children, we should legalise it so they can do it safely
The only mistake of the Stockholm Bloodbath was that the Danish and Norwegian nobility should have been executed, too
Now I remember why I don't participate in this sub]
Of course we have certain things in common but there's some big obstacles that would have to be worked out before a union could become a reality.
The issue is the various agreements regarding human rights, refugee rights etc.
They were some of the only western movies allowed during the communist era
For the last time Greenland ISNT for sale
I’m pretty sure they have one more than us
I think the bicycle helmet laws are silly.
So, it's not that bad
You mean signal
Or if I’m already a policeman in Lille, can I be reassigned to Marseille?
Indeed, which is why it is weird Christians mark it as "Christian values".
We just say here I come
The people from South Denmark, sønderjyder, are impossible to understand
Which is the company's birthday
It's more that you abruptly stop doing something, I'd say
[Example 2]
It's spelled Tjekkiet/Tsjekkia/Tjeckien in Dk/No/Sv.
If the winter had been just a bit colder, they would have walked across the ice like white walkers and burned down Copenhagen
>Salmonellosis is the second most commonly reported gastrointestinal infection and an important cause
In Japan you can get a decent meal for what gets you a hot dog at a gas station here
No cell service, no obligations, and practically no people
I would like a bit of european patriotism.
I mean, we would get 16 times more landmass than we currently have.
The state of Denmark's highest point is Gunnbjørns Fjeld on Greenland, which is 3,694 m.
I have no idea what's going on here?
You're absolutely free to keep your kids at home and teach them whatever you chose, but don't expect society to pay you for it
Kerteminde
I think which things you reference, depends on what type you are
From what I've seen in Southern Zealand, Denmark, it is at most 3-4 for women, and 80% for overweight men
Currently we are focusing on the failed state of terrorist Germany.
It's pretty emblematic of the EU's utter failure to actually solve the problems it's faced with.
> London is also barely representative of England and feels like a foreign country at times
My blood pressure just spiked
We do have ghetto areas like [this] but I think [new buildings] are the worst
I am propably in the fringe of this.
Nagasaki
Yes, it's the magic words
And thank you for the whisky
most couldnt tell you what new countries are in/out of the union unless they've just been there on vacation.
I'm not aware
The fun thing is, there are so many die-hard Englishmen on Reddit who will do as you and defend their position in this case, and wish to protect their territory.
Do you know where it sails next
Come on, man
Here we make huge pine tree plantations, because of our Christmas trees
There are plenty of places that are more exciting, but Copenhagen is just and incredible city to live in
There's your problem in a nutshell.
The EU will never have a constitution if it's not authorized by the member states, and the French and Dutch voters clearly said no.
It should eventually pay off, given how much faster eastern European economies are growing, compared to ours
A lot of busses have recently introduced entering and exiting from all doors (just let the people getting out through first, god damn
Libertarianism is rarely if ever used.
well go far enough back in time to see all the times we conquered you
Our comma was botched completely when the slight modernization that was attempted caused a backlash so now we have two official commas: one archaic and comma heavy, and one slightly less so
The norweigians might not see ud as THE closest but we are close
It's not something that has happened before.
Food is not great either
” in Danish
That's still an argument for not letting more in if their children turn dangerous.
[we give students a sailor cap and let them drive around drunk everywhere in decorated military vehicles]
If you're going on another bus or train, you don't check out, you just check in  on the other bus (so the system knows you have changed bus)
Altså nu er min far skolelærer (dog i specialklasse, men alment uddannet som dansk og historie lærer - de samme to fag jeg selv læste på uni sjovt nok) og han var i hvert fald 100% dygtigere til dansk end jeg var i 3
Hmm, idk
The older generations especially seem hung up on the details
if a person has only visited Copenhagen as they'll mention things that simply aren't true for most the country.
Every time we've gone to a foreign country it seems like they use bottled water for the most part
and this
Particularly worrying for them is the perceived replacement through open borders and EU's refugee quotas of their perceived "cousins" - the indigenous Europeans, with people from Africa and Asia, predominantly of Muslim religious affiliation.
5 euro per capita
Why is that editor of the other newspaper giving out contact information?
The National Bank has been warning about Unemployment being to low for some sectors for a while now, and is politely asking the political system to address the situation.
Danes will complain about anything while at the same time keep saying they think life is good
You mention extreme sizes yourself, and I can only agree
I've yet to see these in other countries
Just look on street view and see how many people are walking on the sidewalks.
Sweden, Norway, Germany, England/Great Britain, then probably Iceland
Speaking from a country that has tried that particular situation I can inform it took 21 years and the hardship of that time period influenced debt and borrowing policies for 130 years after that
Plus some towns in region Zealand, like Nakskov, have been hit hard by de-industrialisation
We can generally tell just by "what sounds right". In some cases, with new additions to the language mostly, there will be some disagreement about what should be the correct article, but overall we just know by "instinct".
86 children below the age of 12 were killed (many below 5 years old, as the school, was also a daycare for toddlers), as well as 40 adults (most of the nuns working at the school)
So no, I don't get mocked for it
Lene Nystrøm er sgu da pæredansk nu, lol
It's good to have a visual overview of what's taken and what's not.
Thanks for explaining
Before any angry replies, calm down, just a bit of banter.
Copenhagen
Another example could be for insurance
* Chiropractors
I do agree they are a more trustworthy source
Well, here parents are more disgusted with people who hit their kids, than with teenagers having sex
First Germany then America
Currently looking at furniture and decorations
Exactly the same here
Everyone has the right to own, use, dispose of and bequeath his or her lawfully acquired possessions
In Denmark all the things you mention are illegal.
I believe that's the conservative number - we apparently have a lot more peace settlements than 13, indicating that we've had more wars
Huh
Danish one is frokost
and "fancy clothes":
Norwegian resistance was absolutely brutal, second only to the Finnish
Fårup and Djurs Sommerland are both pretty good
Heating with oil has been one of the most common but other methods like air pumps, air to water pumps and geothermal heating are getting more and more common
Oh don’t worry we have a lot of jokes about you too
an example is in our national anthem: part of it compares the king at the time (frederik the 6th) to a fictional hero of peace, but in reality his time of reign was full of some of Denmarks worst catastrophes (the english wars, state bankruptcy, the loss of Norway)
DF is in the same parliamentary group in the European Parliament as Ukip and some other very sketchy parties.
They knew fucking well that England was there
Yeah, it's them, I seached scandinavia and baltic and the word I was looking for was baltoscandia, aparently
Helle Thorning was just as spineless, that's what sucks about being such a small country.
I have never been there myself, but I while I can't say anything bad about Canada, I must admit I also struggle to remember anything else than maple syrup when thinking about canadian products
Cuba, North Korea, Vietnam and Laos isn't even top 10
Norwegians understand Swedish with ease and Danish with a little less ease
It took about 4 of the 5 years to get good enough to have people tolorate my danish enough to have a convorsation with me
we don't really fight much up here
They are, in my opinion, necessary.
I thought you said tortilla
I thought they were fewer than us
We don't need anything more than a trade union
**How in f*cks name did he kajak 5400 km straight on open sea, on his own
I think it’s a huge problem we generally don’t trust our politicians, as it leads to more incompetent people in politics through extremist parties
Here you can hear the numbers
Obviously
Which is my point
* Frederik -> Frede
I think it is, which is what I also wrote in my post.
Agreed, I also don't think that people look through windows in Denmark, it's kinda against our unwritten rules
"Du hørte *vel* om statsministeren
Then they changed the rules, and you had to pay if you had an internet connection as well, since you could access the public radio/tv station through that as well
Here they are [
Socialism is the theory of class struggle
In a few years the cars will not have drivers anymore.
Does Germany not still own Greece WWII reparations
I'm sure there's always been some that never enjoyed that but apparently in the recent decade or so more and more students skip gym class or just change clothes without showering
The great Danelaw clearly knew what to do, we were obviously benevolent
To be perfectly honest, BA was only on the returning flight as the LHR-LAX one was operated by American Airlines
Do you think the SPD can break this trend in September?
(There are pretty strong arguments both ways) But it'd be a colossal admission of failure for the EU.
I don't know why my phone didn't correct that . That being said I feel like irritated and unsatisfied doesn't really fit
Most marsupial names in Danish are just the name of a completely unrelated placental animal with "pung-" in front ("pung" means pouch in this context)
We vacation a lot, but usually within the US
Now you get why we're pissed
you know, there are very few actual racists in Denmark.
It's just that the statue is uninteresting
I've worked with a couple of people from the balkans (originally refugees, now danish citizens), and judging by what they've told about balkan nationalism, holy shit there seems to be some issues to work out
Frank Jensen, Morten Østergaard and Mads Danielsen
I started learning english by watching videos
Instead, even being a carpenter today is a semi-academic education
Since most of Greenland is Ice and mountainsides(Fjell), there are very few places to make an airport.
Cities tend to be much less car-friendly, and there's fairly good public transportation between cities and between countries, so renting a car for the duration might be more trouble than it's worth.
Ay look, it's the separation effect
[Why do we still show the face of suspects?]
I can see this, but the other comment now says "apparently this wasn't very relevant" like it says when you delete the comment.
Yeah :)
Formålet med loven var at formalisere vejen til Grønlands selvstændighed og blev indgået med det eksplicitte krav fra grønlandsk side at det var Grønland ikke Danmark, der kunne beslutte sig for eller imod selvstændighed
You needed to conquer as much land as possible to make room for playing scrabble, right?
Service = Sørvis
Dit dansk er nydeligt, fortsæt det gode arbejde
&#x200B;
Getting made fun of sounds pretty harsh, but I can completely imagine the bus driver's face
Friendliness from Bali
Its almost the opposite
4 meters at Vaalserberg
The Angles and Saxons of northwestern Germany did it.
Come to Denmark and watch tourists if you want to see people being confused.
Cars are still allowed into the city of course (there are several important roads for the throughput of busses and cars), but the city is focused around being most accessible to pedestrians/cyclists
I think we all know the kinda comments to this post
I sometimes say english words with a danish pronounsiation and that is actually getting quite common with the youth in Denmark
Our protests against Mette Frederiksen were more impressive lol
There is this statue in Helsingør. It’s a statue of Holger Danske
The germans of today are friendly, funny and very kind
No, bombing the same targets is not the same as an alliance.
As for that guff about "true" Saxony, I was quite transparently referring to the place the [Saxons] actually came from - that is, Low Saxony
The Faeroe Islands too, while Greenland is a part of the OCTs
By giving less space or no space, and improving the sidewalks and bike paths
Can't think of any rn, but there are lots the other way around
r/ denmark is a fine enough sub to be on for fun, but they are def not the source for knowing what the general public thinks
So will it they be granted asylum or not?
Is it just me or just that look horrible
Oh that make sense, thanks for the reply.
Of course we want to imitate him
80% humidity -8C and 30-50 km/h winds this morning
naturally assume he's lying, nice
It doesn't take a theoretical physicist to calculate that having Jeremy Corbyn as the head of their party is a disaster for labour.
= Wanna go out(drinking) tonight
And still people elect Tory governments
" does in English
Jeg vil fjerne dig fra jordens overflade med en præcision du ikke vil kunne overkomme, mærk dig mine ord
The Swedish number system is so simple
My experience with Swedish is the exact opposite
I can only wonder why he went to Finland in the first place, if that's what he thought it was like
Hva' siger hun, hende der
I like them, has no real power, and gets to represent us globally.
No idea at what altitude though
Sure but it's only support, dental health care is still very expensive in Denmark.
*Former* government that needed the support of a right wing party, but yes
First of all, I was just pointing out that I think the first comment was talking about climate change rather than fuel shortage
That whole occupation thing is kind of important for them, and, personally, I can respect that.
It depends very much on the industry and the company you work for
Yes, it's difficult to hit at range
sounds awesome
But it is not a common thing
Danish political parties reacted positively to Junckers initiative, just so the 'Some Nordic European countries are wary of multi-speed Europe' these papers love to sound neutral but in this case wary just means wary, our political parties are on the fence about it they're not dead set against it.
And they use this framing to
We have a fair amount of Danes pretending to be Russian :)
> If there is money on the side of the pool/snooker table, it means that someone has reserved the next game so you shouldn't 'jump the queue'.
A story about normal girl (Mette) who grows up to be a party girl and sleeps a different place every day
Danish Companies Seek to Hire, but Everyone’s Already Working
Even they're willing to admit that some Muslims do perfectly fine here in Denmark.
In Danish it's "Sydligste". Any Dane should be able to figure out what "Denemarken is het zuidelijkste Scandinavische land
Frølunde Fed
I've also heard western Denmark being referred to as "the whipped cream front" because it was so peaceful
They don't actively say that you must not do it, but it is certainly a lot more negative than the AAP
To say otherwise is to speak of unevidenced hypotheticals
And i said churches in my country do NOT inherit money
Populism doesn't support the far right at all, since it isn't bound to any part of the spectrum.
Scholarships and grant are possible:
Prob viking age
They were conquered twice just prior to this by Danish kings anyway, and that didn't last overly long
In the 10 or so years I’ve been taking the morning and afternoon bus for school, this is exactly what I’ve experienced with no exceptions
I agree with you, but I don't know if whe agree on the identity of those agents of chaos
This thread is hilarious
Yup
I have no idea what this is
I feel like it was more common in the 00s, but they still pop up here and there
Idk, I know plenty of people my age (20s)that still speak thybomål or sønderjysk, who are able to turn it on and off
of course, i don't want dirt and mud everywhere in my house - especially on my beautiful carpets
Nice try, but whoever drew this forgot about [The Mountain of Heaven] in Denmark while making the topography
F u regards Denmark
I also wonder what kind of futanari we are talking about here.
Their language is really underrated, and I admire their football
Winter depressions
Fransk sennep
I think it is just a much a rural/uban divide as a regional divide tho
He took many pictures :)
We just give up our potential Euro voting rights to feel good about having different bill designs
On a great host of issues, [left-wingers are much more intolerant than right-wingers] They are far more likely to block people for posting things they disagree with, far less willing to have conservative friends than vice versa, more likely to be upset if their child married a conservative, etc, etc
I cannot fathom that it actually happened
Why has this industry been allowed to survive for so long
The golden rule is:
Does it not rain on your stuff
I'm not 100% sure it's the same in the Netherlands (although I'd assume so), but here, the prime minister isn't determined by voting.
Yeah I'm gathering that, by now, I guess it's good when they close it when it's been copied/stolen.
don't worry, we don't switch to 20-base before 50, lol
Can you please call it "efterår", not autumn
Which is the reason for the decline in the perception of the potential power of the US foreign politics.
..and just as I finishen typing I discovered that Ragnar (after Ragnar Lodbrok, father to Halfdan) is making a comeback
Enjoy Sweden
The "surety" is unnecessary if you have a court system and law enforcement system that functions the way it should
But shit like this is starting to wear my patience thin
sorry I haven’t learned Turkish grammar, I just couldn’t think of what that was called
Having to work in an office when it's around 25 degrees is not fun
Well yes he is the god of Thunder so we had to name a day after him.
Only we can ridicule them
[Kim Leine - The Prophets in the Eternal Fjord]
i've never cared
How does it show that they don’t like the EU
Anyway, I hope it doesn’t get too bad in Sweden or Denmark (or anywhere else)
For nightlife, you can't really beat Berlin, which is also quite a lot cheaper.
"Plenti" offers a full-speed 4g connection with no data cap for 119kr/month (€15.50).
you can either scan or choose a picture, which is super neat
I hope you’re all getting through the heat
There is usually space to park the trailer outside the inner cities
Watch out for Jack the ripper
Wish people wouldn't put you on the spot to perform for them
A few years ago a truck carrying beer hit an oncoming train and shredded 8 people almost beyond recognition
Though I did learn about the bronze age
Why was it so popular in the US just a few decades ago?
And what needs to be done in Syria and Ukraine?
But comrade, it is not your penis, it's our penis
I guess I get pretty Danish when I'm drunk, but that's more of a definitional thing
like this:
Why would the west want to keep Turkey weak?
No mountains, so no real seasonal fluctuations in waterlevels from melting snow, and the streams that do exist are too shallow to allow ocean going vessels under power to navigate them
And our system dosn't regard marriage or having children with an immigrant as reason for that person not to be deported
And I like to read about surrounding countries as well
Denmark too
They either came from Lombardy to Denmark or vice versa
People know Donald Trump is bad.
Storbritannien - United Kingdom
Is this the Soros thing i've been hearing about
Finally some good news in 2016 :)
She just moved out (age 20) but have been bringing boys home for sleepovers all her life
Poland, as is tradition
Nope i'd prefer him to all the other candidates.
But as a woman, I might call my female friends "tøser", "de damer" or even a cheeky "gutter", though those hardly seem like slang names
Welcome
More accurately, you promote the growth of lactic acid bacteria, that make the brine sour
The clever short ones find one of the countless bicycles in the canal, and stand on that
Its extra spiked
We need to federalize first, but in due time yeah.
It seems from this thread to be a general North-South divide, with a northwestern crescent of fresh-milk drinking countries (from the Baltics through Scandinavia to Ireland) while Germany can go both ways, with the south beyond tending towards UHT
You mainly see it in written French
They do indeed
My granddad from my mums side is from Als and speak a very heavy Alsisk, and I just have never understood it
You may get some idea if you simply want to compare countries but it's damn near impossible to get any accurate number for a specific country
Both are the same concept, a flavored way of delivering nicotine in a pouch under the lip
The order is probably: Danish > Scandinavian / Nordic > Northern European > European
I'm a big fan of the Faroese variant of Danish, which is known as Gøtudanskt
More than I can list
Yes in theory it could be that these uneducated people just like lung cancer but I would be much more likely to assume that they just didn't know
Yes, it's simply called 1864 as far as I know
In fact, we just put up "temporary border control" against sweden too
I also have another
I agree with everything, except the 'subtle' bit
Perhaps is
Danish feminists looks like this, so I do not mind
uanset hvad, så er det selvfølgelig kun smag og behag
Got the same, maybe I am putting too much value in my current political structure instead of role playing like it is 1917
He was before Christian I, though
French did the Ruhr invasion and didn't attack Germany until the Saar invasion - I don't think the French could easily move an army to Berlin to remove Hitler.
It's smooth, cheap, and free Wi-Fi ;)
No but it's still selfishness because you (politicians, voters, etc) can't put aside differences to implement a system that could improve millions of lives
They basically write in old fashioned danish through.
“By cutting over-capacity, allowing the retirement of uneconomic power plants, reducing or eliminating price caps in its power market and reforming its balancing market, Spain can move toward eliminating a capacity mechanism altogether, and save billions of euros which it can spend instead on updating its grid infrastructure.”
Miami, but if were restricting to Europe, then i would say Palma de Mallorca
The soviets would not have won without Support from the the US and the UK.
Does anyone beside the administrative power really think that?
And for Danish, no one is able to do that
However, if you've enjoyed hanging out with someone, it could be called "hygge". So it's just a positive in general
Especially in a non-Jewish country
how about another Union eh
Daca pot să scriu o jumătate în engleză și jumătate in româna, poate este mai ușor s-a contribui
Off course the source you posted is accurate, still doesn't change the fact that we have huge issues with integrating immigrants primarily from the Middle East, Eastern Europeans tend to integrae just fine, and by the second generation tend to identify as danish.
And then, of course, since they had to make the "I am Lord Voldemort", Tom Riddle's name is translated
Suggest anything left of center and you are suddenly considered radical left winged ANTIFA commie
If they were forced to pay those Chinese workers 15 USD an hour, their wage would rise 12-fold, but the cost of producing the iPhone as a whole would only go up by 20 %.
Russia looks very modernised
Accurate
Malmö, Sweden
I've heard his name before, sure, but I don't think he is that significant (today)
I know
If Denmark left I would gladly pay that and more to keep my EU citizenship!
For 10kr you can buy a Snickers
In Denmark
" thing is true or not I have no idea
And so it started
When Suspekt is giving concerts, this song is of course one of their main hits, and the lyric (or chant) is added to the instrumental part of the chorus "Jeg har kneppet til den her sang" (literally: "I've shagged to this song / while this song was playing)
Or historical
Welsh is the most widely spoken descendant of Brythonic, and the word "Britain" is a Latinised version of a P-celtic name for the Island
And since western Jutland is known as the most religious part of Denmark, I’m sure they also have most of the inner missions, which my mom says are our “religious conservatives”
Thus those who think about their own ideas, would be able to choose either of those categories, while those who just identify with labour parties, irregardless of whether it has liberal or socialist leanings, could choose that option
Joder is almost like Jøder in danish which means Jews
> the original Max Payne
Also, I guess, the Norse Myth stories
Leave it to an American to take the word 'Rival' to mean 'Military Rival'
Also I don't think a 45 year old would be able to attend regular gymnasium.
in Denmark we have been calling you "Tjekkiet" all the time
"Scotland" is an ancient name, with proud roots
Skåne was literally the Danish heartland
Thanks for visiting
“Denmark is a socialist country”
Size of Soda Cups sums it opup for me as well
In Denmark there are two that comes to my mind, The National Museum in Copenhagen or Moesgård outside of Århus
In the end he caused more deaths of eastern Europeans than Hitler who considered them inferior
Keeping the Brits happy without risking repercussions from Germany (they could potentially just invade and take what they wanted) was no easy task, although the brits were on friendly terms and thus quite lenient.
I am sceptical on about people have think them to follow them, but I hope on the best
But when it comes to Nazism, Danish comedian Martin Nørgaard really described it well, when he said "The scary wasn't that it happened, the scary thing was how common it was"
We (as well as many other European countries) have [actual socialists in Parliament] so we know what the word means.
If you read the source, they mention several cook books from the late 15th century
This gives me great hope that The Wall in the north of Westores will hold off the coming tide of the white walkers and the others.
Russia wasn't occupied nor a bombed out shell and didn't want/need the West to interfere with their internal affairs
Met an Croatian neo nazi on a bus from Ljubljana, he wouldn't shut up about the aryan race and how Hitler considered them partly Germanic for the whole trip ones he found out I was danish.
I wish I lived in the world 36% of Americans seem to think we do
Because honestly, we don't have a lot of other things around, and friends visiting from other countries really want to see it
In Danish they're mariehøner, Mary hens
I don’t know if it’s worse or better than in any other countries, but the fact that so many people have the absolute audacity to deny that it even exists must be so discouraging for people of color
You made the choice to have a baby, you accept the responsibility of keeping it safe and healthy until it is 18
The ancient history from that place is Greek history.
Sometimes, I use the "British" versions by coincidence
I have a feeling many would just assume it's American, so if you said I'm from Victoria, Ontario or  Queensland, they'd know it's not in the UK, so
Most normal
Now that I'm an adult, when I go I always take my friends to Cafe Jens Otto after, since it's my favourite place in town (cheap, good food and amazingly hygge decor)
Went to Kraków last summer and absolutely fell in love with the city
Perfectly sums up the Danish mentality of [the Law of Jante] which is an integral part of Danish culture
At any rate, religions beliefs, or lack of same, is usually hereditary, so I'm atheist.
If people A begin ruling people B, A cannot impose their values and rules upon B without conflicting with people B's own culture
Brexit has just become this stupid piece of symbolic politicism, and people will do their best to get it to happen despite knowing it's a bad idea
He started talking with me about a movie he Saw last night, and i kindly listened to him speaking and asking for details
We will never be happy
We need a more harmonized tax strategy towards multinational companies, not only in EU but globally.
People from Tønder
Italien - Italy
From memory: asian-americans last voted republican in 1996, muslim americans did it in 2000, latinos came close in 2004.
I am from Denmark
I visited the Sachsenhausen camp once
**Danish:** Native language, not much to add.
Grenades had been used in Malmö and ~~Swedes thought they were coming through from Denmark~~ concerned about where the grenades were coming from, Swedes upped border security
Since we generally love sarcasm in Denmark, even the sarcastic usage *can* be used in a kidding kinda way towards friends and stuff though
HAS DUMBING DOWN THE UK MADE YOUR PENSION IMPOTENT
Not exactly
There is no way just private companies will be able to pull this off without the support and cooperation by the North Sea nations.
To be fair, people could never go anywhere if they had to learn all the languages.
the reason that we have terrible city planning and little public transport is because we were early adopters of many technologies including the automobile.
The other way around; Danish has no word for "please". We have ways to sound polite (we just don't use them much) but no single word or phrase, that are always used
I literally claimed that I oppose them
In a game of chicken we shouldn't be the one to move out of the way when allowing them to do this will potentially do as much damage if not more to our economy than locking these financial institutions out of the European Market.
No way man
[Here's the border from 1864-1920, if you're interested
He clearly didn't have *enough* guns, or this would never have happened.
Last I heard the Danish army had munitions to last 2 weeks in a war whilst the German had enough to last barely 24 hours.
It has burned before and once it's rebuild, which it will be, it'll likely burn at some point again
22° is bikini weather, wyd
The leadership is separated from the base, its the leadership who decides and "betrays" the interests of the base and people.
Politi officer
For instance in some ways the settlement of Southern Ukraine is really similar to the settlement of the American Midwest - attracting settles from all over (Swedes for instance
When has more pizza never been a good thing ??
Could stand alone as the entire description for this place in a mythical text.
Yes
City
Or when they let their kids play on an air mattress in the ocean
Formalitet
Completely scattered
i dont know if this is just a thing for movies and tv shows
As I said to another person, if they've actually made direct threats then yes, of course they should be clamped down on.
I don't recognize Tolkien as the author of LOTR
I thought they were just taking turns
I've never had any bad experiences with the police at all.
However what i meant was that when danes speak english they pronounce word in a way that only danes pronunce english, while it can be similar to other accents it just somehow screams “danish” to me
I honestly don't understand how anyone with access to the internet could ever think it does
If you want to see more about biccyling in Denmark, I love [this video] that shows it through N.American eyes.
Though lupin in older Danish is called Ulvebønne (Wolf's bean)
Ok svensker
Every single time i see a Dane say something outrageous on this site, you turn out to be from Copenhagen
No, not really
Yeah
Here in Denmark, it's a guilty pleasure
Capitalism must, by socialist, be opposed as the exploitative, alienating, and undemocratic economic system that it is
Worth noting that not all Franks switched to Vulgar Latin/Proto-French
[It's a cost benefit analysis] even before counting the prestige.
They just look at how the language is being used and alter the definitions and spellings to reflect that
" Most other western democracies had similar stuff in their constitutions when they started out
The common flu today isn't life threatening except in exceptional circumstances
But electing this government - grrrrr
Smoking is very much correlated to people's social inheritance and class, though
Sure
This is a natural effect of people being different, and why I was initially curious when I read your original comment as you opposing compromises
Mainly because they probably have the most amount of countries speaking them, and I plan on someday riding around the world on a motorcycle
In Denmark "Hvor er den nærmeste bus / tog station?" is probably a good idea since the trains and busses are so importent in daily transport.
10 Yes
Perhaps some of the other smaller islands like Langeland as well
I agree with you on most besides the last point - that unions are especially powerful in Denmark
Vatican city and monaco are smaller
Even our King Christian IX had tried to convince D G Monrad that it was a bad idea, but he wouldn't listen
Jeg har ret du tager fejl
How is 5 star movement related to the others?
Oh Yeah hi, Prince Karl Toffel the 3rd of house Oldenburg here, kan I have beer and bacon for free pls
I just mentioned that we have different rules for Europeans than we do for outsiders.
Depends on the day and the agenda
Catchy, famous and overplayed
I watch it every Christmas
They've brought it down to 3 kr now
Our asylum seeking and refugee laws have been challanged by the EU court of human rights, since we can deport anyone so long as there isn't an active war in their local home region of their nation of origin
I wouldn't say i'm ashamed but Copenhagen
I am all for putting more money into science and research, but it's not money we need right now, it's time
Public drinking/intoxication is legal here but people will not harass you.
Latvia
It's a 'big country thing' it seems.
and Salling Super is completely out of Lidls league
I was prepared to grab a shovel and some salt and go clear the fucking thing myself after the first five hours in that hellish airport
Blæksprutte: octopus and squid
Same in Denmark
Stop caring
But a lot of people really does seem to hate Danish
He just sort of spun a tale about how "he found it on the ground and was going to give it to me", but 5 seconds before he had literally knocked into me and I felt him take it out of my pocket since my hand was in the pocket as well
I wish I knew that before we bought a house together
Hvad helvede sagde du om os
I identify as cultural christian/agnostic christian and don’t really believe in god but I like going to church on holidays and I adore cathedrals
Very unlikely but probably Sønderjylland which was part of Germany until 1920
But I still have virtually no idea how that would be pronounced, due to Irish following completely different orthographic rules from other languages
As a Jutlander I made a roadtrip in Sjælland, Lolland and Falster minus Copenhagen this summer and I tell you there are a lot of ghosttowns compared to Vestjylland imo
Also traditionally, you would find complex brewing cultures in all of Northern Europe, but since they were based on the individual farms, they have almost died out after industrialisation and urbanisation in the mid-19th century
That's what humans do
So with the current trends, China could indeed be the better EU ally of the 2 in a not too distant future.
Flink (Danish) = nice
Modernism has mostly been displaced by postmodernism for a few decades now, and from my own personal experience, those I've talked to all prefer the postmodernist look over the modernist
We use Greek or Latin for this as well btw
lets just have bring a socialistic dictator to power and call it a day
I'm at about 57 degrees north
So it's only if you have Russian IP or have it been fixed
Culturally, it's a monoculture to an insane degree
SMS
I was on several as a kid in end 90's and start 2000s
So, as u/bhjoellund says, it is just the equivalent of "nur".
The lowest average GDP per capita of any municipality in region Sjælland is Lolland Kommune, at 311
The next parts are about how the King (i know we have a queen but the constitution says its a king) inherits and when he becomes of age
When I grew up he was super popular in both Norway and Denmark as well
Everything would fall into anarchy within 24 hours and suicide rates would skyrocket
I goggled  Burren  and that looks so special
lol late to the party here but I often use that explanation as well.
It's actually kind of a topic here now - the class has been called Christendom even though it's a general teaching about religion.
The Netherlands Association of Plastic Surgeons,
dk all though it’s not a real newspaper
But the Danish navy “splitflag” is nice i think
Our PM having her PR employee taking a pic 'for the gram'. So proud of her
I’m mad because the weather is shit here in DK
We've lumped them together
That is perhaps being a bit melodramatic.
I am disappointed to me my country so high up
Not surprisingly, in Danish "seng" used to mean the bed linnen but it changed meaning along the way
It only exists in that sketch tbf, kamelåså isnt a real word in Danish
The reality is that even a looser peg is a complete no-go at this point
GERMANY
But we don't even border you :(
It was a real idea after World War 2.
So one that isn't swearing: In Danish jeg er ligeglad, litteraly translated means I'm equally happy
Madness, I really hope for another election
February is probably the worst month of the year, so pack a coat
This was actually not about profit but because people "walked on jesus"
Of course there can be exceptions to this (I have a friend whose best friends are her neighbors whom she first met after moving into her apartment building), but you shouldn't have an expectation that you'll get to know all of your apartment neighbors personally
Hedehusene, however, I'll agree is cheaper
Cloetta chocolate bar with Gott & Blandat in it
All I really remember about the Nordic museum is that it had several mistakes about Denmark
It's fake, and that annoys Europeans who aren't used to it
and was just generally a really cool guy
It just seems so open when you know that that isn't a thing everywhere.
That is what this sub is for, and is by definition *not* "wasting people's time".
Maybe Bornholm becomes independent
Then they'll likely wait until the kid is done at uni and then he/she can move out
Like others have already mentioned, small ~~world~~ country
Why not
The Chinese communist party are notorious liars
That's just Boris
It is a state-led project to let students do this ‘praktik’. Though It’s the school which decides if they’ll let their students take ‘praktik’ and for how long
You also learn about vases, statues and temples and how to tell them apart (Archaic, Hellenistic and so on)
I think it might be more common in Jutland though
Temperature does not change
syv hundred femoghalvtreds tusind to hundred otteoghalvfjerds
There are also some schools where they turned quite nasty and there were rumours of sexual assault on the first year girls
Balle: Buttock
Yeees
An addiction or a bad habit
The   AAP was   recently attacked by the President of the British  Association  of   Paediatric Urologists because the evidence of benefit  is weak, and  they   are promoting "Irreversible mutilating surgery
"Hey, Wolf
The UK has a parallel legal system for Muslims?
I know it's really annoying when people try to fake accents and I wish I could just speak with a neutral accent :\
well Oslo
Here it tends to vary from 17:30 to 19:00 perhaps but if it gets later than that, it's weird by our standards.
No difference really
But they do taste good
Anyone can memorize a speech, but to explain it on several different abstraction levels require a deeper understanding of the subject, which she demonstrates that she has here
Pain and suffering
We do as well you are called Tjekkiet in danish.
Unless troops in East-europe was the price for Crimea - but I doubt it.
The country I used to live in
Poor people in the US tend to have lower education, less access to mental health care, and there is also more homelessness in general
In Denmark it's basically "The Defense" or Forsvaret
We do actively work with peacekeeping missions, anti-piracy work in Gulf of Aden etc.
The highest point in Denmark is 172 m above sea level
They started doing that in imitation of the English difference between *he* and *she* by replacing the *semantic compound* "human" with "woman" around a hundred years ago **and I hate it
So the useless commission is going to oversee this
Indeed
It's not like this is happening at the beginning of the crisis.
And poffertjes
However they didn't really care about him for at least a decade.
Go through your history book then, and tell us how many times a democracy has gone to war against another democracy.
Ah, found a picture:
Moesgaard is number one for me too, but If I should choose one in Copenhagen (where I'm from), it would be Glyptoteket because it is such a beautiful place
It contains both the soft D and the Ø, both of which are challenging to pronounce for most people
We had clear skies o Denmark all day today
Yes it is and it's even better in person
Let us be an example for the rest of the world
" type stuff mostly seems to be left wing nonsense from my experience
or beer that tastes of coffee or liquorice or mint etc
They also voted no to staying
That's also the main reason it was changed in 1866
Sigh
Or is it technically not a colony?
Here it varies a lot I think - it is not required by law, but depends on the company, school and union you are affiliated with
It looks like Erdogan wants to get political points in Turkey before an important election.
Considering that Denmark was occupied by Nazi germany at the time and Iceland was protected by the Allied, it makes much sense so many people voted as they did.
Exactly this, although bathing in winter will never seem appealing to me hell just leaving my apartment takes convincing.
Schmeichel
The capital, Copenhagen, is so different to any other place in the country
I did some consulting work there in the late 90s, and have been back a few times with my wife.
We'll see as more people join if it gets toxic
I don't see this as some racist policy but as something that would hopefully help newcomers integrate.
4 cases per 100 000 population
He's fighting for better school systems, and kids in general
Sweden
The first party I got invited to turned out to be a lot of people in a small flat, a coffee table filled with all sorts of vodka, and a kitchen table with dark bread, pickles, and fish
Thanks
ban him from the entire Kingdom of Denmark, so he could never set foot in Greenland either
It is sometimes  stereotyped as being sort of an entitled generation, which participated in ungdomsoprøret (60's counterculture movement), going on to sit on the top posts in society, and then got more conservative and greedy as the years passed on
That is enormously under-holding to read they others comments in the thread, and fat to recieve one inside-aim in how other humans natural structure theirs sentences
The only thing they have in common with Trøndersk is the vowel sentences
I have practically endless family stories, as incredible as they are uncredible, but most of them have actual sources
You will find people of all backgrounds there.
That was a good vending
Because honestly, we don't have a lot of other things around, and friends visiting from other countries really want to see it
It's very pronounced
I have a hard time believing Erdogan can be that popular.
The worst part is when they came out and said it couldn't run in cold weather
I think Jokeren and quite a lot of people used "Havnen" as a nickname for Copenhagen.
His world view only ever worked when information of the USA was scarce and filled with propaganda, like it was in the communist bloc
Especially if they decide on a different management system.
These 2 parties (Venstre and Conservatives) are now allies, and traditionally the government-forming parties on the right wing
Buy secondhand whenever possible and buy quality instead of cheap, easy breakable things
We're just as conservative as the rest of Europe, we just don't legislate based on it
I think most people think of Hallstatt, Austria
Sometimes these things are silly..
But it is fair to criticise a country from they do / have done
Don't think I've ever seen or heard about anything happen to anyone
It was really nice though, this mix of Central European and Italian
I'm not sure about the prices for that
I don´t think as much about the vaccine question, but that a goverment has made it mandatory to get something injected into your body
In Denmark we call them ikea fags
If you reject the idea, you must reject arguments based on the idea
they got hot dogs of course, but also burgers and a few other typical things
I've been there lots of times and only met other people maybe twice
my thought to all of it is that it's screwed up
That kind of damage
Wanting the good without having the bad, eh
Netherlands 420 I do not understand.
My country seems to be the worst
The blame is on the UK and its own political culture and nothing else.
Yep, and I think no European country has a system, that covers all the things Bernie is proposing his plan should cover
In fact he was so bad, that he was deposed and kept in prison for the rest of his life
>[The] Country is to be build by law, but if everyone were to accept with his own and let others enjoy the same right, then no law would be needed
Yeah he was the entertainment of the debate.
im not sure if denmark is a good location for a military base
Like [Nøkken] [Mosekonen] or [Nisser] The only that ever gave me nightmares though, was [Trolderik] He used to scare me a lot and he would swear during his show (like calling his grandmother "en gammel sur kælling" which kinda means "an old angry bitch"), which scared me even more
I’m a bit sad they don’t like our beer
So it's basically the houses by the river.
Honestly, I think they just memorise it
And politicians have played into it because it's an easy way to score points to say "Yeah, we'll take back control from those out of touch elites down in Brussels
This is true
We had a Danish band write a song about this in 1982:
My phone doesn't have a case on it, since I can barely squeeze it into my pocket without one
But Finland isn't real
Animal porn was also legal up until 2015
*comment intended to be read in condescending posh accent*
How about Russia
It appears to be an art magazine of some kind called Pist Protta and that museum is apparently showing some of their stuff..
Though it is not middle eastern either, I suppose it would categorised as Asian
We do so as well in Denmark, many power plants are CHP (Combined Heat and Power) plants.
Jokes aside, thank you sweden for helping us save the danish jews in ww2
We don't hate engaging with each other, or with strangers, quite contrary
For Denmark, I’d say it was when Danish politicians and Norwegian politicians discussed the oil resources in the Nordic sea
And its hard not to notice Somali women.
So it has nothing to do with private citizens in foreign countries deciding to not buy French products
yeah, I learned it from a friend, I have been these last 14 years
People who were responsible for this didn’t had to be Nazis, many weren’t.
But again, people think it's more "cute" than anything
In Denmark if you have a middle name, you can remove your last name and use your middle name as last name instead.
Russia threatens with its military.
I can't remember all the details, but a cop decided to play with a little girl during one police holdup
Putin have been funding Le Pen for quite a while.
Endelig endelig vi er så glade, men vi siger IKKE tak
In terms of oppression Erdogan is still miles behind, though their rethoric is pretty similar.
As a software developer I'm happy to report that we use Zero indexed floors in Denmark
Second comment have exactly 2 up-votes shown and is a single instance of it, you can't build a case on that.
Split it into Goods, Services and combined
I think most have heard of basically all the states particulalry the ones by the east and west coast
Cured meat is awesome
When do you go from a porn actor to a pornstar
Slartibartfast did not get that award for nothing.
You are forgetting you don't need to be an EU member to export to these countries, and that you can't be sure where they buy their things
Think of it as a dairy-based sweet soup
This'll get downvoted probably as soon as all the right wingers on /r/unitedkingdom see it
That's a shame all sides of history needs to be told, no matter if it's the crimes of the far right or far left
Danes are fairly sceptic
Homes were half rotten and some windows were even smashed, yet people still lived in them
"Tasker" is the Danish word for bags, but apparently that's Swedish slang for whores
Denmark
Det skulle du helst have haft hvert år gennem hele folkeskolen :)
In Denmark it is decent (can't speak for the bigger cities, but where I'm from people are kind)
The only people who want to cull freedom of speech are the people calling trump voters racists/facist/idiots, saying 50% of the population cant be trusted to vote correctly.
Swedish and Norwegian
Rasmus Paludan, obviously
Venstre support Obama and Clinton as well.
Things are a bit more complicated than that.
I’m so confused
Too much in the western sphere, it needs to move closer to the center of europe.
Phone services and internet*
> Just consider the size of ah average knife and of the average bullet
This is part of my issue with the whole thing - in practice, they control *everything* except foreign policy
I think it's one of the nicest things to listen to
Yes, but it was part of a populistic comprimise with the right wing party
Nothing of it really makes sense
Thanks, I always get a bit uncertain, when it is longer, and I need to write more complicated things
The man has been thrown out of EL for his extremely hard opinion on women this man his more dangerous
Lol, there was a kid called Loki
Countries like Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Ireland and UK will probably never reach 40 degrees, there's simply to much coastline to cool the air
Canada is just the 51 state everyone knows that.
They just have few scruples about omitting a few critical details, like the bit about their predicted benefit being a decade away).
Murderers deserve nothing less.
But y?
Religion would probably have been a better name, as we didn't just learn about Christianity but also other religions
Glørius
It's mainly used as an example of bad sources leads to wrong history
" due to media influence
Additionally, it's much harder to track my spending
It is near sankt hans
Signing into law that portraying Muhammad is illegal, is the only thing that will appease them
Copenhagen almost the same number as whole of Norway
Yeah, I think you are overall right
That he is, but the entire party has sprung from what was essentially a protest party.
I remember they used one in Skam
Lækker is also used the Dutch way in Danish
Sure, she's not Putin or Xi Jinping, but still, compared to what we are used to, it's not normal to have a prime minister, who doesn't take the parliament into council, or who has an unelected special advisor, who has access to political work groups, without being accountable to the electorate
I d'oh'ed
Within this sociological understanding of exploitation, it is part of the redistribution of labour, taking place during the process of separate groups exchanging their current productive labour for social labour set in goods received
All those movements you’re talking about are some fringe groups, few mentally disturbed people not representative in any way
We don't nor have we ever, but it's apparantly a thing they are even now taught in school in Sweden
where do you get your meat from
I don't give a rat's ass what people in France, Belgium, Germany or Spain thinks about our laws for example.
You buy all of those thing at the supermarket
I love my country, and consider how reserved we are a peaceful and wonderful character trait
It's kinda split between calling it Australia or Oceania,  but lately it has become more common to be taught Oceania, which I think is the more correct term
generally people working contribute more than they receive and pay for the people not working.
The least corrupt in the world
Actually,  one of our Queen's names is the Icelandic *Þórhildur
A really expensive bus
Norway was in an even worse position to hold onto it, so the presumption that it would've had any lasting impact is one hell of an assumption
I know this is a joke but I think this stereotype is really overblown personally, I’m in Copenhagen and I probably do a bit of banter with a cashier, a little remark in a queue etc a handful of times a year
Ahh right sorry my bad
Reality is that he doesn't but somehow he seems to get most right
That's isn't to say we don't have newspapers who fill the role you describe - I can  think of several that do, as well as several politicians throughout history that have been brought down by those newspapers
ISS is a huge Danish "facility management" provder (they do cleaning etc)
Irland - Ireland
"Hygge" means all the things you listed above
Maybe it is because the two words sound similar
The agreement [as you can see here if you scroll down a little] was not really fair as it gave Norway the ritchest oil fields while denmark got only a little bit
And as far as I know the expression originally is from drug addiction
It's often used as an argument against not eating your food, "Think about the starving children in Africa
It's half third times twenty (3-½ \* 20)
Scandinavia and the Nordic countries generally feel much closer to each other than to other countries.
What does pro-labour even mean
Someone from Copenhagen would be a Københavner.
But I guess just like a thief thinks everyone steals, so do a Xenophobe think everyone else is a xenophobe
Eh, it's their journalists reporting on the Swedish problems like everyone else these days.
Started talking to my dad about someone who’s baby cried
Mette Frederiksen is largely popular in Denmark
Still need a denmark tag
Danes in Norway just tries to adapt to all the singing, they don't put on this weird German sounding accent on.
If there was a group of women scientists in a room, would you find it funny if i called it a pussy party
Is there something vague about the word 'amendment'?
So I see it as an absolute win
- England
I didn't ask to tell me about me.
While I do agree that they propably aren't to blame in this case, we did  have some pretty important trials some 70 and a few years ago, that dealt with the whole "just following orders" excuse
And this is the way they measure the revenge they plot.....
Me: dad, what's the most dangerous animal in denmark
As well as their eye shape and placement sometimes being a little different than the rest of Europe
I can see Denmark-Norway-Iceland getting along nicely, Sweden(or rather Swedish politicians) would ruin everything, just like last time.
Yes there is a European Movement Norway branch
Not exactly occupied
Or in autumn, you're sad about summer ending, yet also happy, knowing that spring will come again soon
Nowadays it’s slightly difficult to pinpoint where somebody is from based on the dialect given that it’s considered to be uncool to speak in dialect (at least in the younger generation)
I will check out that theory though, see what it's about
Understanding english is highly exoected from most Danes, since we get english education in school
I don't really identity myself with the danish regions (Jutland, Zealand etc) but that is mainly because my father is from Zealand and my mother is from Jutland
Maybe in English but here in Denmark hugo is not clearly an American
I enjoy it because it's a small slap in the face to Erdogan, but other than that.
I have yet to see Danish flags as part of the normal, everyday interior decoration in places such as classrooms (There always at least three or four), shops/supermarkets, etc in Denmark
Then I added "Chocolate" and got a product I've seen before
And will I have the same prrblem if trying to enter Peruby bus?
- would work
I am right now sitting in my bed, doped on painkillers, hardly able to walk, the weather being so nice outside, and just miserable honestly
Only literally everyone I know
The good news is he probably isn't gonna make it in time to abolish aging
Plus or minus a few thousand years isn't anything significant, and who knows, it might very well still take tens of thousands of years before Yellowstone is gonna erupt next
I hope you you'll come back one day
There's not really an English name for it, but if you were to put that into translate it would probably come out something like "home arts". But it's basically where you learn how to cook, clean, and take care of a kitchen
Mainstream beer is normally pretty bad, kinda like Heineken and Carlsberg...
That Denmark isn’t Disney land or a theme park
But the Ottomans *were* the Turks
so you're arguing that people in germany arent as hostile to immigration because they're having less kids?
Have you read their statement
For continually giving them money while they respond by treating us like cruel imperialists
Why
If I had to choose between which two of them should be illegal I would definitely choose the one for females, but since we have no such constraints in real life we should aim to make both of them illegal
Can't *kyn* mean genitals too
It  is a    traumatic procedure performed without anaesthesia to remove a  normal  and   healthy prepuce
You just bought thousand liters milk
Don't forget;
There are definitely still girl scouts in Denmark
Guess we'll see another war in Syria, Ukraine as well as a jihadi caliphate in Caucasus then
It's a Nordic tradition I think
“Jeg er ligeglad” (I am equally happy)
Have you considered making it red and white instead
The new legislation do tell me something which I cannot ignore even if I wanted
It has four legs
I shower in the evening so the routine is "come home - no need to go somewhere - shower - home clothes - pyjamas". I also have specific clothes I wear for DIY projects or garden and I always take my shoes off in the hallway near the front door
I can't imagine that's the origin of the terrorist group Taliban
They are not wrong
> Bleeding is very dangerous and its not that hard to cut a major blood vessel with a long slash
Because that's what Swedish police have always done.
I mean, you exit in the back or the middle in Copenhagen, so you would have to either walk up and thank them before you exit, or yell it across the bus  even when I didn't live in Copenhagen I would have found that excessive
I personally didn't find New York and Melbourne more "foreign" than barcelona, and i don't mean that as a negative thing, it's just that real cultural affinity don't neatly fit into political constructs like "Europe", though of course there's bound to be some overlap
As long as there is a guarantee that they will be sent home when there is peace in their country again.
If you're asking Antifa or something similar I'm sure they'll have a different view but they hardly represent any "general view".
My dads from around there
As far as I know, we can burn a dannebrog flag that is no longer presentable, to retire it.
and you just got off a plane from Denmark
About damn time
The public debate has just been like animal activists that are sad the minks ara killed and then the farmers like "but our money
Dutch people are much more prone to switch parties, so there was plenty other options for those voters.
I feel a historically and especially very cultural bond with the other nordic countries
England is at once the most polite and the most aggressive country I've been in
They are the prime example of owning up to your mistakes and actively trying to be better for it
We have middelfart
Nerdonændene er bare danskere der er blevet lidt forvirrede
There are a lot of different groups who don't especially like each others.
That if they want to stop immigration, they should actually strengthen ties with the EU?
We also have Bidets,  which are not toilets either
Put differently, a world in which the British Empire was *evil* (and I'm not saying you claim it is, but many do) is a world in which nearly every nation and people before the 20th century is evil
Vacant jobs, not enough houses (especially the cheap ones smack down in the center) and everywhere there are cranes making property higher and higher.
I think a major reason why we don't do it here is because in most busses you enter through one door, near the driver, but exit through another door, far away from the driver
Your "free samples" are paid for by the slight increase in price on the product that is earmarked for marketing
Demmark is flat as hell, so that excuse does not work for the Netherlands, as Denmark has proven that it's still possible regardless
A harvest flower, is an old term for flowers that bloom in autumn
Exports are not a goal in itself.
The traditions and rules of the British parliament, both chambers, are among the oldest traditions and rules of all parliamentary systems
Those are great things to do
Attitude changing ads halved the casualties in a very short time.
A popular conspiracy theory as to why, is so that more women buy expensive handbags
Something I have noticed is that iPhone owners always refer to their phone as "my iPhone". "Where is my iPhone, have you seen my iPhone, let me check my iPhone". Everybody else just say "my phone" not "my Samsung, my Huawei, my LG".
There was an issue a few years ago, though, where the mayor of Haderslev wanted a bilingual Danish-German city sign to accommodate the minority in the area, and was met with furious resistance and nation-wide media coverage
Men jeg har aldrig hørt nogen bruge lort
The best water I ever drank was at my grandfathers house who had dug his own well and got his own ground water
So yeah, they expected everyone to have learned it by that age
How is it like in Switzerland
Nothing, friend
Please, as a student, I did that _before_ it was popular, and to top it off, I would use the bag as a garbage bag after it got too used to be able to carry groceries
That would make the flag much more white.
You're right, I meant in the Nordics
Both, we dont, untill someone find some
I'd be lying if I said it doesn't reek of a degree of ingratitude
Same here, unfortunately we barely even have winters anymore it seems
Start with the real bad stuff:  The Reliant Robin
I'd hate it if they'd threaten to shut down the theater because they allow plays that paints Christian family values in good light, or a comedian who mocks atheists
It is much more likely they haven't heard anything new or from that country, so they can't place themselves in either positive, negative or neutral
Not the wisest thing to say in an airport
I'm of the personal belief that the smaller the country the better.
He doesn't want anyone contradicting him and anyone who does gets fired and replaced by another yeah sayer.
you can drive from one end to the other in a day
Yes very normal here in Denmark and it is delicious
There are slight differences here and there in things like building styles and stuff and then there's obviously a language difference, but otherwise it basically felt like being back in Denmark which really surprised me
Which is also why it sort of annoys me when the Swedes and Norwegians make fun of us for it
if the building isn't in great shape, with holes in the roof and crevaces under windows, then that'll take its toll on the insulation
There are 3 people in the frame
Right wing nationalism is on the rise fortunately.
Well to be fair the AfD is also basically a nazi party.
As the others have said, I have no idea how the EU works.
I dunno, I still see a lot of swedes here everyday, but I can't say if it's mostly for the alcohol or just a popular trip to make.
Ahh right sorry my bad
On a weekday completely walkable
We do, but it is not that common
For students like me, there's an option called Ungdomskort, which allows you to travel for "free" everywhere within zone 1 to zone 99 (so basically all of Zealand), if you pay around 650kr per month, and then you also get cheaper tickets for the rest of the country
There was an article about the Far right populist parties in Europe and the DDP somehow ended up as the least far right of the lot.
For instance, my accent is non-rhotic (no final Rs), but I do use the linking r, which I wasn't even conscious of until recently
I'm also not an expert on polish politics but the fact that they prefer so cooperate with Syriza makes me think that they are also part of the same populist left movement
The EU is only a couple of decades old, and the end of the century is 84 years away.
I'll probably look for danish comments if I have something to contribute with in a country specific question, but other than that Ioften skip danish comments
The skinny guy is actually called cannabis
And wine
[Obligatory]
(love that site)
Means they're not going to run off after they screw the country.
Remember these cannons were in commission when there were solely wooden ships on the sea
Thanks Bulgaria for producing my IKEA Glasses
Bonus: it's much more reliable than what people who live in the country and don't need work visas *think* the rules might be.
It more than I can be bothered to count
Yeah, not so much
Don't you have smartphones in Germany
I still have it on VHS
If smaller than those, I would define them as 'small'ish
I can't believe ~~80~~50,5% of the Turkish population in Denmark voted *for* the current regime
When we press the horn of a car we'd call the sound a "båt" (or more often a "dyt")
It shouldn’t be the next lingua franca because it is a completely irrelevant language outside of the country and Greenland
Yeah it's very big
Maybe don't associate it with fascism and extreme nationalism.
Many years ago I worked together with German developers
By plane to Barcelona, and then train to Tarragona.
So from the news articles I have read it is targeted at all Australians travelling to London.
Meaning it's farfetched or meaning the same as 'it's greek to me'
Don't mind 'em as long as they act according to law.
I think we have a perfect level of debt.
I got no idea what is going on
We are not going to prop up leaders there.
"Jeg skal lige en tur lige på det lille hus" - "I have to go to the little house", is a polite way of saying that you need to the toilet
Late to the party as usual, but maybe someone will still see it..
* Italy: Same with Italy with food and football as well
I love you
Please don't tell me this is even a remote possibility
And you've got adult ones too, with a certain satire one in particular having achieved cult status
Imagine writing an o and then making a c in the middle
You’re just a little too blue
As far as I know, most lecturers have taken a 6 months teaching course, after getting there cand.
Article 17 - Right to property
I'd say it would be:
It is sometimes cheaper to take a flight across the channel rather than a train
Connecting Jutland and Sweden* ;)
Which will translate in reluctance for an intervention, which could be counter-productive.
Just like in the US, it (under that name at least) is a movement dominated by 14-year-old white basement-dwellers with no experience of (or contact with) the real world, so they're not very relevant.
In fact, it forms a gradient, with the easternmost parts of the country around Kent and East Anglia having the most Anglo-Saxon DNA, and the west having the least
"Å" means small river and "hus" means house.
And you base that on what
I think they were initially puzzled with the answer but clearly realised we were just very random in our vacation picks
It's very nice imo
I biked 8 km yesterday
It isn't bad that services improve, but it's bad that the other segments aren't, since UK already is far from self sustained on both industrial or agricultural production, an increase that exclude those sectors create greater dependency for UK on foreign trade.
I like how the rest of Scandinavia refers to this as “the Nordic/Scandinavian model”, while Sweden refers to this as “the Swedish model”
Because Copenhagen is Sweden
Trade-schools have it hard as well, as they also lack proper funding, and because of the insecurities tied to many of the trades, have a hard time attracting students
In Jutland, we have quite a lot of fields, often a few kilometers away from any houses, and atleast like 20km from a little town
English - 100%
How on earth is this level of immigration sustainable in the medium/long term?
Literally according to the definition of the word "civilian".
My own grandmother was even part of it, and can still recall shocking and traumatising events from her childhood about living in the resistance
Eruptions are rarely "predictable" down to a human timescale, and there's no guarantee that the next eruption at Yellowstone is gonna be on a scale that clickbait articles wants you to be afraid of
This does not however means that DF is obligated to support the policies Venstre argued for.
Went to work/school and then had a lot to do in my free time
He wanted selfies and videos of me so he could show it to his son which were at about my age
You don't even wanna know the things we have done to your tacos hombre
Your idea of a perfect world would mean *zero* diversity on the planet.
Hmm still shame on them :)
Slovakiet - Slovakia
I've heard that they also stand on vending machines to finish their drinks, sounds really bizarre
Not in my experience
[Hun er min Volvo B18
Rundetårn I like - it's a good way to see the city, plus the building is interesting
It might be because I'm in uni, so most of my friends and social circles are in their early twenties.
Agree now that I look at it
So a gay sailor
Yeah that's right
Create a more peaceful world in which fewer people need to become refugees.
I used to play videogames with a bunch of northerners once, and for about 2 years I thought they would actually go drink tea with their family whenever they said “gotta go, tea’s ready”.
, I was happy to discover the 20 kr
Aren't there also strict rules for how you can store weapons
If there is a decent democratic mandate, areas should be allowed to break away
>Skriðdreki = tank (military)
I found some old english essays i wrote in 9th grade, fucking butchered the grammar
Not at all - Tøser literally just means girls
I also wondered
But if you're just getting by while studying they'll likely not ask you to pay
I love the Finns’ culture and country but I won’t have any of that Finland is Scandinavian nonsense
Besides fascist and national socialist how no chance to ever get in gouverment in any European country
Well, Denmark doesn't even have a national day, lol
Eggs in Denmark are refrigerated, and we're part of the EU
Are they cows
The only sell them in systembolaget in Sweden.
Falster in Denmark damn
As a person from Jylland living in Copenhagen, the last part rings so true
What /u/TheFischkopp said
Because of the Utøya-attack, Norway had a 2
Says the country that has multiple times been under Danish rule  We might be retarded, but what does that make you
I'm joking around here, but the whole thing was all over the news in Denmark a couple of years ago.
I think its very sad that all those minks have to be killed
I guess I shouldn't be surprised
If it hadn't been for his Iranian name and slightly darker skin tone, you'd never have known he wasn't just another Dane
But as it is, the EU is the best we've got and it's downright stupid not to acknowledge that.
The words have never carried that much meaning for me at all, so I tend to be slow to say them and never say them that often.
Also they have one of the largest estimated percentages of reported rapes in the world.
It's also interesting to note that other health organizations have responded to their statements pretty much calling bs, and american health organizations never have a rebuttal, nor do they ever seem to respond to the statements of any other health organization
As a Dane I will still get "Peter Schmeichel" and "Brian / Michael Laudrup" when traveling
Still need a denmark tag
Me too, I thought pebernødder were a Danish thing
Because the other Nordic children play so booooring
They have been punished enough already, wouldn't you say
But I'm hopeful
Germany too, just because I love Germany
in denmark we are a few funny cities names like our capital which if you translate it right its buy a dock, aarhus which is year house, københoved, which looks like københavn our capital the diffence is one is in jylland the other is in sjælland, and one roughly translate to something legal and expensive and the other is a buy a head, we have a cities named barrels, we a town named taller, blue water is also one, an ironic name my hometown esbjerg which roughly translate to ace mountain and if you know denmark youd know why, have a town named the road, we have a town named odder which is the word for otter in danish and there is no otter there, we have one that translate to beer good, and sædding which is sperming, of course we also have the town named cum or sæd
I mean this is the kind of thing my grandpa experienced as a child
Even though the Atlantic is cold, it's still above the freezing point, meaning we have a constant stream of 3-7C wind blowing in our direction.
So no Estonian flags
[Here's more about it, in case you are interested] This thing is completely unprecedented in modern Danish history
They even had a little enclosure where they could take a break
But right now it is a positive thing.
I think they’re the same
It's sort of a lighthearted joking thing.
Bøvl: a huge bother
The law is not to be made or written for the special benefit of any man, but according to all their best interests, who live in the land
but i dont believe it's a common thing at all
Cannabis is more likely to permanently damage you cognitive abilities than either of those two others
- Greenland
It's in no way representative
you would have to experience it yourself to understand it
Why would the new currency automatically be worthless?
Ofc that's not true, but if I told that to a fellow Dane, there would be good chance of them believing it
Just if the person is hot or not
Being a big area, actually owned by the military - few people other than people in their summerhouses live here
The weather is too damn hot
It gives them knowledge of other cultures and hopefully an open mind
Pretty sure I just confirmed it
So a lot of capital is hidden away (by the big companies/rich?), rather than being invested or otherwise utilized.
Her response was not as I expected, she seemed a bit offended and just responded “nej, du MÅ ikke” = “no, you MAY not”.
Ever heard of MÆRSK, Ikea, Spotify, Lego, Nokia
Loads of people from here seem to think that strong accents are somehow a "fyn og jylland"-thing
We usually use templates of old children programmes
Yeah it was quite frustrating living in Hamburg
When you are applying for jobs, which university you went to is irrelevant
But those countries are also located next to Syria.
" when he shows up for the 5th time that week, but if it's a friend you see less often who shows up to your yearly Christmas party or whatever, he'd be more likely get a hug
I mean, I dont complain, it's nice to bring the leftovers home for a midnight snack, but that concept was so foreign to me
"nobody was using the lanes, so we've decided to not make them permanent"
but yea, fuck this heat
That's really interesting, and TIL, so thanks
Imagine what it must have been like to be an explorer in those times
I assume it depends on location, only 1 guy in my class back when i was a kid had a middle name, but speaking with someone from Copenhagen he said basically everyone has one
And if you go to the other parts of the Kingdom you suddenly have the Faroese Islands and Greenland
We have several "blunt D's" which are D's you can't hear
I like our Danish PM, but if we absolutely had to replace her, I would like to have the Finnish PM
Shouldn't companies be expected to keep a reserve instead of doling out every bit of profit (and sometimes more than that) to stockholders
we used to have the budget at ~400 euro but it was way too low
There's always that one guy who doesn't try to avoid it and every other Dane feels secondhand embarrassment as it sounds horrible
However, most people assume you use Gmail
Some where adopted, but most stayed in the orphanage
Grenades had been used in Malmö and ~~Swedes thought they were coming through from Denmark~~ concerned about where the grenades were coming from, Swedes upped border security
manner, to carry out a lawful arrest or to prevent the escape of a prisoner or a person
Sweden gets offended by a joke, then crosses Øresund and tries to kill everyone
Bare vent til Østersøen fryser over
I'm late AGAIN
Jeg kan ikke forstå dig for alt det gylle der sprøjter ud af din mund
I know mild part compatibility and some different things regarding files, but mostly modding and playing games
Igen
It would, it really, really would
Yes
Any beer that is just mildly aromatic benefits greatly from [a glass like this] or [this] from the two very non-foreign breweries, De Dolle Brouwers and the legendary Rodenbach
Overall people are neutral to atheists like me
You're not allowed in our club
And I believe it was about 200 years ago, to stop the sand dunes from blowing everywhere - they planted the area with a special strong grass types and pine trees
If it's someone you already know it depends on how well you know them, whether or not you shake hands or exchange a hug
Omnomnom, I like your taste in desserts :D
In fact, in my anecdotal experience, it tends to be more trashy and lower class kids who use iPhones, due to them being the ones with a mindset of anything other than apple being inferior
Are you implying that the wider europe isn't familiar with danish childrens shows
ah yes, a man that both Norwegians and Danes can agree is great (not so sure about Sweden tho)
>One thing is that our right-wing populist and anti-immigrant party has been in coalition governments with the rest of the centre-right parties since 2001, so they have had a very large influence on how asylum seekers, refugees and immigrants are talked about in the media and are constantly pushing the racism laws on whats acceptable and with their and other right-wing anti-immigrant parties growth, the centre parties and social-democrats havn't fought back fearing backlash in the elections, against "harsher laws", making it possible to deport refugees to war zones, putting whole families where one is a criminal into "camps" etc,
Our relationship goes back a lot longer.
Which we basically supply the whole north with
From an outsider perspective, I would say the Opera House in Oslo
Did curry, as we know it today, exist or be known all the way back then
as it is at least materially identifiable
Germans/English/Netherlands/**Scandinavians**
"*That's ridiculous
well
Statistically responsible for 1-2 deaths each year
The US isn't the only place with a political spectrum.
What are you afraid of
It is not seen as bad taste
According to the article people were trying to help him but he refused the life rings that where thrown to him.
Also, I kinda don't want to live paycheck to paycheck the rest of my life just so I can live in Copenhagen
Snow is unlikely, and temperatures are unlikely to go below the freezing point (except maybe for a few hours during the night).
understanding of ourselves
But even then it still looks wrong, the marsh area to the west is definitely not as closely populated as e.g.
Job wise, it's usually a lot of service industry jobs
My father is American, my mother is Danish
The most beloved one is Faxe Kondi but there are also Carlsberg Sport, Jolly Time and some others
Damn
Their "longboats" still need some work
Your hatred and manophobia is showing.
We were the first country to legalize porn
It's not a dialect because you pronounce something different
I can't speak for Odense but where i'm from we had snow in the beginning of last year
Public transport is great and getting around the city is easy - especially on a bike
I agree that the German police might have been a bit more careful about what they wrote on Twitter.
The Lego minifigures are not copyrighted, they are trademarked
The only thing that's stopping me from doing it in other European countries is that horrible chlorine taste in some places
i see a lot of broken bikes that are never moved
Are they cutting down the trees to make farm land or something
His slogan is something like "The guardian of the community, soldier of freedom, light of the Danes"
Yes, that's true, but Iceland actually had an Icelandic king
The Danish expression for cringy, be it on your own or someone else's behalf, is tåkrummende
Democracy is idiots voting for another guy that hire relative smart people to run the country.
Also happened in Denmark
Print currency which will devaluate the currency and cause moderate inflation
Agreed
I think we have them on all trains except the metro in Copenhagen and the light rail in Aarhus
Nowadays you look odd at people who eat fries without any kind of mayo
Although today I learned that kefir is Polish apparently
Moderate politics if people you want more extreme politics
I don't think "Alexander the Great was a Slav" really counts as an "interpretation" of history
no, its a film version of the opposite.
But then I saw "Old Man Frost".
What about et lamt lam
I don't see what's protective about the new kind
Him: “Aweso-“
It gives the place a more cozy and "natural" look to me
Why are you a fascist if I may ask, I can understand preserving culture and traditions part of it but so often these movements get taken over by crazy anti Jewish conspiracy theorist.
I actually love the "handshake + one arm hug thing" it's not as intimate as a hug, but at the same time is less formal than a handshake alone
I've always thought it sounded strange
I generally try to fly EasyJet or Norwegian instead of Ryanair though
But in English you just call it “at”, right
On the non-cake or food side, I have yet to see anyone bring in a card for everyone to sign, but one colleague got a small flowering plant for her office when she came back from maternity leave
The pay gap for those professions between the US and most of Northern Europe isn't that great (and is inverted in some cases).
What kind of life science are you specifically looking for
It is interesting how much the Netherlands remind me of my own country.
Akvavit, snaps and beer
Yeah, he would probably be fairly middle of the road, perhaps a social democrat.
He would prefer to be alone, but he's in it for the image and benefits
Tak tag
Super modern and interactive
Denmark is absolutely a contributor, and more per capita than UK ever was AFAIK, but contrary to UK we don't complain about it all the time.
We don't even have this in Danish.
if I want a new experience
Iceland: Keiko (free Willy)
Denmark saved so many jews, and it was mainly doable thanks to sweden - gotta admit that
3 Years and 6 more General elections
Hjælp Jeg Er En Fisk is also a really good one
For example, we don’t have a restaurant culture because it’s just too expensive
Norge er altså ikke en del af EU :-)
This could be a cool place for an Assassin's Creed game
You pay for it with taxes
^^^riiiight
Falling oil and gas prices are the primary cause.
#TeamCeres
Whats wrong with "lide", the same as "like" in English or more or less the same as "gilla" in Swedish?
It's a lovely place to go on holidat but by now there's not much else left
In my native Danish, "everything" would be "alting".
" type stuff mostly seems to be left wing nonsense from my experience
You too ️
He totally missed the point of this video.
Go poverty
Store at room temp
What's next
In Danish and I think other Scandinavian languages we have the word “grød”, which covers both oatmeal but also things like rice porridge
IT'S NOT NORMAL
And as always, be polite
Just always wondered since I've only seen it from dutch speaking people
I was joking about his typo
At any rate, considering ones own traditional names ugly seems to me like cultural self-loathing
Especially at night
I just want to make it clear that isn't available all over the country
I think I just baffled him so much by asking for it back quite sternly
Basically, the i-form is used for when you're already in position
Great, best choice I have is to pick a party that didn't vote
[It's time for large scale debt forgiveness]
Our tapwater is near perfect
Yes
0-10 = chilly
> Would an European federaion opress people
4 cases per 100 000 population
All was really calm and seemed normal
How do you determine if a law was an error?
[Danish penal code § 13]
There's just a time and a place for it
They also voted no to staying
Learning to read it is easy enough, learning to speak it is a whole other ball game
Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland to name some
Literally did not go a week without hearing a Randers joke for all 8 years I lived there
Winter depressions
German could also use *doch* a lot
Like calm down it’s just a freaking statue
Probably will not do it, for the simple reason that as long as we have the peg, the politicians can not mess with the currency
At her parent's wedding anniversary they had to split the party into "those who understand Bornholmsk" and "those who don't". I'm not kidding either
Actually, the top 10 of studies, thst are the hardest to get in to, include Aarhus and Odense;
What that essentially means is that the regions have similar climates (equally wet, misty, etc
I suppose you could call a woman a "feltmadras" today but it just wouldn't make any sense so it's not really done
Thus, it was considered a passage so tight that only a cat could pass through easily
A proper purge
I feel like scandinavian history is often just seen as the Viking era, when a lot more had happened throughout time
H - Brint
"what if they miss and shoot too far" briefly entered my mind
Late as usual but don't forget Risalamande.
000 words because we barely understand our own language as you swedes probs already know lmao so our situation is still not great
Besides looking at previous waves of refugees, a whole lot of people end up staying despite being a refugee is supposed to be temporary.
Works fine from here - anyway - old rome liked that square north/south layout.
We weren't able to protect you during WW2, and we completely understand that you wanted to be independent
Imo there’s nothing interesting going on in Sweden that you won’t be able to read about in english on thelocal
Walking and hiking is special
Although I've been told that churches in the US are tax exempt, so I'd expect them to be more reliant on the individual churchgoer and less publicly funded, making the advertisements a good idea
For some reason I remember the top photo
Limbo was pretty good, but i don't really know any other ones
The first one is recognized by Russia, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Nauru and Syria
Besides, the rest of you guys don't even know how to bike.
Morten Helveg PETERSEN
I don't remember which episode number
And higher if you subtract the old population.
I can't help but notice the [MG 3] on top
And yet here you are confused by the difference between "pretend the biggest problem is immigration" and "pretend immigration is not a problem."
Another 1000 liters of Milk
Har du nu også fået svenskhed i ørerne eller hvad
And that's what we call proper outreach
Though I can see you mostly did the capital thing since borders don't show on the map it makes it look a bit weird is all, what with it not being entirely consistent (Some countries get more than one city, some don't, some don't get a city at all
Plus energy consumption will likely increase in Norway as a result of growth in your heavy industries (oil, aluminium etc) and household consumption (electric cars etc)
Well, we're quite good with submarines in Denmark, lots of
Or voting *for* letting tax reliefs for working class expire (Hillary voted against, btw).
- Norway
If you ever have had a beer from cask you will know they are very light in carbonation, similar to what Guinness aims to mimick with the nitrogen
Yea true
Well, Denmark also worked willingly with the Nazis
They recently made a political alliance with the social democrats and people are speculating that they could form a gouverment together in the future.
I've spent countless Easter and autumn holidays in Moniga del Garda not far from Sirmione
My girlfriend is Mexican and everyone I meet in Mexico makes that kind of joke XD
You tend to notice the English loanwords when you listen to the other Scandinavian language if their loanwords are different
What harsh sanctions do we have slapped on Russia that are harsher than banning tourism?
It's like sprite but better
I know my grandfather was tjenestemand, which isn't a thing anymore but used to be quite prestigious, so he would say something like  "tjenestemand (name), (place)", well into his retirement years
They are probably correct we are pretty special.
We still practice the tradition of Jul or (Yule in old Nordic/German ) in Denmark
Some days I take an holder retro 26" Mountain Bike setup with modern gears, dynamo light and a rack
We actually used the term "tysker tøs" as well, but it's only that entire term that's negative in Denmark, not the term "tøs" in general
Gotta beat them to the reichstag fire.
It has to be abstract, it has to be elegant, and it has to be logical.
I for one don't feel sorry for them.
It's complete bullshit, just like the stories on no so called "no-go zones".
I used to work in a company where employees were mostly from Norway, Sweden and Denmark, with a few people from the Netherlands and Finland too.
At least if you're some sort of 'lefty' like me:
If you speak a germanic language it's very obvious
so do we have no salmonella or do we have "no salmonella"?
Sorry, not European - culturally, geographically or at all
Always has been
When we moved to Brussels in the mid-90's I remember the scaffolding being on the building, I don't remember ever having seen the building without it, and apparently they [won't be done be done before 2028] Apparently budget cuts to the cleaning have been so bad that the old scaffolding literally rusted to the building, forcing them to start over
The Crusades required a religion that wanted its followers to kill for it, so that of course could not happen until the Vikings had accepted Christ.
* Knepholt (Knep means to fuck, holt sounds like "Halt
Also, it's not an "open faced sandwich", it's fucking smørrebrød
How can someone set a number for sick days
My personal nomination would be this: [Jeg vil la' lyset brænde] or maybe [Vågner i natten]
I think it makes a lot of sense.
Or as the Norwegians call it “the 400 years night”.
You see lots of Danes moving to Southern Sweden to save money and housing prices might be one of the reasons.
Idk, I know plenty of people my age (20s)that still speak thybomål or sønderjysk, who are able to turn it on and off
I've heard it explained as the French tolerating political corruption for the right reasons, i.e.
he doesn't judge the persons ability to tell what to do in certain situations on the road
Their ’logic’ is that the pig indirectly represents the HK resistance towards the mainland
Do you really think it makes sense to give people that might never have loved Italy the right to vote in you're election?
Depending on how we view the 'near' future, I'd say that this is very much possible
Im pretty sure Denmark doesn't have the â
Yes
You're absolutely free to keep your kids at home and teach them whatever you chose, but don't expect society to pay you for it
So in her Norwegian ears I asked her “do I have to pay
Same as in existing drywall, for new you create a groove to lay it in then plaster over, or add plastic cable lines that you can draw the cable inside
I really only started appreciating this after I came home from backpacking in SE Asia
I've been questioned about it several times, though - it sounds just Jutish enough that Copenhagener's find it quaint, but just Copenhagenish enough that Jutes find it foreign
Er faktisk lidt nysgerrig
So I don't blame you
No Scunthorpe either
No we aren't!
**Sweden:** Norway's old friend
I bet the wind adds -5 degrees at least tho, my ears nearly froze off today :O
Both are big, new and fancy, but don't let being "new and fancy" compromise too much with being interesting and informative
In the end Scotland has the decide what's best for it, staying with the U.K and leaving the EU, or seceding and go through the long be frustrating proces of joining the EU.
Considering that the word no has been briefly banned in Turkey its probably difficult to tell what effect anything has on the referendum.
Yea usually cheer for Iceland, Norway and Finland
I only knew that some of the big waste-to-energy combustion units in Denmark and Sweden need more waste
Oh great
It didn't?
I'm thinking countries smaller than and maybe including Luxembourg
Something well-intentioned but completely misjudged and ill-timed.
And even that isn't really that accurate overall
When dealing with skewed distributions, the median will sometimes be a better measure as it ignores e.g. the billionaires - people I assume you didn’t mean to compare yourself to
We have Greenland and the Faroe Islands
Aarhus: people Call Aarhus Capital of Jylland, culture Capital 2017, one of the oldest cities in Denmark
* Oh my God, he actually didn't present nationality in a pie-chart this time
I feel utterly bad to say I agree with u/ehnej, and that I don't need more friends than the ones from my childhood who are still my friends
Luckily, Denmark abolished wartime death penalty in 1978
Its like The Donald just for the opposite side
I grew up in Greenland, so if you want to travel by helicopters(which is quite common), Norwegian pilots are regularly hired by travel agencies because of their experience in flying through fjords.
At least they're buried and not just stuck on poles
Also, yeah, I see the irony of this being unsupported claims, but I am too busy to back this up at the moment
I am not sure what is the point the poster is trying to make with this video.
Which leaves me with England
What news aggregator do you use?
blue and green line are new alternate routes
I know that Erdogan is of Georgian origin he famously said "They called me a Georgian.
Which is why Ireland is currently in court over Apples 14 billion euro tax bill
I wonder if they are called respirators in Kenya, or whether this article was picked up from a foreign news agency that wasn't aware of the difference
Thinking a tiny backwards country could defeat Prussia AND Austria in a war in 1864
But it's mostly pennies in the big budget.
Edit: You can also use it to tell the time, when the sun is at it's highest
They just changed the spelling so it looks like it was written by a child who can’t spell right, nevertheless it actually makes sense to write it like that
Well I wouldn't translate "tryk" to push that'd be "skub"
Why don’t the company distribute these foods to poor people as Finland do ?
but it does for cheese, juice, milk and such
Don't know if there's a song in particular, but the artist Kim Larsen was top of his game for 50 years, he tried to break through outside Denmark but it didn't work out
>Irish politicians have held numerous top jobs in the EU
We have Tuborg Squash (orange soda) that is more or less as popular as Fanta and Hancock Sport Cola which is a mix between cola and lemon-lime soda (Sprite)
Definitely
Siger tyskeren
Ain't cheap bro
Edit: just remembered Cents exist, the price is 40 cents
We really do
According to my dictionary from when I was learning German "tussen" in German is the same "luder" in Danish, which means whore or "kælling" which is an old word for "old woman" which now means something more in the line of "bitch". Tøs, in general, is always either positive (often used by adults to girls/women or between girls themselves as an endearing term for a person who is young and female) or neutral
We chat in the driveway if we meet
Some of the processes of building national identities and nationstates that we in the West went through 100-150 years ago are taking place right now
Come have a beer in Cph sometime
I wouldn't say that dining time is the absolute highlight of the day in the north - at least not in a regard higher than "yay, time to fill the belly"
My own country, Denmark, is a prime example of a country that does it.
Kinda
Except for Copenhagen I would say Herning, Silkeborg, Aarhus and Odense
As you the treaty of Rome that was not something that was ever had a clear mandate directly from the european people.
Now imagine catholic Lord of the Rings:
It is more something that happened fifteen years ago or so.
everything else that your gun culture currently has an impact on.
MeToo
It is unfortunately a bit out of the city and they are not re-stocked so often
It really just depends on the person, tbh
Waves may spash as high as two meters up the walls [...]
I agree with you that the current direction is far from ideal, both with the cabinet not being elected for this mandate and with the simple majority of 52%.
40 €. It's a bit cheaper than a bottle of water
Or what kind of food should be served in Kindergarten or if people are allowed to wear religious symbols
No need to be skeptical of things if our government just tells us what is true and what isn't.
I didn't think about the fact that all the expressions had been translated
Sweden improved last year, so no they're not in freefall.
If you drain the canal, the wood might rot and the buildings may cave in and collapse.
[Yeah buddy, that's just like straight up not true
*Danish or Norwegian
A virgin tribal woman found him and he followed, but her intentions were not good
The "surety" is unnecessary if you have a court system and law enforcement system that functions the way it should
Jungledyret Hugo 1 & 2 are pretty nostalgic to me
The cargo bike can handle bigger items than my compact car
Bruh
Places like the Faroes are also pretty out of the way, so that adds a lot of time.
Or that might be Russia I'm remembering
Understandable when they have finally come to a place where they are free to express and live how they want, and western countries keep importing people that made that impossible in the place they come from.
And you can get them in any good hardware or kitchenware store
It's a spineless double standard, and the president of all people acting upon it is ridiculous.
In Denmark it's tradition to say "how the hell are we hiking on a mountian
Well, many beers outside of heavy gravity stuff like doppelbock, barleywine and imperial stout usually gets stale about 3/4ths through
Pretty cool I’d say
Do you mean Swedish
To a Scandinavian, Icelandic spelling makes perfect sense
Although some people don't mean it as a joke, which just makes it funnier
This may sound like the slippery slope fallacy
I have never been comfortable in short sleeves or shorts for that matter if it is under 15 C. Although in Denmark you see a ton of people wearing summer clothing by the beginning of March
Tell me more, tell me more
The cost isn't from the method (well, not really).
Really
I'm going to have to agree with the Brit.
Absolute classic
What is the CIS ? Also it’d be really great to see the map of this data because some countries are interchangeable in the sense of regions
He is asking for reasons why is should be prohibited.
It was ok to begin with, but got played too much and now nobody really wants to hear it anymore
A surprise to me
Really brave
It clearly depends on which source you look at then, ecauee just by a quick google i found several sources (most governmental or NGOs) that claims the Danish tap water is amongst the best in the world :)
Nope
But measured data is likely to be completely wrong as an average as well unless you actually call in everyone for an annual official measurement.
Don't forget;
The truth is out there
They said the Christiania bike would be “the car of the future”.
You are absolutely right I didn't even notice, it's corrected now.
**Aarhus:** Copenhagen, but uncool
So most people of that generation has a decent understanding, while ours is pretty lost
I think it might be more popular in some areas.
Is The Auld Alliance about to be reinstated
The Danish EU politician Jens Rohde described opponents of the bills as "net communists". After concerned citizens started to write him emails, he classified them as "spam" and said he had been hacked
Irland er ikke en del af det forenede kongeriget
So it has been for 358 years, 11 months and 8 days.
No, as long as you can drive safely [it's okay
But most Danes speak Denglish very well
Depends what you want
Damn things have either changed in recent years or I have been lied to!
Still use it as my main mail
well
So much so that what Danes call "nature" is what others would describe as industrial farming
Sure some people will go like "wow, weed can be my medicine, that's sick brah", but since the majority of the population isn't stoner dudebros, an alternative is needed
> I gave that example because Roman empire was an example of a great multiethnic empire
If I moved to China, I wouldn't want to live in weird fake version of my own country.
Denmark is one of two countries in the world to have more than one national anthem, the other being New Zealand
We do in Denmark every February, and I know it''s common in Austria as well
Same here in Denmark
Would be nice with a little more context
Huh that’s actually true for Denmark too, but for parties (with drinking) only
For actual heating purposes
People don't even want the Euro up here
You are a traitor to the kebab course /jk
In Russia, meanwhile, much of the country used to speak different languages until recently
Denmark has two beer brands called Maribo and Harboe, I can understand why he thought it was Danish
As it is, most of that is due to it being a mostly working class city, which carries with it a lot of prejudices
They actually *are* related, both deriving from Proto-Germanic *bikwemaną. The semantic break is interesting, but not too complicated:
Is this also the case the other way around
I'm surprised Denmark isn't near the top with those weirdly high taxes
I don't care whether people want to claim my *nationality*, but it does kind of rub me the wrong way when they try to claim that they have some kind of special bond with me, that they're part of my culture because their great grandfather was born in the vicinity of where I live.
I think this is great
What do you mean
Denmark kind of kept Norway as a fiefdom for 600 years or so, and we had the poor taste of calling it a "Union", which it wasn't exactly
"Boyfriend" and "girlfriend" are both *kæreste* (dearest)
We raised the general limit from 110 to 130 a couple of years ago
The issue wasn’t fixed, but the West now had both a debt crisis and an interest crisis (banks were charging 20-25% additional interest because of fears of government devaluation) along with it
Like if you dropped them in the country they COULD survive using it.
Iceland is sorta the little brother that drifted away but when you finally meet it’s like you’re best friends
A few years ago I was there via Euroscola and held the opening speech for Denmark
> Speaking Danish
Real data that can be pulled from verifiable data.
Not from Denmark, its in Norwegian
Please don't put us in the same box as the Swedes
Or do they want a US how it is now.
That would exclude practically all Scandinavian and Centraleuropean countries, while also making places like Tunis European
I assume many Danes aren't surprised by how the US is doing, but given that this is in the wake of the whole Greenland/Canceled Visit Trump egotrip, I would assume that made the view even worse
These are all different genres
Yeah, it must be Merkel who did it.
No-one uses them though, for obvious reasons
The goal to make as much as possible actual forests
Ok, go ahead
This is something that weirds me out, when I was in church last time in Romania
Worth noting that not all Franks switched to Vulgar Latin/Proto-French
He could come in first, and Rutte wouldn't have to care.
Was about to ask why, Austrians seem quite efficient.
Not between the three largest indoeuropean groups at least
It also really depends on what you are studying
Artwork by Jeremy Banks, *Banx*
They don't seem to have any consistent rule for it.
The electoral college itself isn't really the main problem, though.
So much was lost - I think it is telling that Shakespeare, though he wrote plays set in ancient Britain, Denmark, Italy and Scotland, wrote no plays whatsoever set in Anglo-Saxon England, which in the 16th century still constituted roughly half of all English history
I am probably unreasonably salty about this, but when your language gets called ugly over and over again and you’re interested in languages, it gets to you
One of my favourite restaurants in Copenhagen is a galette restaurant
Maybe it's related to the fact that you know people come and go and usually don't last more than 100 years, while there's just some sort of expectation that old cultural heritage will be around forever
We don't use nicknames
I don’t know if my friend group is weird or people stop doing it when they’re older (we’re around 18 ish) or what the deal is
The USA stimulated the crap out of its economy after the financial crisis, the Fed pumping out money like crazy.
(Personal opinion) no Euro and we have to do mathematics whether we travel outside our country, same with foreigners who have euros who visit here
The unhappy people kill themselves off, so they don't count in the statistics
* Solar: 3,4 %
There's 2 in Copenhagen already selling for 15 and 20 kr
You can supliment with a low interest loan every month if you should need a little extra
Hear a siren
This is the main difference between Sweden and Denmark
“Some tourist is walking on the bike lane - be prepared to get E.X.E.C.U.T.E.D.”
Yup
> The Vittoriale degli Italiani is an amazing place to visit
Thank you for the best war ever
As someone with a masters degree in History: you are remembering wrong
* Switzerland: World class research, innovation etc
And the restaurant (or whatever) keeps the difference
As long as it does at least as much as my current one, I am satisfied
My thermometer registered a sweltering **17°C!**
You were responding to OP, who was talking about Low German, which is what this entire conversation was about
But yeah, this is a fucking mess
ANAAAAA~~~ MAEBAAAAAAAA~~~
Let's chill and watch a chilly movie in a chilly place
Looking behind the van was like 8 guys with masks and guns about to do a full on robbery, so we just floor it and drive around the van
>Melting point	1811 K ​(1538 °C, ​2800 °F)
dk] article about how Christian the 2nd was viewed in Sweden and in Denmark:
Which is understandable really
Btw I noticed the other guy also lives in Finland and I'd need someone to go pick up my 78 slabs of meat
"The bridge was up" is common in Copenhagen if you are transporting to or from Amager
Forever Young and Big In Japan by Alphaville are classics
Source: I forgot about it until I read your comment
> In fact, people will often ask people to try their nice drink, so that they too can enjoy it
If you don't integrate you'll always be "The Norwegian" to the people around you in another country
One uses qwerty with a Danish layout, and another uses qwerty with a UK layout
Mange pølsevogne sælger dog gerne kradsere hvis man spørger, men man skal være forberedt på at blive afvist
I think this is a regional difference
BJ becomes PM
6 months of summer, 3 months of spring, 3 months of autumn, 0 months of winter
No I’ve only heard seniors use it
So if a single Scottish guy says black people can't be Scottish I guess that's automatically fact as well?
Chicken sounds good, will try as substitute for ham.
You need to shut it or we'll stop producing bacon for you
Again, don't know if other countries have that as well
Came looking for this
That doesn't mean you cannot kill with a knife, but it just takes more effort and you're likely to stop stabbing before you've killed your victim
Sounds like everyone does it here
There are certain papers that cater to the right wing and others that cater to the left wing but it's not really something they try to hide so I have no problem with it.
My calendar says 2017 for some reason.
Well there's a lot of contenders for Denmark, in my opinion
My parents called me (name)"-Chen", which I guess is more German tradition, than danish
Wrong: That's Los Santos from GTA V
These are the things i can remember learnig: plate tectonics, different proffesion types, climate, weather and exports and poduction around the world
edit: And Pikhede
Precisely
On a scale from 1 to 10 hitlers, id say 3 because of our MENA immigrants.
* "
And great people - all slovenians I have met have been amazing
Yea
Why aren't they slav squatting
-Holger Danske
So are they close
Like, have the Copenhageners even heard their own dialect
Being in charge, even for a short period of great challenge, is the most rewarding thing imaginable for a politician.
The few (mostly older) Germans I know do get angry at WW2 jokes, but do you know how true it still is, especially around younger Germans
But how much do people really use that
It's a well known tactic used by old members of USSR.
**Knud den Store** (Cnut the Great, won the throne of England in 1016 in the wake of centuries of Viking activity)
I'm not talking about hydrostatic shock
That would be "the radical *left*" if translated directly but is called "the social liberal party" in English
-Denmark
a little of column A, a little of column B.
Someone on r Overwatch made a thread of "Fuck you Blizzard" over losing 74 SR points when he got disconnected from a comp match without warning as Blizzard updated their policy
I've shot air guns at targets, and I've shot a hunting rifle
Trump won the "Brexit states" (and thus the presidency) because he got more of the black vote than anyone anticipated.
Still makes me tear up when I hear it now
Will Greek be a compulsory for all students or is it just an optional second language that schools can choose to provide?
We say fanden, or Satan
In fact, we've drained so much water since then that I personally grew up on a piece of reclaimed land that didn't previously exist 200 years ago
We really don't like our flag being used as a political symbol not even as a patriotic one
They're not shocking or challenging anything here.
A Dane on vacation to southern sunny Europe using 8 GB of data will be charged less than 20 Euro by the Danish net operator.
I would have loved for the nordics to have more of their military hardware manufacturing and development "in-house".
Aarhus less so because towns nearby have so called 'rivalries' with the town and will shittalk it for days if you allow it - while still liking the city and preferring it over, say, Copenhagen or Odense
If it's a close friend who drops by all the time he may just get a "Hey
But I will occassionally overhear it and they may as well be Japanese for all that I can undertand of it
Yeah, Google results are probably heavily biased depending on your location
If they remain loyal as in Venezuela, nothing happens
It always seems a bit weird to me when Scandinavians complain about the prices
It just feels awkward to me but I’m not a native speaker so disregard me completely
I do know its originally a Russian gun (actually German but anway) but we can see all the different variations of this gun everywhere and Iran is in it too
We have Christian Erikson and Simon Kjær, and a lot of youngters mostly playing at Ajax
This could have all been avoided
There is, I'm sure, some degree of orientalist fascination - the meeting of the familiar and the odd
75 people died
this case is a mental health issue more than anything it seems.
And it’s very common to never get married so someone could’ve been together for 15 years and still kærester
Damn I’d definitely have thought that sjåfør (we spell it chauffør) was a joke if you hadn’t mentioned it
Yes, I have spend a few months there, but visit it quiet a few times afterwards because of work and they are very nordic
Thanks Germany for the cheap everything just across the border
We need to provide them with proper alternatives
Well, everyone that reads the term 'Trumpism' is going to make up their own interpretation of what it means.
I went to Lapland once as a prize from a Game of Thrones competition
Of course, that would mean trying your hand at haggling in broken English with the owner of Vasilis' Sheep and Auto Tradery, but that'll just give you another story to relate when you get home.
It is called a “dromedar”, which I assume comes from dromedary
No one around me really cares, but I always have an hesitation moment before pouring
I honnestly think most people don't even realize you could do it
Tragic on it’s own, but the real mystery is what actually happened that night
What they call '[liberalism]#Americas)' in the US is not what we call liberalism in Europe.
The notion that people actually *live* there, permanently, is a fact quite readily forgotten
Well, it depends on who you ask of course.
The way you treat religion, in Denmark Religion is a private affiar, with a large majority being part of the state church so i guess there is very little religious debate, or discussion here
Central and Northern Europe all have low unemployment levels and lack skilled workers.
1: People, mostly the older generation, who never learned much English, as children, and therefore speak it quite poorly, and of course, with a strong Danish accent
From my understanding, the law says that when you apply for asylum in Denmark, if you carry jewelry of high value with little sentimental value they can be confiscated to help pay for your asylum
And the Senegalese fans dancing with their team during the warm up
We don't. But just as in German you can put random words together to make a new one
60, tres: tre + sinde + tyve - meaning 3 times 20
Like a sort of cultural self-castration
We have gentrification, lack of funding for schools, trade unions are weakening etc
It's like stabbing someone in the face with a knife because you suspect they may have looked at you funny
We can expect them to say whatever they believe will do that
I think the problem is that it tastes like fish
I'm opposed to the direction that the recent(meaning post-Schlüter) compromises with the Liberals have dragged Denmark
Also traditionally, you would find complex brewing cultures in all of Northern Europe, but since they were based on the individual farms, they have almost died out after industrialisation and urbanisation in the mid-19th century
There is so much shitty stuff around østerport now and it sucks
*wrong* to buy a bag of candy on a Tuesday night
I think they did have some sort of remembrance, but no longer
Understandable since your main industries are nothing but tax-evasion and corruption
I'm not entirely sure how it works though and I'm not sure if they have cheese
Søren Kierkegaard
Because that is a thing that happens too, and it sometimes leads to pregnancies.
The real question is: ÆØÅ or ÄÖÅ?
Oh it definitely is mumbling
When I visited Amsterdam I was impressed by how pedestrian/bicycle friendly the city was
Armenia is a certified invader by U.N in this topic and this news is NOT proven
Non English speaking subs are usually quite different from reddit in general, /r/Denmark is bit to the right of the center for example but the tone is usually friendlier than the anglo subs.
I've never seen a house with them
asylum for refugees is because it is.
But there are buildings from 1500, 1600 that are still being used for apartments, stores and other utilitarian purposes
I'll vote on whatever cantidate promises to ban words in political cartoons
Dont think many cared much either or tbh
Most of the time they won't even be true examples of oppression - being disapproved of in a community where most people don't agree with you isn't oppression
Eks:
The ambassador also likely KNOWS it is disrespectful to refuse to shake hands but does so anyway, showing that he is not in a position to be an ambassador
Jean Lassalle sex icon
I’ll be teaching English and history
I know it happened, and i think Mannerheim was important during the war
Yet - are you an Armenian official
Not mock, no
Does the Sinai Peninsula make Egypt an Asian country?
Since then society has gotten more prude and young people today are probably about as prude and insecure about displaying their bodies publicly as in other places
To put it this way: I can picture wolves throughout Jutland (in fact, I've seen one), but I cannot picture them on Lolland
Since there is no real Danish desire to push hardworking self sufficient immigrants out this looks like a highly successful invasion.
Ruth for women and Ernst for men
That's the case for every city on the list.
^^Though ^^you'll ^^have ^^gold!
Examples:
**Southern Jutland:** Racist farmers
We will be gone
&#x200B;
Then it's bad
Finlandssvensk is one of the more easy variants of Swedish in my opinion
>Sooo how do you say 755 278
Someone booking a three month trip to South America all alone is similarly seen as slightly weird by many
Our military is good with its spending and manages to do a lot with what it gets.
Yeah flying to Paris is cheaper for me than going by train just across Denmark
I also bought my teenagers bigger beds
we need very large political action
Great Britian - Storbritanien
If the EU takes a stronger stance on immigration, DFs appeal will completely collapse and along with it much of the anti EU sentiment.
When it became very apparent that it would never be possible to force it through.
“My bike”
Copenhagen leads the pack by a big margin.
And that was it
That I know of at least :)
Ahh, that makes much more sense
Also, Ekofisk is closer to being in the British sector than the Danish one
I thought the Irish government were big on supporting Irish culture
Oh, most definetely
Excactly
It has nothing to do with ethnicity from my experience.
Though to be completely honest, when you look at the demographic of how people vote during elections, it seems more like, the people living in the larger cities, want more immigration and a focus on climate change
I wouldn’t want anything to do with such an institution if it were me
Also the inefficiency was surprising, you could easily spend half an hour queueing in shops or supermarkets, even though there weren't even that many costumers
Atheism is so common here that people generally don't make a fuss of it.
I wouldn't. I would settle down somewhere in Scandinavia where the weather isn't too hot and unbearable
vildt sådan at komplimentere den også. Det eneste sted jeg har prøvet det er ved gynækolog
I am, like (fortunately) my government, absolutely against it.
It's pretty uncomfortable and is a bitch to get off.
Wait, no
The Union can stand no longer we shall split into two entities, the ones who like pineapple and the **Scum!**
a piss-pan-monkey
Well to be fair, while Americans might be more focused on generations, we do have one generation that comes up from time to time - that being "68'er generationen" (Generation of 68')
it's not super common these days i think
as a dane i want these borders for the sole reason that denmark has it's land back
Litauen - Lithuania
The Danish (and probably also others) way: If salmonella is detected in a chicken farm, ~~AOL~~ all of the chickens are destroyed
Most kids in Denmark know some of the fairy tales by Hans Christian Andersen, like "The Emperor's New Clothes", "The Little Mermaid", "The Nightingale", "The Steadfast Tin Soldier", "The Princess and the Pea", "The Snow Queen", "The Ugly Duckling" and so on
Rødgrød med fløde
My written English is far better than my spoken - unless I spend a few days getting used to making, eh..
But if you don't, you might socially and culturally find it not as good as you hoped for
There's still a lot Denmark could and should do to help particularly Greenland, but cutting off the stream of money we're giving them won't solve that
We aren't that scared to be honest, also a poll on the danish sub said that like 30% of us prefer him to Hillary, that was before the election.
* France: The culture and history speaks for itself
We’re just like “if it rains on your birthday it means you’ve been a horrible person”.
some people still use the term "amager halshug" (Amager decapitation) which is a way of saying "i swear, i'm telling the truth"
All hail the glorious and totally democratically elected leader
I don't get it
This current gen consoles are lacklusters, so I'm not gonna buy them.
Because the answer is usually some conspiratorial bullshit about Muslims wanting to take over the world
Biggest in spirit
It is very fun to scroll through  this thread, but on my own language works it not so well
Edit: FYI, no one in Denmark calls York "Jorvik".
So a lot of Aarhus is relatively newly built compared to Copenhagen which has a lot more old buildings
Sun rises around 9:00 and goes down around 15:30 ish
You are assuming that any time you find a commonality between a place in Europe and a place in America, then it is a sign of "Americanization".
Every time I talk to people outside of Europe that is basically what they think is all there is
Population forecasts are rarely 'way off' - we live on average 80 years - and fertility doesn't change suddenly.
The problem for the Danes is that we would be incredibly annoyed if "Europe" tells us to stop a practice that has been implemented since September 1899.
That's not the point I was making
he is partly swedish tho ;)
Varkaus was apparently also an old word for "strait", and the city is located on straits in a lake, so it actually does make sense
There's literally no word that is a worse insult for swedish people than "swede". I see nothing wrong with the map
There is a perception of quality of life index that has been conducted in European cities since 2004.
There is a giant [statue] of her in Copenhagen
That's inherently defeatist attitude
Nice
I'm not sure if it was euthanised publicly, but it was dissected in front of the public for educational means
So yeah, quite a load
I noticed the same thing immediately.
Danish has more phonemes than Norwegian, by a fair bit
Maersk is the largest container shipping company in the world
It's probably does - outside of the nature subjects, I never was taught anything about the stone age
Although some songs that will always get people singing along, at least after a couple of beers, are what we call dansktop
I know what you thinking, it's not Paris
You are perhaps living in Greater Copenhagen without even knowing it:
lol, I thought it was Cities Skylines
Chad doctor
That's not bad can be everything in Denmark
This only increases my respect for the Irish
The contingent was stationed in Southern Tyrol, where they were supposed to guard the Austrian/Liechtenstein border against Italian troops
I feel all sorts of left out but at lest we are on the map
Undskyld, men dannebrog er i brug det er sjældent, ellers skide godt lavet
Eh, I'd be moving to a place where I got paid less, got less annual vacation and worse work conditions in general.
The monks obviously commited suicide to go to heaven instantly
Denmark is unbelivable overrepresented in the media it's insane.
Example:
I personally vote for German, and if not German then French.
it's very odd that people in your country believe that it was an FDR conspiracy.
The eastern region appears to dislike the name
Don't think of it as oppression
It's either danish or swedish, since both countries used to rule over Estland.
Comparing population versus French ?
They drank all of them collapsed like dominoes once or twice and were outta there a bit before we were done
I'm gonna disagree with your take on heavy metal
Could people be impressed because they spoke an entire news report in Dutch, a language none of them speak?
Kamelpis (camel piss) is sometimes said to make the subjects laugh, but it's generally not used with small kids
WW1 showed that demanding gigantic reparations and bankrupting the losing side was a very bad idea
I've never experienced that before at a museum
Depends on whether or not the concern is unfounded which is up to debate.
alright but it’s laughably bad compared to what it could be with how much we spend on it (does not apply to Finland obviously)
I just know him as the emperor of France who committed atrocities and waged a whole lot of wars
How many attacks have there been against, say, jews, by far-right individuals in the last decade?
well, depending on how you translate them
Å = Creek
Mette Frederiksen is largely popular in Denmark
I would just change it so that fatass Swedish king and his whole sutpid army went straight through the ice
So most I know through studying the languages
I don't think (and hope) that we will never see a world gouverment, not in my lifetime and not in my great grandchildrens lifetime.
I’m keeping this English for the sake of the subreddit, but don’t you go insulting Lanciers on my watch
I've been to Corsica 6 times or so, but I've never visited Sardinia.
The reality is that even a looser peg is a complete no-go at this point
The most anti-german sentiment is when they clog the roads, heading for the nearest beach in summer
I'm married to a woman from Bornholm.
One drawback with a democracy where gaining 2% of the vote will get your party a number of seats in parliament is that we usually have a lot of MPs with "alternative" opinions
When you try some bullshit water and sugar pills for a few weeks instead of going to the doctor, you might actually make it worse
The one thing that sort of does ruffle feathers up here is muslims.
\> for example, France longest land border is not in Europe, it's with Brazil in South America
(And they've got a gorgeous-looking site in Copenhagen)
And since you are not trying to remove or add a country - then overwrite is obviously the clean design.
This is a little weird but nothing major
I completely agree
Sure, it's well after
Wall scrolls, Katanas, Waifu pillows
I like to make fun of the capital's accent, but the real outlier is actually my specific accent
Is this created with some kind of software or did you actually sit in Minecraft and place blocks
I have never been exposed to it, and the few Faroese people I have met spoke Danish perfectly
Overall, we see no correlation between the current population of Germany compared to those during the 30s and 40s.
i cant go and find "the thing" i get buy in almost all other supermarkets (there's some exceptions of course) because they mostly got private label stuff and a lot of obscure german brands
It is absolutely no wonder course the US became weirdly religious
English was just being træls for a long while
Always one step ahead of us
But we're just not that nice to anyone, including hikers, and that's a shame
Parental preference alone does not justify  a    non‐therapeutic procedure
(tre is 3)
The "free-market economies" are some of the most deviously protectionist and controlling in the world.
In Denmark we begin at first grade, age 7
Edit: Seriously, why aren't you guys worshipping him more
Also, Google Earth:
How, where
Wow that is very impressive considering it is winter
There's also the communist rule that Eastern Europe were forced under post-WWII, which were tyrannical and authoritarian, which is why these countries have especially strong feelings against communism
Biking around the lake is highly recommended, if you like cycling
"normal" ?
I know my neighbors and what they do
Was there on Interrail
Is Norway having a snap election or just very early election debates or just a random party leader debate
Flodhest (River Horse) - Hippo
If the EU mandate a minimum wage, even a relatively high one, the wages will stagnate and the incentive to join a workers union become smaller while the business unions can always point to the minimum wage whenever there is a negotiation (every 2 years)
Imagine a tall being, resembling a human, with ragged cloth and a wild beard.
Not sure I understand the criteria.
Good
I'm not hearing any practical solutions just each side blaming the other.
These officers are just people forced to do their job what’s up with the dramatic saturation and grayscale
Ah that's it
We could say the same for you
Honestly, I think they just memorise it
A collaborator who ratted people (mostly resistance fighters) out to the Germans was called a "stikker"
Nice
We(DK) don't have highspeed rail here, sadly.
* Chiropractors
Most vitamin d research is super old and I saw an article where they made an error by a factor of 10
It was more so Helsingør and Helsingborg from what I recall
And many others
Walk in the bike lane
My least favorite parts of Denmark and other European cities is when you leave the city center, and drive through ugly suburbs filled with yellow brick houses and flat roofs from the 70's, and then enter the outskirts of the cities where a ton of car dealerships have enormous empty lawns in front of them, and they're just wasting space
Do you have any sources I could see
we made some and it really did add that weird "julebryg" taste (I'll add, "Julebryg" just means "Christmas brew")
The attack on Lindisfarne in 793 marks the beginning of the viking age.
Then he mentioned that back in the 11th century, just after England finally switched back to English rule, the new king ordered every single Dane in the city (a healthy chunk of the population at the time) rounded up in the church, and then had the church burnt down
Reminds me of my vacations in Dublin
The same for me
They share many commonalities, sure, deriving in part from common history, in part from common circumstance and environment
If that is correct, I don't like them
] They’re about to raise the price thankfully
Why are you using American numbers
[Storebæltsbroen]
She was the one who discovered the wolf story by trespassing on a farmer's land while checking out the old castle ruins (the french revolution wasn't kind to them)
like I said: it's hard to describe
I like the Great Dane or Grand Danois as it is called in Denmark.
They banned shaving cream at my school the year that I graduated, but we still used it anyways
it IS a clown car
RAF bombed by request of the Danish resistance the dorms at the University of Aarhus in 1944 because Gestapo had their local headquarter there
Belarus - Hviderusland (White-Russia)
Vikings are back in town, pick up the bone  we finna be in Vineland in a minute
Sorry if the facts trigger you
So eventually nothing big changed for poor Poland after the WW2
And before anyone tells me I don't know how averages work
I really think you are mis-representing and generalizing liberals in Denmark
There is a lot of trouble with their human rights though and i dont see that being solved anytime soon.
These kind of incidents tend to happen in the ghetto areas though, hence the term no go areas
The government needs to take measures to keep the population healthy to keep spending down from hospitals
Then we shouldn't have destabilised the middle east
Montenegro has had innumerable elections going back decades where many parties are divided with shares of 20%, 30%, 40%, this doesn't happen in places like Putin's Russia (even with the fake opposition parties)
> æ a u å æ ø i æ ø
Metro or S-trains are much easier or even bikes are better.
>Except it has only been a country since 1944
Some people do believe that you can't be a "Dane" if you aren't white.
It's on a lot of food, especially popular on [Franskbrød] [Rugbrød] and also pastries such as [Frøsnapper
The amount of times I've heard the first one at after-ski this February
However,we have minesterial posts, which are ministers who focus on specific things, such as economics, culture, integration, among a lot of other things
Are you on some type of drugs right now?
EU: For the pony or for the nothing
It has 3 layers each containing an item
Yea, I know about the last part.
Its back to square one for all trade in the world once article 50 is triggered.
Young people use it alongside Snapchat
The following day, 9 November, a council, headed by Archbishop Trolle, sentenced the proscribed to death for being [heretics]
In North Schleswig though, there is a variant of Danish which can be very hard to understand
Under pressure: under tryk
I swear, that man consistently stays surprisingly relevant.
Is she a fugitive or is she part of the Pakistani diaspora that moved to Europe in the sixties.
In Danish, kage means cake, and I had an inside joke about kage with my friends
No Danish dessert can match the glorious homemade [koldskål] with fresh strawberries and kammerjunkere .
Some might argue that `tak skal du/I have`, directly translated meaning “thank shall you(singularis)/you(pluralis) have”, would be it
Lightsaber dueling
Maybe it's just what you remember
A monumental era in European history and an important part in the decline of DK as a European power
due to the variety of vegetables, fruits etc
Whether Greeks coexisted with neighbouring Turks is not the point - the point is that Greeks did not wish to be *ruled* by Turks, and that they were not satisfied until they reclaimed their own state
Just shy of a quarter would describe themselves as socialists(24,6%) (which, as we know, are *the* best, and the mods on this subreddit are all a massive bunch of commies(or so we are told in the modmail)), combine this with those that answered for labour parties(7,4%), and the "Reds" make up a third of the community
(Gotta edit that one more time)
So the organized crime gangs use these instead
As far as news go I'd say it's ages.
That's a lot to Greeks
Hell, the Catalans have a much more solid foundation, and even then, their prospects are sketchy at best
Rain, wind, Vikings, (sometimes) snow
and that obviously leads to way more problems "feeling at home" in a new country
i got a bike as a birthday present when i was 4
Something like that exists, but from Germany.
Can we rename it Typhoid Mary
I would put Greenland before either England or Iceland
I got those on a plane trip to Spain.
You're pretty much right about everything the only thing i will add is that we did actually win the war against Sweden to get Skåne back in the 1670s. We had it, but then Sweden got their ally France involved who told us to give it all back again
scenes when 2nd place is Ireland
Who cares lol
The euro-sign is only on alt-gr+e.
\- Mindblowing nature (Denmark is so flat)
There aren't really any other viable options.
Honestly, I'm not aware enough of the political implications and diplomatic relationships that are probably (hopefully
Norweigian text was literally the same as Danish until some time in the last century
It has it's own restaurant and cabins with beds
As far as I can see, there haven't been any deaths yet though
Well I’m blond, bearded, tall and blue-eyed, and boy can I eat some Danish while drinking a six pack of beer
Its quite far removed from any of the Scandinavian languages
Just been in Nove Mesto nad Metuji and at the Adrspach rocks
There was a Dwarf in Old *Norse* mythology called Austri, as part of a set of Dwarfs named after the cardinal directions, but that has nothing to do with Austria
Since our Czech mod left, defenestrations have been off the table
[Frilandsmuseet] buildings from Denmark through the last 350 years
Lots of organic products and very cheap
If someone from Denmark tries to speak english, then it's very obvious that they're danish, especially if they are from an older generation
What the Danish political party says is that if wants the EU to use sanctions against countries enforcing a trade embarco against French products
A Danish pastry in Denmark
Also I question the independency of that refugee council.
It's seen as Sweden being overly PC / Swedes being SJWs
[*Danish influence intensifies*]
Well, bokmål is probably the closest we get
That was clearly not the point of what I wrote
Yeah, and it seems like we're headed in the same direction.
I'm sure you know which countryI'm speaking of
The smallest A size bottles are just a joke
I’ve never seen it for anything other than that though, and I couldn’t imagine watching a Tarantino movie with that kind of dub, but it sounds interesting lol
The hardnesses varies a lot depending on regions and some of it has a lot of lime, but everybody drinks it and uses it for cooking
We also export more to the US than we import.
While this will probably cause another economic downturn for the UK, then the real problems will manifest if they exit without a trade deal.
A lot of politicians from the former East block has been convicted of something
And someone stole my phone in a changing room once
Officially they are 100% integrated
But as I mentioned, this was a subject we discussed amongst our group of exchange students attending schools in the city, and my school was not seen as an outlier
It's delicious, and pretty fattening.
I doubt 30% of their population are immigrants so obviously somebody was lying
One of the most intense cinema experiences I ever had
I saw someone on facebook thinking it was to protect against Russia
Thanks
No no no no
Not to mention reading Norwegian is easy as fuck for us Danes
My grandmother, his wife, I've been told helped set up the first co-ed union for teachers
(sinde is old Danish for times, tyve is twenty)
Denmark doesn't really distinguish.
Usually in my family/friends we bring and share, or the host pays for drinks - if you don't want to share; don't bring
I never use Facebook
Roughly half the class took him up on that offer.
6 pm
The thing is that (if I understood the situation correctly) the law was brought up in correlation with someone suing our national tv for showing a movie about some islam thing (this was back in 2004 my mistake actually not the last time the law was tried removed) which was pretty offensive and all.
So I think it is sad that the government executed them
Everyone knows Denmark switched from a strictly UN peace keeping force to a more aggressive military intervention policy.
But when it suddenly stopped speaking English to you and error messages in German appeared you knew that you had triggered a severe bug
It was really nice though, this mix of Central European and Italian
This  is  unusual before five years of age
You counted all the buildings....???
something is broken there, and it's not the immigrant.
But it was voted down in Folketinget due to "national security concerns", which translates from bullshit to English as "it would piss off the Jews (in addition to Muslims), therefore it would piss off Israel and by extension also the US".
The shooter threw a snowball first
I'm from Florida, so I keep all my radiators on max :P
If you're not currently at the pool area it's not "your" chairs
it's probably just easier to make it the norm than having to make a judgment call every time anyone enters a home.
I guess it was the [Seest fireworks disaster] in Kolding in 2004
I searched about roman salutes and I found this comment:
those kinda guys
If EU critics shouldn't receive subsidies then people who vote for EU critics should have the option of a tax reduction to what goes into the EU.
The nordic countries have a high standard on working conditions, unionisation etc
It can also be the last two syllables, e.g. girls/women named Sofie are often just called "Fie". When I was a wee lad, girls named Isabella often went under "Bella", but it seems have changed to "Isa" in today's kids
We just use their names
Protokol by Jamaica
I have never ever encountered that as a tradition that still exists today.
Is it free to use the roads
As many other European nations we did a lot of bad stuff during the slave trade years
Having clean clothes for fancy events is important.
So basically Eastern Europe and anyone who stops them from invading that
I have a lot of experience with it, that's why I chose it
Well
Fårup Sommerland
Lol
Belgrade = Beograd
I do not know what happened in Munich, but I have heard and seen good things about Berlin, some million people gathering to watch amazing fireworks, and before that a lot of stages and various fun stuff.
If we believed the media, he’s an insane dictator and everyone hates him
How is Poland still in existance if this is supposed to be their best
All you need is a specific draught system
A microbiologist create some money and has a skillset that is not easily replaced and the pay reflects the demand
What type of rap would you prefer
America is very preachy and adversarial, in regards to religion, all the Atheists i have met from the States are very anti church, to the point of being almost hatefull which i just don't get
Also, anecdotes aren’t exactly a strong comeback to facts and figures
Beyond the ethical aspect, this backfired pretty bad, since it so infuriated the Danes that Sweyn Forkbeard, the king of Denmark, invaded the year after, conquering England and ushering in decades of further Danish rule
I felt so much sorrow being there, and I think it's so good of germans to show what happened back then
Wonder how many Mor annos she'll live
why would it be weird to do so, in a restaurant ?
Every Swedish person I've known has always been really, really nice
To get out of a hole like this, you need economic activity.
Makes me miss everything about my time in your glorious country
The law of Jante is basically a long list of sentences which exclaim that you are nothing compared to the collective
The only one I can think of that isn't a joke answer is Russians and Ukrainians.
It's just something I heard in a radio programme a couple of years ago about differences in the Scandinavian languages, you can hear it here:
I could say that the distance between copenhagen and paris is 1Mm
No wind in Denmark now :-( and no sun - lots of coal consumption and hydro import from Norway.
I wasn't a fan of Sakozy either seemed like the french Berlusconi with his erratic behavior and "tough on everything approch".
Hey, so I thought, can we have them back then?
I guess the worst I've experienced is that people don't understand when I say things like 'kimse' or 'møjet' and stuff like that
But it seems to be much more professional here.
The second billboard references the Bible as evidence lol
I've done it a couple of times, takes about 5 hours
Corportate taxation was lower in Denmark than in Sweden at the time
Rumænien - Romania
Also unless you go to the super touristy spots, it doesn't seem overly populated
Why do you lie in this subreddit in order to make MENA migrants in Denmark look better?
more like Andrzej Dupa
My guess is Icelandic sailors in the allied navies, although Danish sailors in the allied navies were one of the bigger components of our casualties.
Much less in the countryside
Edit: Also, can you guys start listing your sources on these maps
You vote by shouting
"Krebinetter" or "karbonader".
This definitely doesn’t apply for Europeans in general
In my city there is a castle from 1600s with crown jewels in the basement
But Harald Hildetand is known for the battle of Bråvalla and that supposedly happened around that time
Oh no
No anti-German sentiment in Denmark
That's why I always make a point of letting people try in danish - it's a hard enough language as it is
Yes, no go zones are the popular term for vulnerable areas, where emergency services are in high risk of being attacked
But but, the difference in the cheese also determines what you use it for
While I do get the reason to do it, my personal opinion is that such drastic measures should have a more solid argument and reason behind it than hunting populistic votes
but he actually have demonstrations in all parts of Denmark - as long as it's got a so called "Ghetto" with lots of muslims
[2017 results]
I was just reminding myself to use this type of road more
What do Italians generally "LARP"? Stuff from back before Italy was a thing
They're in the kingdom of Denmark, but not a part of the country of Denmark
Okay I mean I get most of them (especially food standards), but Danes are pretty dumb if they think that the EU would not be better for military defense
The issue with this is who's going to fill the void left over ?
but here goes; Ventre, centre-right party has had a firm hold on the small-to-medium rural farmers and some industries while the centre-left social democrats are more broadly represented among various regional industries workers, though more concentrated in cities too, though its not uniform across the country and the economic vs social-policies political blocs are more fractured than ever
Most Americans didn't see anything bad enough to be worth actively opposing.
Care to name an example of what you have in mind, and how it should be sanctioned?
All those movements you’re talking about are some fringe groups, few mentally disturbed people not representative in any way
Artists like Birthe Kjær, Johnny Reimer and Peter Belli
Oh cool, is it one of those things where people just "freeze" in place for 2 minutes then like they do in Poland on 1st of August or whatever
Executive authority shall be vested in the King
Men rent officielt skal vi have det hver år vi har dansk gennem hele folkeskolen, plus i gymnasiet hvis man læser på STX eller HF
* 1915: Women and servants get the right to vote
Frukost (Swedish) = breakfast
They are also producing a population decline in the next generation.
I lived in Jutland, when I went to efterskole
Nope
How is free speech fucked up
A much nearer comparison would be to ask if Lofoten could "prosper" on its own
Icelandic is impossible and Faroese
These days we hold both genders responsible for their own actions and sex is no more the guy's action than the woman's.
[View of bologna, from my ^chair.
This guy countries
i love these
>Transylvanian Romanians are often as bilingual as the seklers
Honestly a great sport
It's a cool culture there
Found out my Airbnb has a Super Famicom!
Freedom House says Serbia isn't a functional democracy and the corruption index puts it off the charts
> Have you noticed the blood red stream
huuuhhh”
Different types of icecream is still icecream isn't it
B) Then a majority in the parliament after the next election
Wikipedia has a nice table [here]#Summary).
Not to mention our last set of trains, which were supposed to replace the old ones twenty years ago
I am only just beginning to learn the concepts of this brave new world, where we don't have to limit ourselves with details of reality anymore.
I was told, "islands has water all around". We live, and think, in 3D. All around means below too
Also the make great TV and have a awesome youth culture
Well currently Denmark needs a third and a fourth wave as well to get even somewhat close to Swedens deaths per capita
It is a thing, I was send to I think two in my entire childhood, but I wouldn’t call it a tradition
I used to think Greeks were being silly.
BRUH
So where is all this money going
As has been said a half dozen times in this thread, most diesel cars without a urea system are legal in the EU, illegal in the US.
Here in Denmark we have a ~150% tax on cars, so adding an automatic transmission is an extra $2000-$4500 on top of the price
I always laugh a bit when I see the Index of Economic Freedom Ranking.
What do you think is "Christian issues or ideas"?
Oh yeah
and USUALLY people who enter or exit next to the driver say thank you, or hello(if entering)
it's being monitored for temperatures and such
* What you're doing there, Mr
Aarhus is good, aswell
> (Disney, Lego, etc should all have lost their copyrights on many things (Mickey Mouse, the Lego mini-figure, ...) years and years ago
That is the dumbest fucking argument I've seen on Reddit in quite a while.
My experience with Swedish is the exact opposite
Yeah, it most likely is an error.
No, I disagree
It's scary how many of these records are from year 2000 and after
They do under certain circumstances, just do a Google search for it
I mean jeebus christ, get your shit together and clean your room
I guess except if you need an abortion
I am content
If we're talking most impactful, I would say the bombing of the Institut Jeanne d'Arc
For Denmark, definetly Copenhagen and Brøndby (The latter being a suburb of the former) and mostly because of football
The japanese cleaning up their lockerroom after they lost their match and had to go home
When I was a little kid I thought Denmark and England were the only countries in the world
> Aksel, Ilmari (maybe)
If we're talking about Greece or India, we're going to pronounce it like a Dane normally would
Maybe the answer lies in old norse
So Jews in Germany often viewed themselves as German, even if others didn't see them that way
Do you usually have such things
We’re
Absolutly not Denmark
When I went to school in the UK, I had no idea you guys had assemblies, and nobody thought to tell me . After a couple of weeks I got a very stern talking to from a teacher for missing all of them
Try to grow tomatoes in Denmark without a greenhouse
It is incredibly disappointing
I bet you wouldn't order meat by the hectogram either
Green = 1/yr, Yellow = 2/yr, Red = 3/yr, depending on the condition of your teeth
Ernæringsmæssigt er det ikke en specielt fiberholdig ret, men er dog den eneste ret i en pølsevogn der henvender sig til vegetarer
Or not
We wear trenchcoats, big wooly coats, or leather jackets.
And while it's true that while there have been noticeable difference between KFUM and DDS
>	Morals are not, and I mean not, in any way, arbitrary
According to Google maps it's around 50km
Man i really miss short track
Little old ladies were telling on their neighbours because the whole society had been brainwashed to think that this was the logical solution!
Jeg vil skide raseri over det hele på dig og du vil drukne i det
I used to feel this way, but nowadays I seem to be randomly running into Danes whenever I go abroad @_@"
I think that's a poor argument
Which again, requires more effort than pulling a trigger
". We quickly started greeting everyone we passed our selves
Although I recon Russia might have a word or two to say about getting a wee tad longer way to the atlantic for their fleets
Would have the prices of Danish beer in huge signs all the way, so no Swede can look towards Denmark and no be reminded that they want our beer.
I'm genuinely curious, because foreign policy is pretty important.
Circumcision of boys for non-medical reasons
You guys are just crazy
I also really began watching YouTube videos and streaming movies in English
and there's 3 different busses going from near my home - and one to my work place
If I owned a hotel like that, I'd send staff out and remove them all every single day when they're checking for leaves in the pool, trash in the bushes etc
From Denmark here: At least regarding Denmark, I think you are misinformed.
Nor can the law passed by the king and adopted by the land be amended or repealed without the will of the land unless it is manifestly contrary to the word of God
Rome is why Celtic is restricted to a few scattered remnants in the Atlantic
The best strategy for EU would be to dismantle the Schengen and the euro, the Unions most dysfunctional parts.
It’s getting irritating
On the internet, most things are in English.
I would never eat dinner after 21, though - that's crazy late
Horincă and palinca - the same as the above, just distilled to a higher alcohol level
We get the kind who have read *The little book of Hygge* and enjoyed watching *Borgen*. Thanks
Better get that forced EU roaming price scam in place so Danes can lose one of the only relatively cheap things you can actually get in this overtaxed nation
It was war for German domination
I will post updates here when i get get more stuff done
When you put it that way I guess it's nice to live in peace and be able to trade with our neighbors.
Bendt Bendtsen (Det Konservative Folkeparti) (NO/YES)
You want some of the cookies I baked today
They now haunt this bridge and will pull people into it to get revenge on Danes
Jens Rohde (Radikale Venstre) (NO/YES)
Yes, that would be what we tend to call *culture*. Me being a Dane is genetic on the ethnic level, but in terms of culture, that is something I have learnt, yes
Some animals and a few other things have a childish sounding equivalent that you will hear people say
You seem to be forgetting that:
It's certainly enough of a thing, even if it as a meme, that [Danmarkshistorien
And it was Danish for many centuries before that
The issue is that they were run over by a car.
I've lived here for 7 years studying, and there's no denying Copenhagen is beautiful and I've honestly enjoyed living here a lot
The police took her passport, because she fought with YPG which is affiliated with PKK, and banned her from leaving the country, she did it anyway and confessed herself guilty.
I remember it as 3 days, from reading his daughters biography
Half a bolt in a hardware store or half a chewing gum (singular) in a gas station
Somehow they've been allowed to acquire a debt that dwarfs their estimated value at a pace of **60 to 1**.
Thyge Brahe
edit: my source were wrong, sorry
Had
Or so i've been told by a teacher i had once, who was in a brewery club
When shocked I got out of the car to see to shout at him, he removed his white headphones to just say a lazy "what
Most wine I've drunk off regular kitchenware was bought by the liter in those bring-your-own-jug wine shops
Germany be out here scouting for possible weak points, before their next move
Because if that's the case, I would want to know
I think it's also because there used to be more importance placed on titles overall
* " Hellere styr på lortet end lort på styret" (rather have control on your/the shit, then shit on the controlled) - It means that you should rather know your/the shitshow, then let the shitshow get out of control
The victims deserve that publicity supports them, rather than just stick to what the newspapers wrote at the times
On what basis are you claiming Greek citizens are not getting something for their taxes.
Farmor doesn’t have an awkward double meaning
Cant get presents if you don't behave ;)
Baggins is "Sækker" in danish which means "to put something in a bag"
(It's also a term often favored by men's rights activists and pick-up artists, which doesn't help, and which probably means it's more of a loaded term than "male" is)
Solen (the Sun) and månen (the Moon) are Both neutral, as it should be
I think I just decided on making myself another cup of hot chocolate.
His goal wasn't even to kill people with the bomb in Oslo, his goal was to attract the police there so he could shoot even more on Utøya
The US, meanwhile, has much less dialectal diversity - insanely little, compared to the land-area
I’ll always start off on danish wikipedia to get a sense of the topic and such, and if i need more info i’ll switch to english
Start pos definitely very hard
We once visited Taranto on the east coast (2012)
I thought that was your nickname for Denmark?
Map with references and level names can be found on my profile
Are you saying you have giant rotten fish
His party stays in power, there is no need for an election and things just carry on.
Maybe y'all should just stop breeding like rabbits and the traffic jams would stop
Sure, Jutland vs Zealand is probably the most prominent.
Winged hussars, immigrants, Catholicism, right wing, a language where 'w' is a word and the L has a line through it, siema (see that all the time in online gaming), vodka, Copernicus, Chopin, Curie, being treated like shit during WWII, Warsaw uprising, Lech Walesa, Sobieski, German concentration camps..
But even then, it was fairly slow progress (where many/most still worshiped the old gods more or less side by side with Christianity).
* Biodegradable waste: 4 %
Bringing in cake and/or pastries when it's your birthday is standard
Why is everything getting a reboot these days
Their names respectively can be translated to scrotum and penis
Der er party i provinsen
A government's job is keep its citizens safe.
Like how all of Eastern Europe are seen as “basically Russia”.
*We* should leave, because *you* want to spend more money
Okay, I’m gonna explain
From Denmark, i'd nominate these:
The thing is shooting on people when they are rioting sadly doesn't help a lot, it may kill a couple but often encourage more people to join in.
Unfortunately I think it's a losing battle
But do you know why they plant the tress though
Sounds exactly how it’s done in Japan
The Stars and Stripes seems to be one of the unifying things, and even when politicised, such as at protests, it's used by both the left and the right
The degree to which the mere existence of old-fashioned communities like Urk seem to irk you (no pun intended) is simply more evidence of this
The utter dominance of Denmark in the 14th century is the reason why Norway as a whole and the Swedish commoners dethroned their nobility to elevate the Danish royalty to ac as their own
Men, alligevel tror jeg nu det kommer meget an på underviseren når det kommer til stykket
ban him from the entire Kingdom of Denmark, so he could never set foot in Greenland either
[Finland is a made up place - it doesn't exist]
Then what power does Russia hold?
The EU is hardly perfect as it is, and whatever change happens, we'll just see where it leads.
I was an exchange student in the US when I was 15, and told people, that when I returned to Denmark, I was going to gymnasium for three years
Just shy of 10% of the community identifies as various obscure ideologies: reactionaries, anarchists who didn't wanna press 'socialist', fascists, Posadists, monarchists
Uh, do you think that maybe you could take that attitude elsewhere?
1807 ya meanies
Colored paper and
But hey, it goes against the trite "kamelåså" joke, so eh
best part, my dad only told me once we were home from vacation
thats like moving from one apartment to another in the same complex
0K to -10c : "Holy fuck it's winter
Goddamn that host can speak quickly.
Our "temporary border control" will getting extended indefinitely
* Bøsserup (Fag ville)
Also # of jets is not a key figure, # of operational ones are
I don't really know now
I'm going to Germany for the summer holiday, and wherever I looked for a street view it was impossible
"vi skriver bare på engelsk, medmindre det er på landesubs'ne/landenes subs
I think it is pretty universal for non-english speakers to dislike English with their native accent
They matter because we know understand how humans feel pain, how humans can suffer etc.
The Sweden Democrats for instance are quite good at making their opponents, politicians and media people, come across as complete uneducated children in debates regarding their own core issues like immigration
AFAICS the record is 45000 years
Why would you make threats to a Young girl and her fam, just because she is trying to shed light on a very very pressing matter
Wdym
Both words are very similar and mean exactly the same in Danish
No pasta expert but I feel like the difference expresses itself more in the texture, shape of the pasta and the broader selection rather than the taste itself
> Likewise with Norway and Denmark
Actually we shouldn’t turn politics into a reality tv show
Android or iOS is a better system
until very recently, i honestly thought it was a tropical island near spain and portugal
Svenskjävlar
Why don't the French appreciate my Google translated memes
I Really enjoyed reading a hero of our times by Mikhail Lermontov
Any difference between boomers and zoomers
I was joking about his typo
I have to mention football as well
London, good metro
He is charismatic, trustworthy and important for me, he is young
Yeah, if you actually watch things in other languages I can see that being a problem
I don't live in the center but it takes me 20 minutes on a bike to get there
On several occasions they had to stop the digging for the metro because they stumbled upon new artificats
But how much snus
I remember once someone told me it's proven that Danes really love minimalism and moderation, by the fact that we all only eat our favourite dessert during a specific time of year
Wether it is a lot of autonomy or too little depends on point of view.
Well worth the 2kr fee to use them
Dane: Swede
Just cold rain and gray clouds
Look how long they take to finish their high ways
Berlin is considered the cultural capital of Europe, London the economic and Paris the fashion one
They kinda are, and I would've chosen exactly the period, so I'm happy
I shall cross the Skagerak and piss in your snow to retaliate!
Erhm, why is Danish Zealand (Sjælland) yellow in development
I'm not even sure what exactly it is.
Svenskjävlar
Just look at capitalist nations like Denmark, Sweden and Norway that have massive public sectors and healthy social security nets, these nations all operate under capitalism and have been able to maintain massive social programs to the benefit of all their citizens
I think you misunderstand me
comparably large amount of control that the Swedish government had over Swedish industry _into_ the 1970'es, it's not a stretch to apply like I did
So, as u/bhjoellund says, it is just the equivalent of "nur".
In fact, it's pretty odd to not have one
>Hello Man
>  in regular supermarkets was Moldova, but they have lower incomes so it would be more as a %)
Does the name of the cat matter, as long as it catches mice?
” when meeting a foreigner
The phrase of legend is that when they asked "What in hell should we do with this butt-lard
We rented is out to China at some point, they loved it because of the connection with H.C Andersen.
But, confusingly, a cock (male hen) can also be called a *kok* in Danish.
Every politician is a populist to some degree, it's not only Wilders and other EU sceptics.
is a a bunch of crap glued together by some roman emperor
I guess I would go for Swedish for the third pick
Almost the entire country is "more developed" and then
We are missing the big question, who is FC Barcelona going to play against if they leave Spain
I started again 3 months before the summer holiday and I couldn't worry less
Pronunciation - I honestly have never even seen someone that didn’t live here from childhood that sounded even close to native
Denmark: New England; think Vermont.
Americans especially (judging from books, movies, online interactions etc
So you officially *want* to increase police presence in pressured areas?
75%
More like the stronger dialects from southern Jutland and some of the island dialects.
En, to, tre, fire, fem, seks, syv, otte, ni, ti
There was a very popular kids show on Danish national television called [Kaj og Andrea] Kaj is a stuffed toy frog and has become the base of a lot of different Danish memes
One rye bread to rule them all
Now that i have your attention, maybe you can tell me why you ban people from /r/Russia without them even posting there?
At the same time I use less slang and speak a more "standard" English than I do Danish
What % though
That is the best part about a religions
A US-like situation where Europe is almost entirely culturally homogeneous
lol I figured it'd be more like Austrian German vs.
I chose the work myself
It seems like Russians fall into two categories: trusting the state and refusing to see any problem or seeing the whole system for what it is; highly corrupt
Other operators have begun to offer similar plans, though.
We still have Brexit to moan about
I do...they're completely impossible to understand!
It has four legs
I haven't tried that, but actually my family have chicken in their household and we always make jokes about butchering them if they don't lay eggs.
This could lead back to “janteloven”, here it’s almost considered rude to call someone out by last name, bc it would almost certainly be to make fun of someone
He said he's quite humble with money, almost like Scrooge McDuck-ish in that he lives very humbly as well.
Hey, I can see my apartment from here
WTB republic
Soup
Im fearful for when this reaches Denmark
If I had to go on I’d say it’s possible to make out some of the words reading Dutch or German, even if you don’t know the languages
i've only heard about it in kebab/Döner boxes
It’s a kind of ID “code” you get
What's that from
Not even that
On that I agree for my own country too.
I do not think Hardrada could ever have been king of England
Yeah it might be a change going that far back
I would go for Odense only because it’s sits perfectly in the middle
But that is the *best case* scenario, which makes some pretty ambitious assumptions.
But not rugby
Just seems weird: [Silverflame]
Yeah it's very big
Well, to the rest of Europe, it makes little difference.
Not really
> Does Danish not have any words that would be offensive in some situations
Is it far from Santiago de Compostela
Human dies everyday, it's nothing special.
For women: Dorthea, Ingeborg, Oda, Edith, Leonora
I have to mention football as well
, as it would with any accent, but yes, German accents can definitely be endearing or sexy
So how many people actually vote?
Denmark is literally shaped like a head and you do this
Family party could be things like confirmation, whenever someone turns 50/60 etc
But it's not like the rest of the world have big issues with people not showing up for court - I imagine the percentages are about the same tbh, no matter if you have bail or not
But the goal of socialism isn't the re-structurations of capital, but rather, is the abolition of the capital _relation_ in its entirety
(And can we just use this opportunity to once again make clear that the Danish name for Copenhagen is not *Kopenhaaaagen
When your country doesn’t have big cities with rivers :(
It's the 'h', the 'g' and the 'ij'-sound that's weird in Dutch.
The aim is to get paid so you can spend the money on something cool.
**Sweden**
but here goes; Ventre, centre-right party has had a firm hold on the small-to-medium rural farmers and some industries while the centre-left social democrats are more broadly represented among various regional industries workers, though more concentrated in cities too, though its not uniform across the country and the economic vs social-policies political blocs are more fractured than ever
England is not a kingdom
DANMARK
Any updates
I don't mind Serbia becoming a member.
I wonder if the real divide happened during WWII where US cars obviously wasn't sold in Europe, and if it wasn't for the war automatics would also have been a thing here on account of American influence.
We live in a socialist cupcake-loving communist hellish society where we pay all our money in taxes, and everyone can't even own an assault rifle
Well, they're simply not nordic, they have a completely different historical and cultural backgrounds as countries
This week it is "Why do you guys not think as positively about us as we clearly deserve, given our huge influence over your lives".
For 10 you get a liter of milk, and for 100 you could get one of the cheap meals at McDonald's
My door is electronic
National romanticism
Once you get south of the Alps, life is more laid back
Lego has long since lost any protection of its basic brick design, even though that was developed decades after Mickey Mouse
Denmark, while usually seen as a small country, is technically the 12th largest country in the world by landmass, because of Greenland
Petersburg
The Danish one is tiny - even the Norwegian and Finnish Wikipedias are much bigger - and has amateurish articles everywhere
Not the answer you're looking for, but *my* literal translation of Obergeschoss would be *over-bullet*, and I have no idea why it's called *Geschoss*
Also, they are such a humble and hard-working people
Drop a Scot in New Zealand and another in Moldova and ask them a week in which one encountered the most cultural similarities
But non of those are topics for discussion in a anything but history class.
Og hjertet er næsten hørt op
I just hate that I switch between American and British English
Just curious how people tend to drive on the small or narrower roads where you live
Although some people don't mean it as a joke, which just makes it funnier
Why tf is it 17 in the Vatican / Rome
But asking for too much, you don't get it either.
It's been a few years since I was in school
Saw the picture and immediately started to miss the summer
We have 25c for almost 2 weeks now, here in Denmark, this is already the year with most qualified summerdays in years, I have no idea how to handle this and I'm expecting the rest of the year to be rainy any day now
But for the weather thing, it can get colder than that in Denmark (makes sense) but it’s usually around the -1 C to (at the coldest) -10 C in the winter and fall months
Not really my preferred type of sandwich, but [smørrebrød] is really the obvious, quintessentially Danish, one.
Especially when it comes to, as a woman, discussions on feminism and inequality, Americans seems to equate their everyday life with being similar in all of the western world
Hear a siren
* " At falde er ingen skam, men at blive liggende er" (to fall is no shame, but stay laying is) - No shame is failures, but not trying/giving up, is great shame
That price is similar to here as well
Even if I die, it will need to be paid by someone...
Look at this fuckin' 80s guy smiling at the hottest girl in high school
The ethnic danes birthrate is 1,9 meanwhile the birthrate for non-ethnic danes' birthrate is 1,6.
But I wasn't able to put my finger on why one was easier than the other
Old nations
Really
In a gun fight
Man i really miss short track
Especially not after generations.
I support our membership, and I think the EU is a positive thing, but it is neither sufficient nor necessary for having peace on our continent.
And as a person who has been really really religiously conservative in the past, I kinda get why it can be frustrating for kids
It makes me feel like I’m cursed with an ugly language somehow
For my own good I'm sure they'd claim
It was like a resistance kind of thing, according to my grandfather
What's Jämtland like, would you recummend it to a danish tourist?
Øresund Bridge, but we like to say it's to Scania and not Sweden
Then why did your nation agree to meet the 2% guideline?
Your German girlfriend must live in some kind of bubble because never have i met anyone who thinks it's uncivilized to piss standing up.
I don't use mine very often, but I am pretty sure everyone I know has one somewhere in their kitchen cabinets
I can understand that it bothers you
I like it here
Yes, we have an opt out from the EMU's 3rd phase (the euro).
Constant warring with France to the west, Poland/whoever happens to rule Poland to the east and the whole papal situation to the south
It's a surprise to most Danes that discrimination against Jews is still a thing in many western countries
The misunderstanding was that “må” means “may” in Danish but “have to” in Norwegian
you kinda have that already with Canada and UK having the same monarch
10 degrees is kind of the spot where we are still confused on whether we are supposed to melt of freeze
We got a place called "sæd"
We really do like our flag
I'm one of the 28% who disagree with that
He was in his 50’s? He really had no plans that day, but decided he wanted someone to speak with, so he went to the desk
Yes it's complicated but if something terrible happened in Sweden everybody in Denmark will drop everything in our hands and help as much as we could, I'm also sure it would be the same if it was the other way around
and with danish variable names including æøå. The customer wanted their new project to adhere to those decades old standards because their company language was danish
- The one where Sweden walked across a frozen strait to lay siege to our capital, eventually forcing us to cede what is now southern Sweden
Why are you using American numbers
Truth brother, but Sjælland is really weird as well
I find dialects charming
The English word for paté is paté. It's a type of meat paste
I was watching an animal show the other day with my girlfriend and it was the first time it ever occurred to her that a squid and an octopus were too different things in English
So things like activating caps lock instead of shift
Besides, in the really old episodes, you get to hear Tony carefully explain to viewers what GPS is
I was mostly referring to Post Nord
For it to make any sense it would seem like no one was ever allowed to learn or to change their opinion on something.
Then I forgot the password, made a new one on my phone, got more karma on the alt and eventually made it my main account
Whaaaaat, noooo
Yes, I don't understand 90% of what my swedish friend says in swedish, but on text it's pretty similar tbh
I'm a french and have been living in damnmark for 5 years now
I mean, a cyber-invasion cost a total of 10 billion dollars of damages because of a hole in a windows protocol that then got fixed in the update afterwards
Also, is worth mentioning: Fashion
I think anyone knows that they need a study visa or other visa to be able to study when they are not from a EU or EEA country
So it was a chock to me; when I sent a meme to a woman I have been chatting with for at while, and she asked me to translate
Plenty of restaurants sell it as part of their menu, though
Which makes it ideal for animals
I cant think of a single instance where that was the topic of a discussion
It's not what the articles says.
Spanish = Gracias
So, having this nature by the sea is a huge relief, and the fact I live by the sea, or else I'd go insane if I couldn't be in beautiful nature
Agree now that I look at it
As far as I know, the factors are based on the inverse of what a dystopian society would have.
I have a friend from Boznia & Herzegovina who feels the exact way too
Especially if it’s a bit windy
Credit for subtitles to [Benjamin Alvarez] on Twitter
If not, i'm 18 and i had to pay my mom rent ever since i turned 18, not very much though
It's among the most protected locations in the Middle East
I've never seen that happen
God it must be tough being young in Sweden
They're only common in apartment buildings here
Hvad filen sagde du lige til mig, din lille gnalling
That means going to church for baptism and funerals and my mom will pester me to go on Christmas Eve.
judging from the Danish history of war Swedish and German should be the only two
The key issue here is people being asked if they can read, write and understand a second language
Not the most unique thing here, but I live in Sønderborg right down by the water of “Flensburg Fjord” so I can see Germany from my window
It's not a given getting the privilege of moving to France, if you're home country lacks simple necessities it's usually not the fault of other countries more so when we talk about European countries.
Since the first paragraph seems to be too far for you to read into that article, let me quote it for you:
Thanks for letting me know
Politics in Denmark as a whole are stupid and useless
The riots here where sparked by pretty obvious violations of rights though, generally really the French riot over some pretty serious issue, they just tend to not try the peaceful approach out for so long before stuff gets violent.
It's tiny far from impressive
) when I go to the Mediterranean over summer, I find myself missing my city after a couple of weeks
>All these people had previously been marked down on Archbishop Trolle's proscription list
It's a great webpage in general, they have some neat articles
Mega flot, bare lidt skuffet over Sjælland
Their towns are dying
However, there was [a vote in Dec
Your name and post history aligns with your comment here :^)
It is frustrating never being able to bribe a police officer.
Nowadays it's mostly a symbolic walk-out or symbolic strike-day, but still
Smørrebrød is Danish and its pretty great
Luckily, all minx are still safe
I wish we had that here
I think it's a matter of where you are in life and your economic situation
I’ve seen people legitimately shocked that we still have murders, bad parts of town, people losing their jobs, people struggling with the system, homelessness
If economic trouble comes (again) and it becomes favorable to pursue a different interest policy than what the ECB have, then you just do it
Southern Jutland is also the danish version of Alabama
Slang for living in a ghetto
Yup, there are places in Denmark where they don't see snow at all some years, and if they do, it'll most likely melt when it touches down
you can drive from one end to the other in a day
I'm flippin' *hungry* when 12:00 rolls around
Countries that have written constitutions usually go through revolution and social upheaval often
Surprising that my country's top of the list
Police officers aren't civilians though.
"Hygge" means all the things you listed above
I still believe in making a massive saltwater lake in Egypt
I forever associate Black Peter (Sorteper in Danish) with a black tomcat, because the card game had figures of cute animal couples on them and a lone tomcat as Black Peter
During the occupation by the Germans, many Danish jews fled to Sweden who accepted the refugees
What kills me is that, honestly, it's the rational thing to do in that situation, right
[Only the soundest logic was used in this deduction]
It should be, but Serbia fucked up to much during the break up of Yugoslavia for most to support it, except for Spin and a few others scared of secessionist movements.
First of all, the foreign minister does have nearly as much power, as one would think.
I have never in my life met an adult who did not know how to ride a bike
We never had to learn anything by heart in school.
Good
Thus nobody is a racist, nothing is a genocide - or ethnic cleansing
Once got season tickets for my daughter and me as a xmas present; she loved going like every 4-8 weeks
It affects people very differently
Pretty much the exact same thing happened here in Denmark in various places,  Danish article but there's some cool pictures) all kinds of settlements and buildings all the way from the stone age to the viking age have appeared now
Thanks
Friends are generally those people you like to hang out with because you have a lot in common, enjoy the same things and so on, so if someone is completely different, it's no wonder that friendships don't really work
Grenen in Denmark
Now add 30%
I feel left out
And it’s way more fun to watch and play than football
You better watch out, we're reconquering the north
Cake
*Skat* (tax) and *skat* (treasure) are both nouns, so they're much more interchangeable and good for puns
He did make a typo but really Venice promised a bunch of ships that might have turned the battle in the greeks favor and then they decided not to show up anyway.
Without the first one, the second one loses meaning.
It gives you a much better sense of being in a landscape, even as you are inside a city
So why is it emotional
I'm a 162cm woman who was on my own in an empty station, so I don't think I scared him tbh
Thus nobody is a racist, nothing is a genocide - or ethnic cleansing
Yes, it is physically possible but the economic side of things make it an impossiblity, not to mention that the carbon emission resulting from flexible nuclear power would be comparable to that of fossil fuels, which kind of defeats the point
Our North Sea oil and gas production is going down rapidly
In my opinion law of Jante is actually mostly a good thing
If you order it first, the barman can pour the Guineeses first, pour other drinks meanwhile and finish the Guinness
I love the horror that shows in their eyes
I've worked with a couple of people from the balkans (originally refugees, now danish citizens), and judging by what they've told about balkan nationalism, holy shit there seems to be some issues to work out
**Northern Jutland:** People who vote for the Socialdemocrats
It seems I should have been more accepting of the fact that they might have had genuine difficulties switching back to Danish when they returned
Try googling "Hvid jul [year]" etc to get results
Here in Denmark a luxury hotel for dogs has recently opened
Us Danes love our alcohol, it's rare to see a Dane who don't drink alcohol
Danish West indies
But only after i have finished all of my education here and gotten a good chunk of work experience under my belt
**Svend Tveskæg** (Sweyn Forkbeard, son of Harald Bluetooth and father of Cnut the Great)
North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Antarctica and Australia
Though generally I'm not scared at all
Plus people have strong preferences in which beers they like, so it can't just be changed between people
I've had friends visit me in Randers and go: "omg it's actually a city" or "where are all the bums and crime
No one loves border controls or currency switching.
And I camped at “de schatberg”. It’s such a good place with a lot of nice Dutch people ready to speak English just for you
I would be interested in seeing the percentage of people who rent or live in public housing
I hope you have a great time
that sounds unfortunate
I mean these have very clearly not been weighted the same, but cool nonetheless :)
The Crownprince of Denmark made up a lastname when he studied in the US
Maybe they just dont follow the news
But maybe ot was good after all, what is Norway goong to do when the world realises that oil is not really going to work anymore
I totally bought into the “Romance languages are pretty, Germanic languages are ugly” stereotype
Norway and Sweden look very thin (outside capitals) compared to Denmark
No(r)way
and show that a Liberalconservative uptopia is indeed possible
"Eyjafjallajökullvaðlaheiðarvegavinnuverkfærageymsluskúraútidyralyklakippuhringur"
Yo Iran please draw me like this
Scandinavians are *always* up for sending people salty liquorice, knowing that no one else likes it, and that the results are going to be entertaining.
Purr is called "spinde" in Danish
Suck it Sweden and Norway
Maybe some fields, that are hard to get in to or are viewed a harder study, are regarded higher than others
France’s socialist presidential candidate is calling for universal basic income, tax on robots, and legal weed
We do actually use the more straight forward numbering like in English, when writing checks
In short, the play is about the drunkard peasant who gets drunk and fall asleep on a dung hill
everyone: **panik**
It's insane to be a little disappointed by this picture :P
I know people who drove 200 km (one way) to buy a washing machine in Germany and apparently they saved money
Bolle does mean bun too in Danish
And you were making so much sense too...
They were black back then, though ([1970s version of the movie includes the hats] They [became white around the 1920s] and then after WW2 I believe it became common to only wear them at graduation - perhaps because it was harder to get them made/afford them during the occupation
Where I'm from, this is perfectly legal
In Harghita, Covasna and Mures maybe,but outside those counties you will be hardpressed to find anyone, who isn't of Hungarian or mixed heritage, that knows more Hungarian than igen, pálinka and egeszsegedre
The plot wasn't a thrilling puzzle or even that complicated
Do Ceuta and Melilla make Spain an African country?
Seconded
i mean, the odds are near 0
They pull out the European card when it benefits them and the Turkish (or whatever other nationality they are) card when that benefits them.
The museum just dragged me in
A barrel of land is 5516 m² and is the amount of land you can sow with a barrel of grain
Inside it's either lots of candles and getting the fire going in the fireplace, for warmth and that cozy orange light, or it's high-lumen white light to fool our reptile brains into thinking it's actually daytime
I support Macron due to his pro-EU stance and I would be totally in favour of an investigation should he be guilty of something as well.
I strongly envy thata
You sound like an American
The majorty of people don't really care if people are brown, black of blue, what we care about is how they behave
And you guys call yourself Swamp Germans
I think Denmark has its sights set on the EMA due to its large pharmaceutical industry
It's just "Roman dude 1", "Roman Dude 2", "Rich Roman Dude", "Rich Egyptian" etc
That's not to say that there aren't plenty of nice Copenhagians
My (male) friends and I regularly send hearts and kissing emojis to each other, and none of us are gay
I want
But we actually do have enough salad, it's just slightly more expensive than usual.
Turkmenistan for example means Land of Turkmen - Which is the Turkic group native to Turkmenistan
Yo I didn't know Lithuania used to be that big
Well it's not like it's much work to say "Remember the billion times we said that XYZ are non-negotiable
That has more to do with traveling though.
Honestly I find that more rude than polite
When we where finished with those things it was around 13:00, so we ate some traditionel yule food.
The focus on the resettlements and the people coming over on boats is which has caused the issue.
2020 at it again :(
It's so baffling how everyone is miserably in the summer because of our incredibly well insulated houses but air conditioning is still frowned upon
Rye-bread+Mayonnaise+Salt and pepper is fucking delicious.
The vikings used to have farms up there during the medieval warm period.
Germany, again
Oh la di da, you call the prime minister with informal addressing
That's not an uncommon thing to do.
*Mord* and *mor* \- meaning murder and mum
First of all we say the numbers "reversed". In English 32 would be thirtytwo
Same here
He would brawl with the local police force and come home in the morning with insignia and trinkets taken from the police force
The pylons are 254m tall, making them the tallest strutures in Denmark (besides radio towers).
When \[insert Nordic country\] ranks as *Happiest Country in the World*, what it really means is *On Average Most Free From Material Worries* or something to that tune, not that we are giddy with joy and high on life, which Odin knows we ain't. Especially the British press had a bad habit of taking it a bit too literally
What is a “major” event in your country, that no one from other countries seem to know of
Important context: the [Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances
Work - bicycle 12 km round trip
None of that is to say that the British Empire was *ok*, per say, or that it was an objective good
Where does Santa Claus live
Nothing tops Moses and Apple for weird sibling names, though
Denmark is one of two countries in the world to have no official or unofficial national day, the other being the United Kingdom
And then he said “Danish sounds like someone is speaking with a potato in their mouth”.
Also after the battle at Tap Hede in 1334.
Yes
I really haven’t had any experiences with scammers, or beggars doing weird stuff, except for the homeless immigrants in Copenhagen
Especially if we're talking about western Balkans which is collectively worthless
(And of course often with potatoes)
You left out this part:
XVI century book has high historical value by itself, as well.
According to her I should respect it, at least for the placebo effect
I've been there a few times now, and exicted to go again
That's how much I pay for Netflix over a year!
Why isnt Germany's lights split up between east and west?
With memorial days I meant occupation 09/04, liberation 05/05, and "the day of the deployed" which is like septembre
True, my Norwegian grandmother lived here for 40+ years, she still didn’t sound native
The rich people paying smugglers live in the "wealthy" parts of Syria under government control.
Same could be said about EU - a lot of cultures - huge wage gaps - many languages.
This area is called “ny havn” (pronounced nu hawn, means new harbor) I pass by it everyday on my bike going to work
Russia
There are lots of sunk costs that will have to be paid to achieve something relatively marginal
Bet you bawl like a bitch to Pachelbel's canon in D too.
I've never had the same problem when I've been in Portugal, Greece etc
For exampel Midgårdsormen is the Danish name for Jörmungandr
The dialogue on nuclear is always on nuclear vs fossil fuels, which is a completely pointless debate
Several of the northern rebellious provinces have vast areas of wilderness
like does it have to encompass litterally all of europe
Occasionally, people still bring it up when they recognize my accent, but it’s rarely negative anymore
It's like when the controversial party wins the election, it sucks, but you get the popcorn any way
Rige is somewhere in between empire and realm, but not really either
They definitely aren’t.
Looks chill
Denmark has some of the best tap water in the world
I'm almost proud of my brothers
You can have a soft G but not K, AFAIK
No, this is incorrect
Yes
You are right to be the nazi in this case
Otherwise Denmark would also show some reliance on the nuclear we import from Sweden
** ***Nice and round pie-charts
I think it also depends on the situation to some extent
I just want to drop the fact that the official Danish title for Die Hard With A Vengeance is "Die Hard Mega Hard".
Okay it appears it is the lowering of policies and not the achieved result that push Denmark down the list.
I still always take friends from out-of-town whenever they visit the city
I'm sorry, what
Copenhagen vs Aarhus or more accurately, the island of Sjælland (Zealand) vs the peninsula of Jylland (Jutland)
In Serbia was asked was i thought about Croats and i told a middle aged man that yeah i liked them nobody treated my badly, he shaked his head and left like he couldn't understand why i didn't think of them as Hitler 2.0.
Fin(n) Island - Wait those exist
That whole area is just brystvorte
And in Denmark
we'll be right back in on the same terms as before.
"don't take it for gospel" Always a good point and I certainly agree that it can't be boiled down to geographic factors - culture certainly plays into this big time.
There, I'll take the blame for saying the 'mean' thing instead of the Germans
Some advocated as I said that nude pictures or soft core child porn were "just playing with them naked" and "they don't even understand what's happening" and "we're just encouraginh them to be comfortable with their bodies".
Philppe = Filip
I also said the people I know that use restaurants the absolute most - there’s a wide range before that
Du er fandme død, knægt
I think there are some rules like in German, but for comparison German would have way more rules when it comes to gender
But none of those apply to the Catalonia case at all
I don't know why, but I actually prefer it this way
It has an economic exclusive zone of 7.5 million km2.
We decided a while ago to stop caring about trees in Denmark i guess
Plus the handle on the snow shovel came lose, so goddamnit sweden, why so snow!
I like going there for a walk, at least
Whenever these types of attacks pop up you can pretty much jump to the most obvious conclusion as well because there's like a 95% chance you'll be right.
Never heard of it as a meme - only ever ran into it, due to first reading about it in a museum in Stockholm, and then later when I was taking my masters in History we were taught about how they are told this in Sweden (and then of course the before mentioned incident)
Hej, jeg hedder John, det er en fornøjelse at møde dig
She pretty much scammed Denmark for 111 million crowns and then rushed to south africa
Thanks
A popular "reference meme" would be this [Træls i gennem en længere periode] It translates roughly as "Annoying for a long time".. The guy with the beanie is being interviewed about a killing another person and in the interview he shows very little remorse and said the reason for killing the other guy was because "He had been annoying for a long time period". This video already became quite known when it came out, but it really took off in around 2015-2016 when the daughter of the guy who was killed goes on TV to tell that she finds the video annoying but that just ended up boosting the popularity of the video even more
Many people stick with the same small group of friends they grew up with, or met while studying
At the harland & wolff, yes
Norway for the vikings, even though Norway was technically Danish territory back then
We like being honest with our kids about the meat going into their mouths, its pretty common for young school kids to visit a farm, its also very common for the Zoo's to do that, but us Danes turn it into an educational time for kids about the african plain animals food chain etc
I always thought it was about just cooking, but in hindsight I remember there being washing machines too
One of them once yanked a bottle out of my hands
all for all of the top, except the Dutch
I always thought it was about just cooking, but in hindsight I remember there being washing machines too
i like that
This is what I love about Transylvania, the only thing is that it could have been so much cooler, if all the Germans had remained, instead of being sold to West Germany
[Sweden is like]
It was just as much the British, Russia, France, Serbia and Austria-Hungary
Well, it did
>Skriðdreki = tank (military)
None of that "before 9 pm" business here
[Move to Northern Ireland, and sit down and wait?]
I learned in already 5th grade already
First, I don't know if you follow the news, but there's actually a war going on in Syria.
Put differently, a world in which the British Empire was *evil* (and I'm not saying you claim it is, but many do) is a world in which nearly every nation and people before the 20th century is evil
Its in danish, but when it came out, a guy in reddit translated the subtitles into English
* Vaccinations
It's about two teens, becoming adults, but set in the time setting of 1972, were Denmark voted about getting into the EU(EF back then), so it got some coming of age and some historical political stuff.
Our statesminister has for a couple days since announced new coronarestrictions out
(also they're filled with vanilla pudding instead of jelly)
Yeah, it's just poorly divided regions by the state
But yea, usually those with the _thicc'est_ dialects switch 'naturally', or how to put it, I completely agree
We also have people like Søren Ryge and Jørgen Skovgaard, but they’re more niche
In particular, the     Committee expressed serious concern that not enough scientifically-based     evidence was available to confirm that circumcisions prevented HIV     contraction and that the public at large was influenced by incorrect  and    misrepresented information
I heard about this a few years ago
That's just sad
Sweden obviously
Randers - trashy but in a more light-hearted way than Lolland
It's completely idiotic
Do wooden buildings last for many centuries in Finland?
Though I'm sure cameras in recent years have accelerated any longer term trend or societal norm
Guys here will often do a handshake when they go their separate ways, and also often when meeting
Points 1 and 4 alone would make you persona non grata in Danish politics.
"original Europeans" is kind of a hazy and problematic term though
The most popular being football and handball
Denmark had to redefine itself as it was now small, homogenous, weak and poor so we unified around everything Danish like the language, vikings, nature in art and literature
But seriously, he's one of those kings rarely mentioned, so not many has an opinion on him
I pretty vehemently disagree, although I acknowledge that they have had the advantage of having the climate for a bunch of interesting vegetables
No no
What are the odds
Most people are generally positive, bad comments, and harsh comments are often submitted by people when they are frustrated, and when they need an out.
Then they lock it up intil school ends
If you're completely ignoring reality, then the discussion exists on an utopian plane that's disconnected from the real world, which could often make the eventual outcome of this discussion inapplicable to the real world
I'm sure you know which countryI'm speaking of
[BLOX] is also a contender
Border runs for beer will be a *fucking long drive* now
Soon, soon
Are we going to sit idle when swedes take our kanelsnegl and mark it as swidish
All of this unfortunately also leads to some dog owners feeling superior as cats doesn't have the same law as dogs
I wish I lived in the world 36% of Americans seem to think we do
Which is why Ireland is currently in court over Apples 14 billion euro tax bill
To change the constitution you need:
Well, it was first defined by Aksel Sandemose, a Danish writer, but he didn't come up with it, he described an existing small-town mentality
It was the perfect plan, untill my mom found out that my dad didn't understand a word she was saying
A stronger center-right is the biggest problem the EU currently has.
A change has happened here within the last 10-20 years
Are you talking about a Treaty of Friendship?
i do live in a larger city in my country
Personally I think Norwegians say tak and only spell it takk
[The Ugly Duckling] og just about anything from H.C.
That is more federalisation
i wil pay denbts wit Germanies suplus monies
We don't dub
which is the tank and which is arnold
Our son (age 17) is away at school but is of course equally welcome to bring home girls (or boys)
Oh, I thought this was /r/AsKEurope, a subreddit dedicated to *asking questions*.
Nah, Denmark and the nature here can be lovely
I voted for the party which has a name that directly translates as "The left", but they're actually on the center right, because of the brilliant naming scheme of Danish parties
You are comparing a completely normal part of the human body being removed to vaccinations that prevent dangerous ilnesses and a medical condition.
Well seems like a good idea
Being from Iceland where everything went bananas during the original metoo wave
> I am saying that in the broadest meaning of the word 'liberalism' I am opposed to that certain ideological direction
There are some areas of the city i really want to see what looks like
They have to ask, it's simple
for the same reason more and more people voted dansk folkeparti the past 2 decades.
Anders Primdahl Vistisen (Dansk Folkeparti) (YES/YES)
In Denmark you may not fly the Danish flag after sundown, as that would mean you fly it for Satan
That is why in so many ways the, at the time, serious interest from Trump to buy Greenland off Denmark was, to quote our PM "Absurd". To which Trump, as the mature person he is, promptly called of his own invitation to Denmark, two weeks before he was meant to arrive
Danish equivalent of the tristate area in the US, but just with towns of Vejle, Kolding and Fredericia
We lost Slesvig and Holsten completely
UK: I want unicorn
It means to be "in love" but only in the euphoric way
Montenegro has had innumerable elections going back decades where many parties are divided with shares of 20%, 30%, 40%, this doesn't happen in places like Putin's Russia (even with the fake opposition parties)
no matter what
especially woman, tend to be colder than me
*sarcasm*
His danish accent was average at best
There aren’t any big cities, at least not by European standards other than Copenhagen
But the infographic is about EU countries
Want to swap
To make it even harder, the d in *mord* is silent
I have yet to meet a non-Hungarian Romanian, who understands Hungarian
After that I cheer for the underdog
But essentially a politician can’t be fired
If anything "My bus was late" or "I missed my bus"
Well, it does come from the greek gymnós (meaning naked
According to her I should respect it, at least for the placebo effect
The simple answer for Danish without doing any research on complex grammar in my language, would probably be the word "hygge" which I am obligated to feel proud of
Most people live in cities, far from what people would call "rural". People just assume we call live in rural areas for some reason
It's disgoosting
We only want very specific workers, and those we want are already VERY wanted in Spain and Portugal aswell.
Sure but several countries simply won't go for a European army, her I'm thinking us, Sweden, Ireland, Austria and maybe the Netherlands and Greece for starters.
However, I still don’t really get what hauptschule is
In Denmark a lot of people drive to Germany to shop for candy, soda and Nutella
Biggest market in terms of purchasing power
Absolutely stunning mountain landscapes.
“itinerary”?
Bah, no one cares about that non-existent country of Sweden.
But businesses keep rejecting this and lobbying against it so it rarely happens
Find which local party is a member of the European Green Party here:
What's stopping pan-European parties today.
You consider that cheap
I also find that people in the Nordic’s are often portrayed as being kinda distant from western (American) society, as if people here don’t know anything about America at all, and have never seen any kind of technology before
The old cities of Europe also have smaller roads
They are just high-rise buildings with potted plants.
[Østerport II] has been awarded the architecture monstrosity award in Copenhagen by referendum
In general, though, it's not a strong accent - Rigsdansk with noticeable traces of something else, but not noticeable enough to pin-point what it is
And now I probably will think about it
Most likely one of the countries that does not have one will have the highest low average wages.
Right across from Aurora
Stay mad republics
Is it the same
I mean it seems quite practical to me, so it makes sense that it's popular is you can't bothered to do too much grooming
Road trip movies were they drive for HOURS
Is this gay slang for something?
As a Dane, this is so wrong
Bojo secret IRA plant 50 years in the making
That accordion guy is frightening, basically a weapon of deterrence.
(I still do, but not to my parents)
If you don't have a drivers licence or a passport you can get an official ID card with a picture on it
My mother teaches english and she says Hamlet is a bit too long
Sturgeon must have some reason to have a wish for another referendum, and I do understand her, as the Scots were kind of promised to stay in the EU if they voted stay in the United Kingdom.
1) Because this thread about FGM in the UK.
Far from "really annoying" me, this is actually an incredibly tiny thing, but I hear it so persistently that it has started grating on me
- UK companies also owns infrastructure abroad.
I would just reinstate our old flag of a black raven on a white background
I think I remember hearing Jamie Bell say in an interview that they had to learn it, or at least a language based on it
How did the fact that Naples is the main seat of the Camorra, the Mafia of Campania, escape you
It was indeed a nice experience
Elections have consequences
I think I recall a few reboots
So in theory, we could revoke their devolved governments without breaching the constitution in any way
Still I have heard that higher education in Greenland is taught in Danish not Greenlandic, but they might have changed that
Do you guys still learn Danish at school
Say you
It sounds very probable that Scotland will introduce a temporary currency pegged to the Pound Sterling.
We were sitting with a big beer and the waiter comes with three HUGE servings, probably too big, and to make up for our experience in Czechia of course we had to eat every single particle of food on our plates
Holy shit that's amazing
While we have republicans of course, the vast majority of the populations of Sweden, Norway and Denmark are monarchists and strongly in favor of continuing the hereditary monarchies.
Reading Game of Thrones, I absolutley HATE the translation of names and places
They are also paying of the debt in Danish Kroner.
I like to fancy them up with vanilla pudding, marzipan remonce and a tiny bit of chocolate
I have not seen it all far from it
your hands might not be dirty but your pockets quite so:
Nah it's just that hot
Erdogan should do the opposite of Renzi and declare that if the vote is for yes he'll resign.
I guess you would easily be as baffled about how little money the church gets in donations, as we are with how much your churches get
It's a turning point in any gay boy's life when he finds out, that the 'straight guys' are professional pornstars
The only thing better than cheap beer is free beer
but a lot of stuff outside of Denmark are drawn by danish designers/arcitects
>They say Jeppe is a drunkard, but they don't say *why* Jeppe is a drunkard
My personal nomination would be this: [Jeg vil la' lyset brænde] or maybe [Vågner i natten]
There seem to already then be this mindset of wanting to see an end to conflict
The problem is that so long as Greenland and the Faroes keep threatening independence, all of this is up in the air
We rarely have a majority government.
Acknowledging the liberation on the 5th/6th of May is barely observed anymore, and Constitution Day is also very low-key and more political than an occasion that calls for decorations or special meals
Oh yes, all the time
Because i think reading/buying an entire book on another countries happiness is a waste of time and money?
You don't have to be in the parliament to be a politician
I mean, I've experienced it my whole life and I'm in my late 20s now
But it does lead to some fun discussions of which monarch should remain head of state
It's dangerous to force companies (or people) to comply to political opinion.
Send snow plz
I just want to add some more nuance to my comment
They are on the Council, but we do not grant them the rank of Nordic country
I love it so much, perfect soup for a cold winter day
It doesn’t seem to prevent anything
Tjenestemand
They are all free
as this article says the change of the emperors status from a divine being to just a man.
Bruh we moved to a new classrom in my school and its 30 degrees celsius, no air conitioners, but we do have windows but we have some of the most annyoing girls in our class that keeps closing them because they think its cold or something
And the modern speaker
as it is at least materially identifiable
Denmark: For the most parts lumped together with Spain with it's siesta, mediterreanean culture, mama-boys but passionate lovers.
It's just not really a topic here, so it'd be hard to look down on Slavic people since you might be one yourself for all you know.
Danish is the same as german
Not our fault the English language doesnt have a proper word for a open faced sandwich.
So, it's not that bad
First as Saxons, then as part of the Frankish Empire, then the East-Frankish Kingdom, then the Holy Roman Empire, then mainly Prussia and finally in the 2 world wars
Our "rivalry" has been memed so much that I feel people would be dissapointed if we did not keep it up
I laughed, but then realised she was deadly serious
Also, Ive never seen danish turned into engrish before
I'm not *that* old
So it's basically impossible
I'd say house parties are more common when you're still in your teens/younger adults, mainly because it's so much cheaper to buy alcohol in shops, rather than buying in bars, and teens don't have the same money as adults.
the relationship between Turkey and Russia was improving
Which is worse, someone who is incompetent or someone who is malicious?
$90 (EUR63) for 25gb a month, but my download speed in Central Sydney is typically 150mbps down, but slowly things are getting cheaper in Australia..
" (Here you go, Sir
These days, hardly anyone watches the Swedish channels, so it makes sense that younger Danes start understanding Swedish less
It has nothing to do with being more or less polite.
Sexual assault capital of Europe?
That makes me think of the queens (French) husband - he was once telling the media how he went fox hunting  and caught a fox
At least that's how I always think Sick Sauna goes
Unfortunately if there's demand there's always gonna be supply
No matter where you put most of your time, you're just as much a part of the community as everyone else
Here he beheaded the count in his bed, who now haunts the building (there are some factual difficulties here, as the building with the window was built around 300 years later and the old building burned down, but still)
The Risk map disagrees with the UN.
It won't, ever
Why do they have members of parliament then?
It is never too late
Better just to do the part you can and come back to to the other part later then wait to get the car removed
Apparently, Danes are impossible to annoy
His external image is however excellent
It means the chickens were vegan
I mean, it was at an airport
It really shouldn't be lauded as antisemitism to propose a ban on male infant circumcision
Say two people become aggressive towards each other
and in '84 it was 5,1 mio
That's also the case in the southern most part of Jutland.
A sad reflection of the social Moors
My lithuanian girlfriend has a habit of using baking soda.
I haven't heard about that, but it's lost its head a couple of times, as well as its arms and been painting red and stuff
But why did so many people vote for him though?
We're not coming back anytime soon
Gifler IS better - there I said it, I feel dirty and will face any consequences of my actions
This comment aged badly
Now, I don't have to at all, but I can't sleep knowing that someone could potentially just walk in and kill me at any time, even if no one will ever realistically try doing that
We revolutionized shipbuilding and to this day we still on top of the shipping game worldwide
BIER
Ive been to copenhagen, but never in this part
Usually in larger gatherings but for smaller parties kids usually sit with their parents
Wtf i was joking, and i got 27 downvotes haha
From that point they will have 2 years to adapt.
Scania (and H and B) were parts of the realm it in it self.
Bruh are you for real
Regardless, neither Jews nor Muslims can be made responsible for discriminatory laws passed by Norwegian and German politicians.
They can choose to get the flu shot or not
genuinely had no idea there was anything going on in Belarus, much less a protest or anything of the sort
Stadig en bunke lort
Beside the memes, we are generally polite towards the Swedish, when we meet them in person, but we have found other ways to get back at them
I am suddenly very, very interested in watching the Eurovision the next time it rolls around
Trump wants to ban people based on what they believe.
The contents of the treaties have largely been covered by other treaties which came after them, such as the Geneva conventions, but they are still valid and legally binding documents which most existing nations, including the US, have signed and ratified
Even though Denmark still depend on those (coal, biomass and gas) there are periods where the Danish grid rely solely on import and decentral generation (e.g. wind and solar)
We are constantly looking forward in politics
Iceland because we have a meme beef with Norway and Sweden meaning I can’t support them in any way
Go poverty
In much of the US, it is not something you do in "polite company" or over dinner.
The Mediterranean sea water is warmer than Scandinavia
Small nations have greater proportional representation everywhere in the EU
>Oslo
And flags
Raisin buns or chocolate buns
*academic purposes*.
If it's "Standard Norwegian" or Scanian, it's not too hard for me to understand it, since those are the dialects (probably) most similar to Danish, but the farther away it is from those, the harder it gets
Sweden, frick them
We use fuck *very* liberally
As a Dane I am enraged beyond belief
Denmark is not as progressive as you guys are
And it was the Arab Spring that lead to the Syrian Civil War and the migrant crisis
They are what is known as "public service", meaning they are obligated by law to be as unbiased as possible, to inform the public
It's basically our No
Depends on what kind of tourist you are if all you wanna do is lie down on the beach in 30 degrees Celsius then Denmark is definitely not the place for you since we tend to have quite shitty weather
It doesn't even have to last that long
USA, maybe
That's cute Murica, but I think we'll pass
"/"I don't care" in around 2015
Awsome, makes sense that you dropped out
Story about "sexmob incident" in Frankfurt: *Never posted on r/europe.*
Better get back to Africa you filthy Ape
Whats up with that
imho still better than inserting even more diacritics in the language; you guys already have, I think, four different diacritics to add to letters
The Rain is a live action show, it's not animated
It is an absolute joy to be a part of, and I am sure the other moderators feel the same way
Don't think they have any specific laws regarding it, as long as it is for own consumption.
Also: Take a break to enjoy the daylight when/if it's there
We don't live *at all* like vikings in *any* Scandinavian country.
It's a scary world we live in, but probably less scary if you live near a McD, Starbucks or if Amazon delivers packages to your country
> while mineral fuel exports are the fastest growing export in Denmark
It comes from "Odins samt vi" which translates roughly into "Odin Together We" or "Odin's Shrine". Yes, it's also gibberish in Danish
I would recommend Eastern Europe.
Sweden: nice
Wait
The girl casually tossed a tea bag into a paper cup, added a good smash of milk, topped it up with hot water, and put the lid on.
When people have ice cubes, they fill a special ice cube tray or bag with water and freeze it in the freezer
Pronounciation
I use English
*Significantly* more so than the alternatives
Not exactly
(said more like Huw) If you have an accident, this word is more than enough to say: Sorry, my bad, everything wrong, apologies
But the conversation wasn't about High German
- Gender neutral and uncomplicated (no extra meaning like “friend”) word for boyfriend/girlfriend
The first documented use of the word "Austria" comes from 1147, which is long after Proto-Germanic times
<0 = cold
Similarly to how a lot of Italians and Frenchmen and Spaniards are really proud of their cuisine, just turned up to a ten
It's due to foreign investors seeing DKK as one of the safest currencies in the world.
> That apparently the Danish are like the butt of every *language joke told by other Scandinavians
I hope you’re all getting through the heat
Random holiday
*Wealth* inequality is actually pretty high in Denmark (compared to the rest of Europe), while *income* inequality is the lowest or one of the lowest
It's like that, but wetter
Sounds interesting
[Martin Jensen - Solo Dance]
**Greenland:** Drunk, depressed and cold
And the history of Europe is totally defined only by the countries that did not have colonies.
If you want iOS, you have to buy Apple, but if you want Android OS, you can choose
Both should be accountable for their action.
Scandinavia isn't a geographical region, it's a cultural one
* Natural gas: 21%
Sveikinu
En by i Rusland
\- Real snow
"Were other members prevented from opting out"
Tbh, my dad is a garbage man and I’ve been with him to work once
As my dad just pointed out to me: the real unspoken fear here is that our pig population will get infected
If you live any of those places you'd likely be able to save around 300 to 800 euros each month depending on the city
It's a bust
(Btw the same scissors with an orange plastic handle is also very prevalent in Denmark
Personally I was 19
I have never understood why people like Schulz, he has the charisma of an accountant.
I work as a truck driver and get up at 4
That implies Eastern Europe was only held back economically due to Russia.
I drink more than that in a week.
They should have thought about that before doing something criminal.
I mean my second internship was at Frederiksberg tailoring a quite popular tailoring place, it was cool I guess
Unless Football's on of course
But then that doesn't really tell you where the forest was, or which city they had the eastern farm in
For example, on the Dutch Wiki article about "Denemarken" it says: "Denemarken is het zuidelijkste Scandinavische land
10 isn't gonna get you anywhere
Uh a fellow dane
All our neighbours
I like to make fun of the capital's accent, but the real outlier is actually my specific accent
Meh, it eventually ended the way it should have
Another kind of Danish:
The EU is not a liberal democracy, or these nations would have written the rule book (Austria, Germany, Czech republic, Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden, Finland ...).
How many of your country's current problems can be attributed to "too few marines"?
English: very much taken for granted and I’ve met extremely few people who don’t speak it
Though, this is a really boring example to showcase how Danish differs from English
I'm sure a lot of Americans thought it to be impossible as well.
Forgot
Lots of smaller cities you can fully explore in a day
[This guy] on r/europe did a great job for the Dutch parties
The US has just elected Trump, and you suggest giving more direct power to all the clueless masses?
Being against universal healthcare and education because you want to skim that extra amount of money
it was a mig 21
I think the majority of people would have voted for "smørrebrød" (black bread with topping like: pork, ham, sasauge and leverpostej (a kind of pâté))
"Hey, Wolf
The job of a politician is to negotiate compromises.
Le Pen seems roughly equally popular with every age group.
Whatever excuse you want to use is fine by me.
How exactly does this work
The new city centre opens this year
Good
the best are probably Aarhus university and Copenhagen university
The only sign ive seen that me slightly nervous was when driving next to a military area where artillery and tanks train
I have so many questions
1.1 percentpoint in 2013, 0.4 percentpoint in 2014 and 0.6 percentpoint in 2015.
But never Sweden
It's just people like you that wants to make it much more difficult than it actually is
I haven't noticed any difference in vocabulary anyway
Looking at the statistics, the USA is #12 in cases / million people
The fact that we had slaves doesn't make me angry, as it was a norm for the time, and much of the worlds economy was build upon it.
And it's almost always farmers and a few people who don't got the money to sterilise their cats, that keeps these problems flowing
Scandinavism is in no way dead, we're still united in hating Sweden
I guess we kinda relate to them in a way to be honest
Just ask them
cheap
The problem with this is, that talking about people who aren't socialists, as socialists, only further entrenches the capitalist system that socialists supposedly oppose
40 is also funny in Danish, because the long form is spelled *fyrretyve* (four twenty), but it actually means four tens (like in Swedish and English)
But
Mostly I would say Danes are not taught an opinion about him at all
Now we also have "Den ternede Ninja" from the same guy who did "Terkel i Knibe" and it's also really good, though not as violent
My father plays L'Hombre (a very old Spanish card game) and you have to take out cards of the deck to get down to 40 cards
Søren Mosegaard burned a bible in 1997 in the hope of provoking reactions from christians, so he could write a book based on those reactions.
Maybe I'm just dreaming of an easy way out
The English language one I use *all the time*.
Personally I would support it but the fact that Denmark and Sweden is in the EU while Norway and Finland isn't, while Denmark and Norway is in NATO and Sweden and Finland isn't just complicates it way to much.
"Abandon all hope, ye who enter here"
Since we're going cartoon/comic crazy I was wondering if this cartoon or even better the comic) reached you country?
I pay for the support for a political party, which also grants me a form of membership
Denmark is generally considered to be founded as a country in the 8th century, but there are signs of a country already from the 6th century
It's you who proceed to portray all muslims as terrorist or something.
Been there a lot
Last winter I almost backed into a bicyclist when reversing out of a driveway at night
Fx, in 2007, Latvia did send "Questa Notte" by Bonaparti
1% for Denmark
We have unfortunately seen more and more cats from the wild coming into facilities due to there being no law to prevent people from dumping kittens
Like, Liberal is much broader than that, and I mean it in the broadest possible way
The teachers gave them weird assignments, like “draw a German”, which resulted in like twenty drawings of skinheads
Much of it was actually filmed in Czechia :)
Cause, why the fuck not
Damn that camera though
AI is as biased as the humans who created it
Det Østrig-Ungarske kejserrige/imperium
Aside from that, the studenterhue tradition is also pretty strange
No need to be sorry
Even standard Danish (the Copenhagen dialect, really) omits letters and sounds of words and contracts words as well as glottal stops and similar pronunciation patterns.
Why are you so sure, it's clear that Erdogan doesn't see europe as it's ally.
1 kasse øl, to kasser øl, tre kasser øl ... and so on
Nazism was about German superiority and domination, about Labensraum etc
Well, I do vote Radical Left in the elections
You're comparing oranges to apples though.
Rasmus Paludan havde skandale skrevet på ham
That's almost impressive
The polls show the opposition leading so I doubt very much the government want an election right now.
No making people stateless is a whole different matter, she already has Dutch citizenship.
The HP series is filled with name translations to create the same name "clues" the English version has
\*Cries in danish\*
Most Saudis like their monarch, but we can still critique him
Edit: Props to Lithuania for an equally crazy graph
It's the same in Sweden, Norway and Iceland
Again, where exactly did you expect the culture to come from
It was strange every time to say the least
You guys do tend to have 5-7 names
The percentage for Denmark is so high that it couldn't even be included in the picture
I'm sure it's equivalent (and probably inherited from) Latin -ia, as in Russia, Dania, Italia, etc
Especially the sun
F u regards Denmark
It's also diktat in Danish
your president wanted to buy us
It just rubs me the right way when I hear it and always made me feel wholesome
Many people here still thinks it's her body her choice no matter what the father wants.
Hardcore islamists generally havnen't been accepted at all in Tunisia (especially under the Zine El-Abdine government), therefore they move(d) to other countries.
To me, as another outsider
Is the same true for the UK
I remember at some point Finland used to be the butt of all jokes along with Sweden in Denmark, but now it's just Sweden
If you include Greenland, we have tons of it
There were two entrances in each end of the school
The same can be said about yours
When swedes and norwegians insult danish people, they call them "danish devil".
Having multiple parties is nice but I wonder if it means someone could get into office with less than 30% of the vote.
The former are a tiny collection of isles in the Atlantic, the latter incredibly cold and infertile and mostly uninhabitable
No banned, but generally looked down upon
Desværre overholdes det slet ikke - det er det samme i Norge og Sverige
Were all very nice people (not sure if Chech Republic count as eastern Europe though, the Poles were also adament that they were Central Europeans, and I agree geographically, but in my mind it's old USSR/East of the wall = Eastern Europe).
A nice little tradition
But no
3 natural, 7 manmade
But when it was chosen, a couple of years ago
All
I like my chances
Are they abandoned so you can just walk in
Personally the free spirit is one of the things i absolutely love about Berlin, although i can imagine the constant partying and drinking on the street might get annoying.
It's a cute but unspeakable animal
Socialist and socialism represent everything that they are against.
This was all before Corona though
We do not, and I have mixed feelings about it.
Yes they would send you to an internment camp in Denmark from 1943 until the occupation lifted.
you might get lucky if you join clubs, attend any social gathering you possibly can, and are very brave with approaching people and letting you goal be known to them
Danish one is definitely wrong
This is so going to be the embarrassing story at my wedding: when I was kid, I thought the same
It's not that the government is not allowed to do purely political decisions
I've been questioned about it several times, though - it sounds just Jutish enough that Copenhagener's find it quaint, but just Copenhagenish enough that Jutes find it foreign
Danish design ftw
Ryanair were honestly too experienced
Yeah but they have other desserts other than biscuits like ice cream sundaes and jelly and pretty good milkshakes, so we aren't missing out
Nothing is Scandinavian
It's not really something most people feel strongly about one way or the other.
The same is (should be) done in all other foreign languages in the Danish school system
I live in Denmark
And singling out one specific religion or ethnic group to be discriminated is not very leftist.
It seriously blew my mind when I learned that no one else had them
yeah you always meet people that either went to your friend's efterskole, or happened to live 5km from where you grew up
Not trying to steal any thunder from our Norwegian buddies, but I think I speak for pretty much everyone in the Nordics when I say that we all like Scotland very much
Well, the Scandinavian languages all influence each other, and were descended from old norse as far as I'm aware
Unless you're Scanian of course
It is not Sealand or Zealand it is Sjælland
IMO we're more like "The most contented country in the world
Nothing's a bad excuse if you can blame the danes ;)
I'm a student, it happens to everyone around me as well
The Russian economy is not a one trick pony.
That's a quite modern by european standards
I, at least, didn't learn any Shakespeare in HTX
That it reduces everything down to two highly problematic parties and there's no chance in hell of a third party ever gaining support?
Don’t forget its Latin name: Lalandia
I worry about europe in general but specifically France
I'd like to the see an independent Frisian state
The lack of cashless payment is astounding
kinda weird
In suprised Denmark is not higher on the list
Polish to me is the snake whisperer language
Im more interested in median salary
Dude I was just pointing out OP messed up translating the name
It shouldn't be taboo to show a person that you care and love them, no matter their gender, even when it is in a purely platonic way
They can make of that what they like
As should be the case for any country that practices proper separation of powers.
I thought the german noble was thrown out and replaced with a Danish prince, whose line continued (with a break) until you removed monarchy for good
Which confuses a lot of Americans when I live in USA for a while
Both languages are registered as minority languages meaning they can establish schools.
Doing the islands as well, glad you like it
r/finlandconspiracy
I believe that such a nationality, because that is what a 'European identity' would mean, with its own nationalism, etc
I don't think there's often any rhyme or reason to when you should make compound words or not
forget choosing a theme, it's all flags when it comes to celebrations
How do you feel about "ever closer union"
Mygdal: Mosquito Valley
**Edit**
Japan's Shinkansen is certainly used by commuters
>	Well single payer systems are not really free
Well we do that thing, the Germans do too
You don't need to explain your position
For example your restaurant make a meal, a German pays for it
We don't need anything more than a trade union
This is magnificent
I wish I never saw that picture
There shouldn't exist a cap as long as the state can bear it, if we're talking about refugees.
The government, when they wanted to do the lockdown in the spring, said their plan was informed by the relevant public agencies in charge of health, and got the other parties to support their lockdown
It's super simple and super secure
In fact, I don't see any agreement as to what a tax haven really is.
It's still a cool place in many ways but I most certainly do not wish to live there as it stands
Sjælland is at least as Brian as our worst areas
Nothing much otherwise
Why would we call him the good
As others have said, it's also a way for many of coping
And how do you get to that coclusion?
You may consider him a legitimate target
There's more than one 'Most livable cities' ranking.
It's god some old buildings just like any other European city but nothing that interesting
No better time to enact Article 13 than the time where everyone is at home and on the internet
In an American context I would call them more "racist moderate biased", but you're not wrong
I wonder if EU's new plan to share a amount of the budget for defensive (research and production) will be used to help low performing areas.
Plus some towns in region Zealand, like Nakskov, have been hit hard by de-industrialisation
Wait, what do they *want* you to book with then
A much nearer comparison would be to ask if Lofoten could "prosper" on its own
You cause one little bloodbath and you get named a tyrant
I'm aware they face the same issues in Sweden and Norway, according to the teacher of our company's branches there
What is the word you were going for OP
Anders Fogh Rasmussen should have been charge for warcrimes.
Don't you believe the articles explanation?
Well you guys wanted the Soviet Union and the rest of Europe
In a lot of ways Russia already seems very much like parts of Europe.
No questions about Tito and communism or the wars that followed the breakup of Yugoslavia?
I thought that was kinda weird, until I realised I have done the same with reading an article in bokmål if there weren't a Danish one
The monopoly trade got a bad reputation, because the merchants appointed to ship grain to Iceland would sometimes send the worst grain, which couldn't be sold normally, as they only got a fixed and low price for it on Iceland
It was changed in 1866 because we lost Slesvig and Holsten completely
Costa del Sol without those people?
And I think we both realise that this subreddit has an _extremely_ liberal definition of whats considered "Europe" - I think mostly due to the huge amount of non-Europeans commenting
When I was a kid even the smell would make me gag
> Copenhagen's landmarks
We don't get snow often in Denmark, but my family has sometimes made ice lanterns
Djån mejd his wej tru a tavern tru de dark forest, åwnli to fejnd aut dat hi forgot de monni
We haven't had snow for like 10 years, how are we supposed to practise
Why is it scary that you agree with another human being, please relax.
> ...and in all of the rest republics
Beer label
He did, Finns and Japanese also got considered honorary aryans doing the war.
not interested in any way
In denmark if the groom goes to the toilet the men get to Kiss the bride and vice versa
This is so true
Gigi D'agostino dude
Whereas I as a city person don’t feel it at all
Ice cubes feels like the biggest luxury
7 or 8 (around 87/88) and I went to Albufeira, Portugal with my grandparents.
Someone owns the land and has a cost associated with it
> The Irish word for Wales translates to Little Britain
Gorm the Old
Elitism is thriving
I actually felt dumber having read it
Last year at a Christmas thing at an old prison, they came and waddled by
You think the EU don't want to follow the status quo?
Like this :-)
The one that starts at around 5 minutes is the one that got to me, I honestly still think about it 10 years after having watched it at sixth form:
The old homes and cottages were used as refugee centres during the Vietnam-war.
The attitudes towards immigration is most likely a little more conservative than in the other Nordics.
The worst thing that has happened to me on a vacation happened right here in Denmark, and it's not really much of a horror story, just bad luck
Just a heads up, we're known as the Danish Social Liberal Party, in English
So that was the most distinct about the animal
Just surrender
If experience teaches us anything about those mobs it's that you shouldn't give them an inch
At alt er en eneste blok
I’m sure Denmark isn’t the only country that has changed over the past few years, and we’re probably not the ones it has the worst effects on, but people will look at how it has become visibly hotter and still refuse to believe in climate change all because there are profits in oil
I actually like that May 1st isn't a holiday; it means that it is a day of strike or walk-outs instead
And very rude to simply take other peoples without asking, which is what we're talking about here
Edit: read /u/Dnarg 's responce, it's better, also mentiones the for emphasis thing, is actually quite important.
That is very confusing for everybody else, especially English speaking visitors
Not speaking a word of it besides Perkele.
Everyone is against cigarettes but as soon as alcohol or Xanax or any other thing is mentioned, they run away
Saying conspiracy-theory doesn't count as an argument
And I am an immigrant in Denmark
I don't understand why this even is an issue.
Snow
There is barely anyone left who is pro-immigrant
This will discourage some
r/fadervittigheder
We have the highest share of wind in the grid and one of the highest rates of reliability in Europe
Haha, very sneaky
Next they can maybe build a train to the airport
States with weak economies suffer from being in a union together with states with strong economies
Same in Denmark
In the 70's you had a lot of music inspired by Bob Dylan, jimi Hendrix and the hippie movement as well as more mainstream rock
The US embassy in Iraq is a goddamn fortress
EU: Then you get nothing
They are also just compound words.
So if there's usually *no* green at all, chances are someone removed it
Do you receive a lot of single dollar bills
We’re just not good a confrontation
Snafflin' coobeasties, an' all
Derry Girls is absolutely one of the best shows I've watched recently
Flensburg was the second largest city in all of the Danish Realm untill 1864, and Kiel was the third largest, and Kiel had one of the only two universities
Yes - I guess - one party systems (like china) with ability for many to join and vote - is somewhere in between.
Eh, you can't compare crimes other than homicide.
Except for the police forces using revolvers
And tbh I think it boils down to how good we have it here
The only subs where I can relate to are subs that are inherently international, and in many of those there are many posts I still can't relate to because they focus on an American perspective
Guess i am a bit weird
If you are being called racist or xenophobe, maybe it's worth taking a look at your statements and try to understand how it might be seen as something different from "just stating the facts". Maybe not
She has always had male friends
In 2017 it was the 100 year anniversary for the sale of the US Virgin Islands
There's just something about it - like a calm and beauty that's hard to find elsewhere
Well, we're the only Scandinavians that can spell properly, but perhaps we should pronounce written Danish in Norwegian, lol
Title is misleading
[how to play danish beer bowling]
This is played a most parties here and people love it
Why is Cuba doing much better than any of those in terms of human development even given the embargo by the US?
You are 1/1 European which is plenty.
I think this represents one of the major reasons why the left-wing is collapsing in Europe.
Not when you're playing EU4 either.
**Ole Rømer** (made the first quantitative estimate of the speed of light)
I say we try something interesting, as a social experiment.
Lol yeah that's true, subtitles always seemed much more colourful than our actual swearing vocabulary
So, when we graduate academic secondary education when we're around 19, we drive around in an open truck all day with our classmates, while stopping at each kid's parents' house to get snacks and drinks
hmm
We would ask for 250g, 500g, 750g or 1kg
It seems like you need minimum a 8-10 million population to make yourself heard in Europe so to speak
World, meet Guldrisengrød.
In the latter case, they are basically identical, sometimes hardly even dialectally distinguished, but considered separate because their speakers won't deign to be conflated with each other
Yes, it's a bit different in Danish as a day means a day
That's a quite modern by european standards
Totally agree
The sentences giving to people who commit a crime while they are minors are extremely *extremely* light in nordic countries.
Vildsvin (Wild Swine) - Boar
It's not like Russia was socialist 30 years ago either
He is a permanent mechanic apprentice, the third place now, as he was kicked out twice as he cannot get out of bed the morning.
So if the Brits were to join (who knows) then the Danish bid would be more eager I think.
I got instantly annoyed at her greeting me and when she started trying to converse I assumed she was mentally unwell
What is important is to not let it affect you too much personally.
Erdogan dont want any refugees either.
That wasn't what the question was about
Our North Sea oil and gas production is going down rapidly
Seeing fat where you live
Udvises af Aalborg
America going with the swedish approach
For parliamentary elections we're usually around 85% voter turnout, which is pretty good
the same in Spring, Summer, and Autumn
23c to 27c : "T-shirt and shorts, yay
Yup
With Finland, it is now legal in all of ~~Scandinavia~~ the nordic countries
Giv os Skåne tilbage for fanden
That could also be your wife/husband
Ghetto problems
Verbs *always* end with an "r" in present tense if they end with an "e" in infinitive - the so-called "nutids-r". Even if you cannot hear the r when you say the word out loud (which is the case with verbs such as "høre - hører" and "lære - lærer"), you still need to add it
Now if you would ask them to name the cities or point them out on a map i think many would have a hard time particularly with all those rectangular states in the middle
It probably has a lot fewer people but more guns
Are you saying that anime and manga have lied to me
They did marginally vote no in 1972 at the same time that Denmark marginally voted yes
The houses might not be skyscrapers, but they are Tallinn, Estonia
Will it ever be the same
Same in Danish, I love it
well, everything
It is honestly a pain in the ass if you try renovate or do anything if you live in that sort of building, but there is usually no problem with amenities such as running water, toilets or anything else you have in a modern home
Even though my family background is as middle class as they come, due to health issues that have affected my ability to complete a uni degree and subsequently find work, I am also part of the financial underclass that mainstream feminists tend to ignore
That's quite misleading
But they have been low on funding for infrastructure for awhile now.
This later caused the rise of Neoliberalist economic management, which dictated that a stable currency was priority number 1, as well as many decisions that really hurt, as it turned out that solving the interest rate crisis and spending crisis were the first steps to get back on track
Oh, and very humble as well, you won't find anyone as modest as us :-)
Danija is a beautiful name for Denmark
The municipalities' autonomy is limited to standard municipality functions
Politicians constantly criticize the "current system" that they're in, because that's basically their jobs, and they don't get "thrown in with Stalin and Pol Pot" for it, unless you're advocating from a uniquely extreme platform
By you're logic any European with a medical problem can just go to Denmark legally because of schengen no matter if they have a job lined up.
With the right people in charge it's easy to see Romania be an engine for that entire region.
90 - halvfems or halvfemsindstyve
No, the fact that you're using misleading and frankly incorrect language is what "says a lot about me".
Denmark has the oldest flag in the world
That it be it stuff for 16 year olds or 18 year olds
Yes exactly, and that's also why there never was a single problem in Afghanistan.
This is something that weirds me out, when I was in church last time in Romania
Calling the chancellor "leader of the free world" won't somehow revert Germany to the days of the Reich
We set the flag halfway on the flagpole when somebody dies, and hoist it to the top after they've been buried
Yes it is
The common currency is a disaster that will wreck the EU unless it is dismantled.
Human hubris defined in picture form
Competition stimulates growth and innovation, and look at how big a failure the UN is.
Vitamin D3 toxicity is ridiculously high
My view of french politics is obviously influenced by how he is covered in danish media, and what i read on English news sites and reddit.
Just see Switzerland a couple of years ago
Honestly none, but it makes sense as I'm a huge geography nerd when it comes to anything on a map, but the Romanian cities aren't the only one I would have a little trouble pointing out their exact location within their borders
I just used three random letters and the shortest domain
In the summer, people who are also hanging out at the park/beach/wherever
Nobody in the whole city had noticed that it was missing until he cam forward
It's been a period of interesting financial situations for Denmark.
> Mette Frederiksen for sure, she seems to be doing a wonderful job in Denmark as their prime minister
Anything else went out of style 50 years ago or so
after a few beers my friends and I went to the toilet and we saw a Girl laying down ill, with people all around her
It's not just executives and managers at international firms who are expected to know English, "even" basic-level retail and "blue-collar" jobs often require people to have at least some knowledge of English
From what I've read, they are willing to let the passengers go if their criterias are met.
But, tbh, people probably already knew you were from the US the moment you spoke, just like they would for any other English-speaking country
This system exists everywhere in Germany.
Hence why anti-capitalism is a necessity for socialist positions
somwhat Denmark
She got the meaning that we were hungry, so she grabbed us by the hands and took us into the kitchen where she opened larders, cupboards, and fridges and expected us to point at what we wanted
In Denmark you have the ocean called Kattegat
They're broke and their GDP is the same as Spain.
*") but I wasn't sure
Yes
It simply has a much better track record, because it accounts much more effectively for human nature, as it doesn't exist on this utopian plane to the same degree as communism
Indonesia confirmed for Eurovision?
I'm guessing korv has to do with cow sausage
The new city centre opens this year
Portuguese = Obrigado
When Europe starts punching back it is not going to be pretty.
>and I’m pretty excited about it, because it’ll make going to Sweden a lot easier
What would we all speak
Let's have a bit fun; What are some alternative names for countries.
That doesn't require German machinery
I can't, it's physically impossible for a danish person to say consonants, we don't work like that
Maaaaybe at a fun fair once or twice
Never seen a stray dog in my life here
following your logic, it would be safer if you took in atheists
As a Dane; remove Sweden and I am cool with it
Again, it's also a part of the dannelse
Yeah redigere is so old school...
* Norway: I really wanna visit Oslo and it´s a really beautiful country
Everyone would just be a bland mix of everything..
You have to pay us to get through😡
Hey now, we're very much familiar with mountains
my whole family if from there, they used to live on the edge of the islands at a place called HELL no joke
It could be someone from Copenhagen
> Atlantropa
Agreed
In Norway it's: "When was Denmark and Norway in a union
> makes them feel like they are helping change something
My hometown actually received the first snow of the 2019-2020 winter back in early November
Somebody, like Facebook, just tried to spin it like that to make it seem bad to most ordinary people
Also; it's not very tall
I have to admit I don't really look at the text all that much, and I try to avoid the cans
To think how far we have come from wars to this
Of course they are
I’m digging out my shorts sandals this week
Denmark has no mountains and gets almost no power from hydro, we rely heavily on wind and sun
The main negative is how expensive it is
as for maths, I'm a complete retard at it myself - some people are just better at it than others, and a good teacher can really make a difference too
Why is it ok to take African Americans' culture, but not Native Americans'?
i also prefer "color" over "colour". it's faster to write, it's easier to read, and it's fun to change the r, to an n.
Principal case I think, someone over at r/Denmark wrote a pretty long text about how some people in some sector of the law system wrote a paper taking a look at the law resulting in the need to make a check on how the law stand in the modern court system.
its some kinda culture to be somewhat proud to be from Jylland
For once, the EU does not occupy countries or kill it's citizens.
No meaning, history or reverence to anyone in Germany.
May I ask what camera / phone / whenever you used to take it
We burn a witch doll on a bonfire on Midsummer
Surely in the rich areas around Budapest there must be some pretty awesome houses.
How are they member of the EU
Also a few from 1400
No, I do not need to work to feel happy.
But that's it
We just need to extend that to the boys also
With that being said I mostly eat in restaurants when I'm on vacation
Yes, but people confuse them with Romanians because the names are so similar
and some of your stem people will probably have a hard time too.
We need it for
No, I’m not being hyperbolic
Call them out for being scared little pussies that realize they are too stupid to prevail in a free society.
You have so much to live for
We do have ghetto areas like [this] but I think [new buildings] are the worst
I don't get why Germany refuses to see itself for what it is, one of the most relevant and influential countries in the world
Why does it have two capital letters?
They're pretty common in super-market decorations
I've heard that they also stand on vending machines to finish their drinks, sounds really bizarre
Greece, Italy, France, Sweden, Slovakia, Romania and I'm sure plenty other have socialist gouverments.
The NET Pos-Neg indication is also quite close to this
And again, it's his and Latvijas Televīzija own choice
* Possum = pungegern ("pouch squirrel", though one species is called "pouch fox")
But they require a lot of work, so they aren't common
r/denmark will stay neutral and make a fortune selling low quality memes to everyone
Or not, they're delicious
Likely in an effort to distract the US populace from the impeachment proceedings of the very guy who ordered the attack
It is your own choice to waste money on it.
>and I’m pretty excited about it, because it’ll make going to Sweden a lot easier
Not necessarily, on danish use we also backplaced articles, as on romanian
God I love trains, this is my biggest wish
And while I would say that it's not intrinsically wrong to isulate with asbestos, we as humans can look at the damage it causes and judge it as wrong or not a good thing
There are so many words in English that come from French
But no, it was French
Bathe your yourself in the virtue of the Danish Fullfat Army
Oh well :(
A church is where you go to pray, if you're into that sort of thing, and if it tries to muscle into the rest of your life, it's going to be seen as pretty suspect.
So as a Danish expat in the Netherlands, my country is the Netherlands?
No, but you do have people donating their money to, tbh, ridiculous shit like tv evangelicans or an obviously corrupt, luckily, ex president
Well in America boars are an intrusive introduced species, with apparently not enough competition, while in Denmark it was almost exterminated by hunting.
But it's not a problem reaching ~50% wind without hydro
Because it's far more probable that you'll hit an arm than the neck or some other vital spot because the other guy will use his arm for protection and it will be closer to you
There is not an alcohol limit on bike
Not that there isn't plenty of other stupid shit going on at the border these days, though
* Portugal: Nelly Furtado
You know how when you're 14, you go through a phase where you think you're smarter than everyone and have figured out all the answers to the worlds (and everyone else's) problems?
It is forecast for 40 this week in the UK
One of my favorite places ever
We discussed it internally in the modteam, and the discussion reached the point that social democrats can be grouped into two groups: welfare-liberals, and various forms of socialists, mainly reformists and utopian in nature
Unfortunately he could not help us, it was a Sunday and no trains
we all know it's fucked up
That's a good reason, I know many ethnic German Danes and they all have a awful accent so good on you for actually bothering.
stuff
I would argue that one can't point to exactly one reason why the workers movement succeeded in Denmark in a way it didn't in many other countries
Nah, whether or not someone's an ass is irrelevant to me as long as they have an agenda I agree with
I would actually say that some of the best and most succesful Danish movies have been made in the last 15 years
And we thought so, too, until we visited them
So no Estonian flags
Sweden has been very violent throughout the history
This is particularly repugnant
At livet er gået i chok
Why not Mars
Guess that's what the ESM bond programme is for?
Why danish *shouldn’t* be chosen
That's not good
Idk they talk funny
.o/
I absolutely love that you included the oil rig Sealand
No, but France, along with the rest of the Allied powers, sat and twiddled their thumbs as Eastern Europe was carved up between the Nazis and the Soviets
In the webcomic this is from, the Danish character is a fairly large guy
So was Berlusconi, Sarkozy, Bush and our Anders Fogh.
Literal king
Yeah that really struck me when visited many years ago why there were so many Vietnamese given exactly what you mentioned
The song title translates to "Kinky cousin". The song is overly explicit (the chorus is literally a girl moaning) which is why many people enjoy listening to it at partys, but I personally enjoy it for all the other reasons
Looks like that one antman poster
* Have sex with a boyfriend/girlfriend with the hat on - a heart in the sweatband
We would’ve had a job market like the one in the Industrial age, in which unskilled labour was easily hireable
yeah, I learned it from a friend, I have been these last 14 years
True
**If you can't decide then just divide
But as an overall institution, I think CBS is better
>Why don't people fight for getting dental covered under universal healthcare
Basically ticket guards, they roam all the methods of public transport and verify whether or not you have a ticket for your mode of transportation(or something of equal function like a travel-card)
I'm from 1980 and I remember a few of those "Crazy heat" summers because they actually stood out
You either have a judicial miracle in which circumstances and evidence have come aligned for almost everything and everyone, or corners are being cut in the rule of law and its effecting the right to a fair trial.
yep
Woohoo
thats some cringe ass shit
Lord Siva is only there because it's live
> by living in the same environment you learn about others and they don't seem so alien to you after a while and you just notice that they are human too with almost identical behaviors
Let's try and stick to the actual realistic things, shan't we?
> The Vittoriale degli Italiani is an amazing place to visit
In Denmark the excuse is “The trains were delayed”. It happens so often that it’s believable
Parents usually put a baby monitor in the pram in case they cry
Beautiful Chairs as well
I don’t know if my definition of cursive is different, or we simply stopped teaching it early here in Scandinavia, but I am 40 years old and it was never taught in school
Something they should have done anyway when the first hundred migration workers had died
As neighbors to Turkey we need binary agreements, but I don't see that as a support of a Turkish islamist democratic utopia.
In Denmark its a pretty low discount market, like Aldi or something
and water fights afterwards
If you are already addicted to nicotine you'll probably like it
I suspect institutions and government policy shape each other in complicated ways
Edit: changed S to A. My bad
I saw a local guy get beaten by police once but that was in Tunisia so that doesn't count
Using Christianity would make more sense that the other two as that is what bound Europe into a community in for instance the medieval period
[Its this man] and his stupidly hot wife
The thing is that *many* Indians kind of stop being Indian after a couple of generations.
It's half third times twenty (3-½ \* 20)
Yet was I to choose between French and German, French would be my second preference, not the first.
I do wish more newspapers would attempt to have an English version running, if only to bring an alternative to the anglosphere news.
Just above the Wadden sea, we along the west coast - we get sand dunes
Then yes on a paper it looks as though it has a large military budget.
It's illegal not to wear a seatbelt in Denmark
people just don't have landline phones
Norway in handball
The rest will be rebuilt
In that time those European countries would likely have changed in some ways so I don't think it'd be the same today as you said.
No you refuse to ban things that affect you, and just want to ban things that affect other people.
Chalkidiki for that dream vacation kind of beach.
difficult or unpleasant
150% on anything above the 84600 Danish Kroner (11375 Euro).
all it's missing is a barbed wire fence surrounding it
After that, i embrace the diversity of europe
And it just goes way, way worse
It’s really just as authoritarian as a country can be and this is due to their actual ideology, Juche, which preaches individual freedoms, but in reality the state just uses it to control the masses
If they are let go the judge, if needed, can make the call that police will pick them up on the day they are to appear in court
*CK2 INTENSIFIES*
Everybody is saying either Lapland or Finland
Here I think the cheapest fare(like in town) is like €2
[You memorise it because it's awesome!]
Pure Evil Antagonist, of course they'll only be able to show racism in the antagonist, regardless of historical/cultural setting
"When the Norwegians ask if they can have large parts of the North Sea, say no
Anti-muslim sentiment is strong over there as it is here.
Before that, there would be people driving around knocking on doors asking people who didn't pay if they had a TV in the house
Well I fully understand their standpoint.
It is both Denmark's birthmark, as well as the story as to why Bluetooth is called Bluetooth (the connection via the internet)
Probably not because the parents want to "get rid of you" but because that's what people that age do in our countries
jeg er 50% sikker på det aldrig har fandtes i forvejen og det bare er en lang praktisk joke
That has always been the situation, and is still the situation - people don't want to be ruled by foreigners, particularly not ones that are culturally different/opposed
Yup, I remember when I went on a school trip to Serbia
But I also think that in this case people identify the FN with far-right politics, racism, antisemitism, etc.
I have nothing against Brits, but we have a shit load of foreigners here already, so it won't solve his problem.
1: I can't speak for Norway or Sweden, but in Denmark you start your English education fairly early on
Aint that the truth
that was a bit embarrassing
> You must have really dry weather,
Americans politicians are talking about us all the time.
Especially since that "city's beauty" isn't too different from what you can find in, say, Århus (having lived very close to there as well, the only real difference of note is that Copenhagen is more exposed internationally and more hyped up nationally
last year we celebrated the 800th birthday of our flag, which according to legend fell from the sky under the battle of Lyndanisse in 1219 and helped us win
Does it make sense to call water bland
Secondly, “the Nordic welfare model” is kinda overblown
Business seems to be going fine
No one in EU will care anymore about what happens in GB, anymore than we care about Africa
Samsung claims they are going to use Denmark as a test nation for a full 4G covered country.
Atomium is cool
dude wtf
I would also say Aarhus, while Copenhagen is more international and much larger, Aarhus is dominated by its university which is the largest in all of Scandinavia
Spring > Autumn > > > Summer > Winter
All my homies hate PostNord
I said an official NATO document or agreement.
Gotta get that last Euro before everyone dies
I've never heard about it used in Denmark
Sweden, but let scania remain
I don't think so
It's actually a forward operations base to invade Britain, but don't tell anyone...
Deal
The biggest mistake is she says Denmark instead of Danmark - but considering she isn't supposed to be a Danish character, her Danish is much better than several of the examples in this thread of actors actually trying to portray characters from the countries
A trade block of EU'S size have competition - leaving it creates all the things you talk about.
I am sure you have
Another example could be when King Harald Bluetooth unified the Danish kingdom and his baptism in ~965
Countries in the EU can veto alot of decisions, Denmark is often the “let’s rethink this shit guys
Although you can shoot pistols it's harder to get into and more expensive since clubs typically don't have any pistols you can borrow, just rifles
Beyond that, Nazi jokes about Germany, surrender jokes about France, and the increasing amount of vitriol being thrown at Russians
Mostly only on 2 subjects
Based on the downvotes, I assume a lot of people don't get the similarity between Chernobyl and Global warming
> daylight
Dog: DK though, SE died
As a Dane I can say that people in Denmark did talk about the UK leaving EU as being a possible instigating incident to make us leave as well
and weddings
Just join the EU already
Lies
How did you arrive at that
Also, the whole tram network in Sofia needs to be either completely overhauled or replaced
[Did a bunch of traveling this year, mostly within Europe.
*im still here*
Kinda thought the stuff about Erdogans popularity was mostly just his administrations popularity on acc of successful economic policies and his personality cult was mostly overblown by the state media being more or less in his control.
Sweden ruled over Finland and Norway.
You cannot seriously be deluded enough to think that ethnic/cultural/religious differences don't matter
I'm currently playing as Greece in Victoria 2 and you will be pleased to know that Constantinople, Smyrna and southern Italy are already in Greek hands, the sultans power has vanished.
I love summer
It's pretty difficult to make a case that the first country to legalize porn and officially recognize same sex unions is above average "narrow-minded".
Why not 35
In most schools, there's a bike test when you're around 12/13 (at least it was for me)
Also, anecdotes aren’t exactly a strong comeback to facts and figures
And it certainly wasn't helped by the fact that I never seemed to ever get rid of my accent (thankfully, tbh)
Second is in Odense who says " Vi har nogle områder, hvor der oftere skal bruges mere end to betjente end andre områder.
Made me think of when I was young and on vacation in France
(Reason is both what you mentioned about foreign nationals stockpiling Danish services and using them elsewhere in Europe and also Danes using lots of Data in other EU countries.
English: bae, your boyfriend/girlfriend
Both my grandparents spoke thybomål, so I do understand a lot of it when spoken, but can't speak or understand all of it
That maybe paying a bit more in taxes could lift the quality of life for so many millions
For instance there was the whole Giraffe autopsy in front of several school kids, for educational purposes
This summer I went to Ribes new museum of Witches and Witchcraft - that one was dope as hell
By "their past" you mean them advocating for a welfare state with a strong social safety net and a resilient economy?
Ketchup for fries
T R I G G E R E D
The labour given towards production is embodied in the commodities or other wares and exploitation occurs when someone purchases a good, with their revenue or wages, for an amount unequal to the total labour he or she has put forth
I've been to Kosovo of all places (but not Albania) and saw a few cars still driving around with german number plates it was quite hilarious.
They have sheep view
How did I Justify it
I can't fix everyone or everything, but I can do my part
To some extent, but the Americans don't really ask as much of us either
It's based on buttermilk and contains egg
**Rest of Zealand:** Working class mid-size town and fields
I actually didn't do it for religious reasons
I don't know for the others, but in Denmark its partly EU skepticism (wanting the EU to stay the way it is, or slightly go back a bit on integration) and the fact that we have an exemption for military matters in the EU.
Its not confirmed cases as the headline says, for the US its confirmed and probable cases
Sex and nudity has become more of a tabu, but we are still pretty open about it
" means without knowing a word of Dutch honestly
He looks like the type of guy who would do that
Then I read some reviews, did some digging, and came to the conclusion that Dan Brown is a shit author and people have bad taste
she wasn’t. It was not a good experience when we put her on a bike
Zone is sone and the like
And other expats, from Wales and America
If I *had* to pick somewhere it would probably be Sweden.
it doesn't help that I work with chemistry, though
" means without knowing a word of Dutch honestly
> "Hyggjeleg" also sounds like the Icelandic word "Huggulegt", which means "cozy".
Then, Copenhagen Business School is the place to go, not just for Denmark, but for all of Scandinavia
I know this will be misunderstood by a few, but I'd be lying if I said it didn't look better with the nazi flags.
In case you've always wondered why "maneuverability" would be important when picking the correct gun, I guess this proves very well why rifles are not always the answer
>	The gift is free because I put approximately $0 towards that present
Lukas Graham, Mø and Aqua
*aaaaaall the clubs have been clooooooosed down*
No sauce
As a political philosophy, it just isn't.
I'm not saying that his a virtue of democracy either just that the whole his a fascist dictator meme is a bit to much.
You can (with some precautions) talk openly about whatever you want when traveling abroad
It's a reference to a law that is misunderstood
At least I'm going to have to think thrice before letting myself become enrolled in somebody's political agenda
Germany
But if you know the persons gender and birthday there are only 500 combinations
That is truly awesome
There are more than one way to calculate unemployment
Why
I feel like it shows that the vast majority of people don't vote for the loudest stupidest guy they can find
Of course you are, look, Denmark is right there
Sounds just like home
Another very important thing, when you look at the picture, all these buildings left and right are standing on centuries old wooden foundations.
Hopefully we will bind up our wonds
We lost the war in 1864 to the Prussians and they took all of Holstein and Schleswig including Sønderjylland/Northern Schleswig despite it being majority Danish
A piece of apple sorrounded by a pancake-like batter
But they need to act on it, because otherwise, we're all kind of fucked.
As far as I understand, it's Global Warming causing Climate Change.
To be fair u/doncrymate taking their belongings is mostly about taking excessive amounts of money or values, which is totally unnecessary and have never been applied.
Perhaps you need some of that Russian freedom in Porto...
I was inches away from him on my bike path
Good on you France, you didn't cave to fear
So disappointed in the danish MEPs
It's interesting how different the ages are, I am from Denmark and when I moved out at the age of 21, I was already getting reactions from people about being kind of a loser for living at home at that age
Haha, you win :D danified Finns, bwahaha
Well, a few years after I tried it I heard from someone that in most restaurants in Scotland, what they call haggis is not really the haggis with intestines cooked in a sheep's stomach, but rather some meat dish made to taste sort of like the real deal
It's a flavored dairy desert with slightly sweet cookies in.
I’m sure your parents kept it around somewhere
To make it worse I found this as well
Mace for all"
So you can often get so you are only a few meters  from them before they run off
It is intended for puplication in international papers.
Pretty much always you'd know whether the definite article would be -en or -t. Neuter gender or plural gender
England is by many, if not most, definitions both a country and a nation, just not an independent or sovereign one.
Spain moves to Germany
One self performed liposuction.
Yoo I totally mistyped
Just mention that the welfare state at its core is a stupid idea
Maybe we'll see eachother again
They are probably the reason why we are able to sustain the Nordic Model, but not the sole reason why we even got it
It's an old pre-christian tradition that somehow survived (just like Christmas).
They are not listening to reason
Back then it used to be called "Ripa" which is believed to come from the Latin word for riverside
Do they really think money is more important than our planet and her inhabitants
"You're basically little Racist Sweden
Then there's Funen and Bornholm which have their own accents and maybe some slight dialect, but I'm not sure.
I always wondered why IJssel is spelled like that.
Taxing emmisions is and always has been the better solution than these moronic bureaucratic regulations.
Depends on season a lot, sun is setting 21:40 in Denmark today
The crazy complex ethnic mosaic over time
TBH this sounds more like a rumour than an actual thing
I bareley even know anything about Danelaw and the conqouring of large parts of Britain, and I'm Danish
It is a 1,5m boar fence
Ofc
Why doesn't your doctor do this for everybody free of charge
It doesn't smell like something you should eat
It honestly makes sense that Americans mix us up all the time, even if they do it for the wrong reasons
Because ræv (fox) and røv (ass) sounds very similar he accidentally said he caught an ass
This is the second time an article has landed here from them that's an outright lie.
None of what you linked above fits the definition of ethnic cleansing for example.
Wuhu good job people, let’s keep the ball rolling
We are talking about a pattern literally as old as history
Most of them are pale lagers, which I can't remember ever seeing having a branded wine-glass/teku/snifter
Can we get a rebutal map for the United States
He has one focus and that's making Russia stronger and more relevant on the world stage.
Revoking citizenship can only happen when you have committed extreme crimes such as terroism and in that case only if you have dual citizenship.
That mountain does not even come close to the height of the tallest mountain in Denmark
In my experience, I only see flags in supermarkets during big sales, which are rarer
Yeah, I think it's a bit different too because the intent is to help not just chat
In Danish it would be 'skadefryd', but a lot of our words come from German
As A dane, i Can confirm
It's not the only factor, but distance helps isolating people, making it possible for different languages to develop
It takes about the same if I take the bus along the same route, but it's just short of €2 for a single ticket, so I might as well get some exercise and save the money
thats like moving from one apartment to another in the same complex
A guy who looks like he smoked 300 lbs of meth and has been trying to tan for days is what my desktop wallpaper is
Regnar Lodbrog for instance has a lot of accomplishments to his name
Not that you can go on-line and search for.
> Just a 19th century escapist fantasy of what a castle is
There are also good evidence from the Nordic Bronze Age, who had maintained trade links with Mycenaean Greece,  actively engaged in the export of amber, and imported metals in return
We're on to you
No, ganja means cannabis here
Could be altitude difference
Prague is a great city and thanks for putting up with drunk Danish tourists
when I look at where Switzerland is standing right now, I think we did some progress.
The Czechs manage to do a perfect hladinka in 10 seconds
We drive to Ystad for the ferry any way.
What
This
Only talk to driver if you’re buying a ticket
It's far too hot, and summer has only started
> thoroughly assimilated
Rügen is a danish island now
There are some o's around the page to show it
The Little Mermaid statue is kinda a joke by now in Denmark
based on the fort boyard photo uploaded by u/bonne-nouvelle
Oh yea
Cons: high tax, but it's worth it
I'd say sure, but it is not my decision to make.
But no, it's the children who are wrong
How did Amsterdam become like this
Typically you pay a monthly fee or a 1 time fee for the year/season and then you pay a bit of money for ammo each time (just a small amount since .22LR doesn't cost much) and then they have competitions once in a while where kids from across the country compete in it
There is always immegration, and the PM's 2025-plan
Wait, what do they *want* you to book with then
Everyone knows it: “rød grød med fløde”
For modern songs I’d say [Niklas] [Icekiid] [Kidd] [Nik og Jay] and [Benny Jamz] are some good places to start
It's great to have a plan, because coming up with everything on the fly can be stressful, but remember that you can't anticipate everything, and you'll probably want to make adjustments as you go.
If we have to compare, the Danish realm is like UK, Denmark proper is like England, the Faroe Islands is like Northern Ireland, Greenland is like Scotland ^^and ^^Bornholm ^^is ^^Wales .
They were transferred here at a time when Iceland was an integral part of the kingdom
Our prime minister called the idea absurd
Is C a C? Or is it pronounced like, for example, a P?
What do you mean by that
[Here it is happening to a Danish youtuber]
He's not wrong though
>(Don't mention nynorsk, let it die)
We just make a cardboard witch and burn her at a giant bonfire, so she can fly (that’s the justification)
At 14-15 y/o I started playing with and talking to people from other countries (namely The UK, The Netherlands & Norway)
Where
I want to hear their explanations for their horrible acts
We sound like we have a potato in our mouths is the most common one i've heard
Pretty much all of the Nordics
Funnily enough Danish is probably the closest to Dutch of the Scandinavian languages given that we both have strong influences from German.
Kraftwerk have quite a few worldwide hits and influenced a whole generation of musicians
Don't make me come over there and 1520 you!
Just because you consider yourself European doesnt make you European
'Nuff said
I think it's hard to find people who vote for the right-wing because it's the right-wing, and the left because it's the left
Greeks have nobody except themselves and their politicians to blaime for the mess that their are in right now.
I ride my bike to school for about 7km and it's very rare that I'm not on a bike lane
If there is no demand for more electric energy and less liquid fossil fuels then there is less demand to invest more into EVs which means there is less demand for less liquid fossil fuels etc pp
So he doesn't give a shit about the EU or article 4 or anything
That is why people are fleeing.
I just edited a comment 3 or 4 times because I wasn't sure I used the correct one
Don't metros usually have like an "Est
Lol yeah guess so
We have overweight people in Europe as well.
Honestly can't believe we did that to ourselves
Northern countries has had plenty of migration, most of it just occurred over a millenium ago.
We were first
Suffering from succes
It was a group of architects who introduced houses build of simple but "honest" materials and good craftsmanship, so these houses are in high demand today also.
Well seems like a good idea
For example a carpenter wouldn't count, but a nurse would.
- Don't take things to serious, have a nice weekend
* Most government transfer-payments have been reduced to only the bare minimums, often not even enough to reproduce daily life
Maybe Journalista
What's up with the extra k in tak
When we moved to Brussels in the mid-90's I remember the scaffolding being on the building, I don't remember ever having seen the building without it, and apparently they [won't be done be done before 2028] Apparently budget cuts to the cleaning have been so bad that the old scaffolding literally rusted to the building, forcing them to start over
Well, yeah, usually
It's apparently becoming quite often that Japan and the EU sign free trade deals
And finally, and this is frankly the biggest issue facing clean energy production, it has a pronounced lack of flexibility
In Denmark it is decent (can't speak for the bigger cities, but where I'm from people are kind)
Once I correctly read a few sentences in Swedish without realising it, so that's enough to convince me that the languages are really similar
Had to swerve and almost hit the cars holding for red lights.
Beautiful
Of course there is still waiting time and sometimes many people but not that many who shouldn't be there
And many Americans have very little paid time off compared to other countries.
I'm almost certain there was a tournament last year as well.
Dutch bros taking one for the team
Ah, well that’s a relief
I have also on occasion used a qwerty with another layout that was neither of the previous ones, but which I can't remember
An archaeologists Major
Even the Welsh are mocking us now lol
> How did everybody not realize how trash these movies (and books, tbh) were when they came out
Build the world's tallest wall between Europe and Turkey.
They'd still celebrate some traditional Muslim holidays and stuff but they had basically become "culturally Muslim" and nothing more after arriving in Denmark, and his parents insisted that it was the only way they'd ever really fit in and "become Danish". His parents also made sure that he and his siblings were around other Danes, they didn't want to live in a "ghetto" or "bubble" etc
Weeds growing everywhere and through everything
You don't like
yup i feel you - Denmark
Besides your "real world" is widely different from mine despite the fact that we're probably both ordinary working people.
Litterally on the side of the goverment building
We have right winged people in Denmark who aren't racist bigots
So it's not sliced for me specifically
Beer
Pilsner Urquell on tap is my favorite summer beer :)
Go back to being  trading Union or what ever the original purpose was
Dansk, Jysk, Sønderjysk, Sydslesvigsk, Platte, Tysk
Honestly, English teachers in Denmark have the easiest job in the world :)
His not really a dictator as he has the support of a large majority of the population.
It's very sad, but nonetheless, that's how it is
Yeah
(Benny Engelbrecht)
We respected you until Erdogan went totally crazy.
I'm so glad i live in Denmark and not germany
I love the idea that other world leaders noticed it happening early on - presumably from watching footage of it or being told by aides and then work to counter it
Anytime, friend :)
I do, and also think they will get a better deal by not having the EU rush side deals.
Especially with Russia not a part of the EU, and Russia being the European country with the highest population
The effective measures in Denmark takes a 10 year old one minute to by pass.
Honestly it's just a weird rich guy who decided to build a 3,5 million euro museum for all the stuff he collected about Elvis throughout his life
So being French makes a person an expert on ethnic groups, French history, geography etc?
Yes, yes, yes a million times yes.
Just don't get it
I lived in a town on Djursland from '79-'93.
Stik mig en Thor
No one agrees what it should change into
[Are you sure about the first one
Norway was a separate country, ruled by the same king
But I don't think the politicians fear them
English is technically my first language
is there potatoes in Döner
And you must have avoided most news stories about the Balkans
And like I mentioned, there are plenty of cars still without modern emergency breaking features
I recognise that socially, I am Danish, but if I had the means to do so, I'd happily shed my layer of socialised nationalism, and instead live as an internationalist, to the bone
As long as you're respectful of the local culture surrounding the sport and aren't obnoxious then you can support whomever you want no matter where you're from.
At the end of the day, the person could just by a pyromaniac.
It's been more than a year now.
So when we talk about what happened in the day and night, we say - this happened in a døgn
Just once
Low cost airlines are often cheaper than trains in my experience.
A funny play on words that is also prevalent in many Danish discussions since we also have the names Dan and Mark here.
000 = 1 milliard
Fuck
Obviously there are exception to both types of nonsense but that seems to be the general trend
However, if you look at a city like Århus, or maybe Randers (30 minutes from Århus by train, so around the same as Hviodre/Copenhagen only Randers is much bigger than Hvidovre), the average rent for 50m2 is 2500kr (Randers city center) or 5000-6000kr (Århus city center)
You should ask the locals
Ah, you're joking, nice one, had me going
I once visited a restaurant in an industrial area outside of Bergamo many years ago
"Eh, i am greek catholic"
I didn't know that
There was certainly a clear distinction between the several tribes in Wales and several tribes in England all the way from Roman time, but at that point there wasn't really a "Wales" or an "England", so it isn't shared history between two different countries but that shared history between several tribes within the same landarea
Maybe we'll see eachother again
Several other brands do cheap, chemically, sugarfree, super-concentrated squash that you mix 1:11 or something in flavours like cola, orange/raspberry, "sport", and elderflower
I was very impressed by the effectiveness of the Spanish police that day
It stays on the side of the road for a week though
So without Opel GM would be left with trucks based on old timer technology.
People are born into wealth, and a very small portion of people are born into a very large portion of wealth
You people have so many peninsulas already leave some for the rest of us
It's not unheard of
I guess you would easily be as baffled about how little money the church gets in donations, as we are with how much your churches get
Da jeg ankom på stationen, bemærkede jeg, at jeg ikke var stået af det rigtige sted
Must've been horrible living under DDR regime
I think the exposure thing is absolutely key as others have also mentioned.
I go to the Sanish equivalent of high school where snus is everything
> according to the common rules for dividing ocean resources
But you’re 13 here when you have to do it
If you only had a Bachelor's, you would definitely have to make up for it with experience and being fluent in English would impress no one
My favourite from my time was during an exercise one of our guys had night watch and while he was sitting there he noticed someone in the woods
Interested in why you think it wouldn’t work just because you have larger population
The Electorate of Saxony has nothing to do with them, expect the name, and the modern-day state (and dialect, Upper Saxon) are located in, and descend from, *that* Saxony, not the one OP was referring to
Sorry, I misremembered, it looks like the best-case scenario is indeed predicted to be around 0.5%.
But do you really expect that humanity will just stop
It's supposed to be in English, but as it's mostly Flemming's that frequent it the majority of post are in Dutch.
Sweden and Norway
Oh I see - It's Kick Denmark week is it
The stage was only just large enough for an upright piano, a bass/tenor sax player, and a singer
I actually have it the opposite way.
* But yeah, a lot of Scandinavian people are way too up their own asses about their countries
Hej, jeg hedder John, det glæder mig at møde dig
I think it's pretty safe to say that the system is not rigged that much against smaller parties when you have a parliament consisting of no less than *12 parties*, one of them *representing animals and not humans* claiming 5 of the 150 seats.
Depends
Writing this in a cafe that charges £3
True, better term would be "in the territory now known as Turkey"
It'd be stupid as hell, but it could well happen
Gotta get that last Euro before everyone dies
Poland get a damned grip
In Danish too, though spelt a bit wrong
I wonder how long we will stay.
Swedes just have to ruin everything good
Yeah
Good times
Crimea and the support of the Assad regime in Syria was the tipping point however.
I think we would call in Germany, just to see Stockholm burn.
* Hungary: Budapest gave me the best study trip in 2012, fantastic city with great Gyros Kebab
Usually the workers eat them before the tins leave the factory.
Probably the latter
The contradictory opposition towards nudity, like, y'all have sex scenes in every fucking tv show, film and whatnot, but a toddler being naked, or just nudity in general, god forbid that
Tjekkiet - Czechia
Im not dutch in any shape or form, so that's probably why
Not looking at it from the extra cleaning, wearing no shoes is just a lot more comfortable, why on earth would you wear shoes inside at home?
Brown sauce or no brown sauce in a beef sandwich
Seems spookily relevant now
I always thought it was funny
It takes two to tango
I forgot to mention this
The Nordics have a shared keyboard layout, which is basically the same as English, but with "Å" "Ö/Ø" and "Ä/Æ" to the right of the "P" and "L". Since the layout is the same in all of the Nordics, and Swedish is the most used language in the Nordics, the Swedish letters are the biggest and the ones that are the same size as the other "regular" letters, with the Danish/Norwegian versions being smaller underneath the Swedish ones
Because states count deaths differently
It comes from a satirical text from the early 1900’s, who was parodying a small town in Denmark
The Nordics have a shared keyboard layout, which is basically the same as English, but with "Å" "Ö/Ø" and "Ä/Æ" to the right of the "P" and "L". Since the layout is the same in all of the Nordics, and Swedish is the most used language in the Nordics, the Swedish letters are the biggest and the ones that are the same size as the other "regular" letters, with the Danish/Norwegian versions being smaller underneath the Swedish ones
And that it's made out of a gajillion islands, with one of them being the western half of Papua
I've heard it's an Austrian pastry, which just thickens the plot even more
but MOST posts and memes on /r/denmark are in danish
The sanddunes goes straight into heartland as well
Exactly I'd be pretty pissed if I was German to.
Bet she envies the dead
The Royal Power shall be inherited by men and women in accordance with the provisions of the Succession to the Throne Act, 27th March, 1953
Idk if Denmark is known for it’s beaches or not, but if you ever visit
No I am referring to the deep south of Jutland and some parts of northern Jutland too
As a former resident: Yes they do
My mind was damn blown when I visited Switzerland and saw the Alps.
I can't remember all the details, but a cop decided to play with a little girl during one police holdup
We have Christianised it all.
They were some of the only western movies allowed during the communist era
I've unsuccessfully tried to find the name of the historian/book.
Wait, what
Germany, but french
You know
It’s absolutely shocking how much the EU is despised
Living in a quite homogeneous country with not so much diversity, it’s practically impossible to tell where somebody is from based on their names
Worldwide, is trying to talk German
Universities shouldn't become a safe space but a place for learning.
You better start drinking the Kool-Aid
That's because it's not a law
I swear in Danish when i'm legitimately pissed
I agree completely
Check
I hope they build out the bike highways even more, so electric bikes can move more cars off the road
But not more than 50 euro when other similar rich countries only send 30 or 40 euro
I am not where real estate is affordable yet, at least not in my city, but i do have plenty for savings and investments
On top of that, the world has changed in such a way that interdependency is so much higher today compared to the last time we had a great war because of globalization and international trade
My English accent is similar; It doesn't sound non-native, but it also doesn't sound particular to any one place
They could still technically count if we consider how intertwined they are with the EU
The traditional term (not counting euphemisms similar to "make love" and "sleep with") is actually "dyrke sex" which means "(to) practice sex". Though it could technically also mean "grow sex" as "dyrke" can mean either "grow" or "practice" depending on the context
My husband never treated me like that, and it’s one of many things I love about him
Our point of view is that it is the "low standard" countries that should start experimenting and push for more fair and democratic work and wage regulations, as you are the ones that are unhappy about the status quo
In denmark its (from what i know) english, followed by german, french, spanish and chinese
Denmark:
PS: If you believe that antifascist isn't generally a radical political ideology, but simply a group that is against fascists, because they're called antifacists, then I would like to introduce you to the  *Democratic* People's Republic of Korea
In 1945 people still thought the USSR were good guys that was helping again the bad guys
Nevermind, it was it
Latin is mandatory for standard Gymnasiums here and you can choose Greek
Maybe y'all should just stop breeding like rabbits and the traffic jams would stop
Not a **huge** no, but please don't call people Mr/Ms [LastName] unless they're old enough to have experienced the Napoleonic wars
What I mean is: It's not a place to be if you're generally a slacker
uh, excuse me, Capital of what now
they're just sometimes kind of stupid
Frozen Island is a rather poetic name.
**Western Jutland:** Jesusland
Jeg skal ha en død indianer med det hele, tak
That is why it is called a convention, not a treaty.
8 °C is already scarily visible
Outside of Copenhagen and Aarhus I would say Aalborg, but it still doesn't have the city vibe but more a big town vibe
That is an attack on Iran, as much as killing a US general and his aides would be
and with danish variable names including æøå. The customer wanted their new project to adhere to those decades old standards because their company language was danish
I gave up in high school and now just put commas where the lack of one impedes reading or comprehension
Denmark is not signed up to "Ever Closer Union"
Its citizens will be called dogs
Good thing some people in this world will settle for something a little better than nothing then :)
i highly doubt they would break down to their own states if we ever became federalized.
At the 2015 Roskilde Festival I shared a beer and a joint with a Norwegian guy called Christian who told me he was Norwegian royalty, but that he probably never would have to do any official princing around just cause he was like 18th in the line of succesion or something similar
It would be interesting to overlay this map with a similar map of carbon emissions
2% of total exports)*
It is a Danish way of saying "Durchslag" - which in German means something like "through-hit".
Mørke (Darkness)
We need u/calmyourdrosophila right away
You better deliver /u/arathian I expect a Scandinavian union that colonize Siberia.
In Danish they would pick the dialect Sønderjysk or Bornholmsk and sometimes Vendelbomål
Yesterday it caused a big uproar when the national tv station decided to speak over/translate Joe Bidens inauguration speech, making it more difficult to understand than if they had just let him speak
If a Dane is winning, I am a fan
Haha
This is so completely random
All I see is 3 bikes hanging from the ceiling, with german flags waving
Okay, there are a lot of things to address here, I don't even know where to begin
Angel is engel :-)
I'm terribly sorry but I can't introduce every comment about every nation with "*A few selected people who speak the loudest on Reddit from 'Insert country here' have this opinion*"
Not democrat-esque left wing) would most likely be for helping those people with free healthcare, free education etc.
>This is a very dark time in our history that we feel Danes know very little about
Lots of people buying into the USA neocon driven agenda of setting up Russia as the ultimate bad guys
Norwegians need more because it is so expensive living close to the mountains Danes want + Your money is not worth as much.
* The share of students has fallen 3 percentage-points, from 57% to 54%.
Denmark also has “døgn” same meaning, v cool
EDIT: Or, if you got it from us
Furthermore, the more they talk about independence, the less Denmark is willing to spend on long-term projects that might improve things
Danke schön!
It's my job to change coffee into code.
I usually don't get winter depression, but for my girlfriend it's usually pretty rough
" And it's just like a sound
I'm a lazy college kid who plays vidya ffs, not a military strategist
* Has your view of Italy changed during the Corona virus crisis
It didn't go away in my mind until I learned about volcanic hot spots and the formation of Hawaii, and not even fully then
It has little practical meaning here in Denmark.
It's called holy three kings day/eve (helligtrekongersdag/aften), but it hasn't been a holy day/holiday since 1770
All
wiki can't really be called a source, use more reliable ones, like [etymologyonline] that uses [several different sources] to have the most reliable source, rather than people that felt like they know a couple or two about something and edits a wiki.
Well, they certainly were political, but where did those politics come from
Østrig - Austria
EU students can apply for a tuition fee loan up to £5,500
Very popular before `Peter` replaced it
I would never have imagened that we are the thinnest in Europe.
Halfdan (Dan for Danmark), Gram, Siger, Angantyr, Hroar, Hygelac, Helge, Frode
But expressing that you are religious is definitely weirder than expressing that you're an atheist
I know that Christianity is really prevelant in fishing communities and Norway still (like Denmark) have a lot of those.
There is a giant [statue] of her in Copenhagen
It seems like getting hit while in Spain is a universal experience
for boys: Harald, Gorm, Valdemar, Christian, Frederik, Svend, Christoffer, Erik, Knud
That is so beautiful, we have something similar in Denmark on this day but not quite as impressive
There is support for it in Denmark.
More than half of my friends from gymnasium (high school equivalent) took a year - sometimes two - off.
I will pronounce three as either tree (usually) or free (rarely).
Rema 1000 is one of our best supermarkets
Because  "Angstskrig" is the Danish word with most consonants in a row
People living in Roskilde or Køge and working in Copenhagen will count to the production in Copenhagen while adding to the denominator in Region Zealand
And stop being on your phones ffs
You see benefits, I see hours and hours of unproductive work in administrative costs
like the opera house in sidney, or the "La Grande Arche de La Defense" in france
The fire on the ferry Scandinavian Star, april 7
I think you're right, I got that mixed up
That highly depends on what you want to see.
"Stueetage" meaning living room floor
I would probably just keep eating the bagels they put on my head.
Cuz they don’t take refugees, funnily enough
I had some issues with some persistent pain in my uterus and wanted to book an appointment with a gynecologist, but was told they had a 9 week waiting list
Oh that is very much a native speaker issue
Aalborg is more harmless but many also describe it as a bit boring
I am disappointed to me my country so high up
Otherwise we end up in the exact situation that Fukuyama called 'the end of history'. A complete faltering of progress
I find that cooking and good food is pretty important in Denmark, and our national dishes really adds to our sense of Danish-ness
But i didn't see anyone discriminating them
Edit: Or maybe they usually spray it with RoundUp or whatever
The Irish sure are taking this to heart
If it was Swedish, hell yeah
Was just about to ask the same - we just use paper towels here
That basically ment they could only use danish developers for even the most mundane tasks (and of course they couldn't understand why their outshoring efforts were going so badly)
Det er sgu fedt der altid er isvand og/eller isterninger klar
How goes the Corona Sweden
They did also have success invading Albania
I would say Norway as well, but I feel like there are tensions from Norwegians towards us Danes
They are getting better
DUMB DANISH NEWS SLANDER DONALD DUMB
Which not complaining, is a great way to minimize electricity waste
Like this [one]
Wasn't it the Danes
But I sincerely think that Germany and Russia are severely underrated.
well, *life* leave Grenaa when the boating season ends.
Russia is however not a superpower, but a regional one
If I pick up a right wing paper I expect the content to have a right wing bias.
She does spice it up by saying mye instead of meget, but that might be how it's usually done in Gøtu, as it flows a good bit better than pronouncing meget with a hard g.
Right
Biggest in spirit
Someone recently linked some criminal study on /r/Denmark (iirc) and Somalis were the group doing the worst..
You made me nose exhale, thank you, good sir
Christopher]
We even have a special kind of cake, which is sold in most bakeries around the country known as "kajkager", or kajcakes
Would a phone without any charger (perhaps only remote charger) be allowed by EU
While I would not say no to the US, I would prefer somewhere in East/Southeast Asia
I bet many of my peers wouldn't understand why some descendants don't like each other
Think Kim Larsen or Erik Clausen for example or the examples this [language expert talks about]
I was in California and a lot of people thought that Denmark was communist and that it was close to New York
>Some of these crimes were neccessary for progress of young countries
To say "thanks" in traffic we normally do a small nod or lifting one's hand slightly while looking at the person
not with the politics they propose.
*"Let's decide that Schlesweig and Holstein are Danish instead of German"* said Denmark
That makes a lot more sense, thanks.
My opinion can basically be summarized as "people are more important than TV's".
They attempted to create their “perfect society” - weed, no advertisements, and of course no cars
As soon as we get a muslim majority it will all turn to shit incredibly fast
Thanks for the link
Syrian/Lebanese Arab Christians.
1, indledes der forhandlinger mellem regeringen og Naalakkersuisut med henblik på gennemførelse af selvstændighed for Grønland
Yelling in public, disturbing everybody on the bus and outiside for some arbitrary reason
Fucking Swedes, always ruining everything
Sadly my neighbour has also chosen that I should be in that prison or die.
This can cause potential vaccines and anti bodies to be less effective
It's not like we have constant USA-like theist vs.
Yeah its kinda hard throwing people out who spend more of their time living in this country than the one they ran away from :/
I don't claim to be well versed in Polish occupation history.
Yeah we use it all the time for celebrations and decorations, but on the other hand it became a bit controversial when the speaker of the parliament tried to hang the Danish flag in the hall of parliament
Jeg har familie der bor der
Eggs in Denmark are refrigerated, and we're part of the EU
To add to this from a Danish point of view (Currently I live in the Hague), we are also both very blunt in the way you speak with people, and so far I've found that the humour is very similar.
Trump is coming to Denmark, so no it doesn't .
I'm aware, since I did choose to take it myself when I was on exchange ;)
people)
1% more money, HAH
Randers is a big joke here, not because of architecture or blandness (like other examples ITT)
The þ and ð sounds changed a lot over time, but they changed different in all germanic languages
just don't apply to anyone but Americans and yet they're upvoted like made making it seem like it's some universal truth
thank you, needed that, better log of Reddit and go then
[Major Lazer & DJ Snake - Lean On (feat
Come to think of it the average Brit also wanted a multi-speed Europe which the U.K was the core opponent of in the EU, blocking whenever it came up.
Never seen a stray dog in my life here
Is that legal though ? People would be crazy when they couldn’t find out a car park nearby
Can agree on that
The way we say 50, 60, 70, 80 and 90
You get paid by the state, around 1900 usd a mounth, live in a small apartment, you're poor because you somehow can't or won't work, you have to send job applications more or less constantly to get paid
EE immigrants undercutting wages.
I'm 30 and I can't remember their predecessors
The world doesn't blink in large part because words have been destroyed
So you are Slavs, just need the bottle of vodka then
The pic you sent looks exactly like the setup when I had it
Oh no we love hating stuff
It's not as insane as 10+ years ago, but Helsingør is still doing great from all the Swedes.
It is a part of the Kingdom of Denmark, but it has home-rule meaning we, Denmark, still patrol the waters and such.
I thought 70% humidity was normal
Not their government, perhaps, but yes, Americans worship their country.
They would do that if they made anything.
*Sigh*
well, maybe nutters isn't the best word for it.
Tortillas contain potatoes right?
Which only goes to show how big of a problem Swedish is.
Sure there are losses in the battery, but engine losses in a ICE is around 60 %. All that heat just gets wasted
The song title translates to "Kinky cousin". The song is overly explicit (the chorus is literally a girl moaning) which is why many people enjoy listening to it at partys, but I personally enjoy it for all the other reasons
Same with my daughter
If you said, "Undskyld, hr
I don't think I've ever heard of anyone hating the Dutch.
Went on a vacation a few years back and the people at the Tourist Centers couldnt speak english.
Well, yes
... I feel sorry for foreigners learning Danish
You´re from Sweden and you dont mention like 3-4 Abba songs that fit that criteria
Really
Brits will probably still want to import Danish pork and milk products, so not much change there.
Og "i"
Leiden in my personal order of preferences.
What do you mean no one ever knows anything about albania
If there had to be one single requirement, that should be it
At weekend nights it can be at the supermarket or public transport
My cousin is half Italian half Danish, and I remember he turned 18 before 2013 and had to 'pick a citizenship' (if you are below 18 you were able to hold dual), and he picked Danish, even though he grew up in Italy, since it would help him both education- and jobwise
That's dangerous
Flag of Belarus 1991-1995
Live a year in Copenhagen or Amsterdam and you’ll understand
Us too
World, meet Guldrisengrød.
To expand on the other comments, from this sentence on wikipedia it sounds like locks would have used too much water during summer to be an option:
The famous part of the Nordic Model is of course the welfare state, with free medical exams tuition and unemployment benefits.
It's god some old buildings just like any other European city but nothing that interesting
The regional differences between two US states as far apart as Norway and Italy are essentially equivalent to two neighbouring shires in the UK
Heyhey, rødgrød med fløde mester
It's mainly based on stealing rightfully Danish land, being cunts and speaking weird
Luckily Denmark isn't that big, so I'm usually back home every evening
Not touching that
In Denmark we focus more on Imperialism in Africa, the build up to WW1 and why it happened and most importantly the Reunification where we received back North Slesvig in the Treaty of Versailles.
Haha det er ikke noget dårligt bud.
Every journalist here is pretty fluent in English and news about English-speaking countries is very easy to access from the source
Even our language is adopting english words instead of making up our own new ones
or Dick from Richard
But when after the failed attempts to subdue the Germanic tribes more permanent forts were created to store garrisons
They're linked, and it's naive to pretend otherwise.
Turkey illegally annexed parts of Cyprus but they weren't a part of NATO or the EU.
ngl thought this was something along the lines of americans guessing european countries
" it would probably be the wolf, but those are very few in numbers and generally flee from humans
North Sea empire, since it was literally one of the last flags before Dannebrog
Some authors and works stand out from the rest though
Like: Just give me some vegetables
I was watching an animal show the other day with my girlfriend and it was the first time it ever occurred to her that a squid and an octopus were too different things in English
It is not as easy as you make it, imo.
There is physical evidence to deal with, and people tend to notice if the guy counting the ballots drives away after work in a truck fully loaded up with stacks of paper.
Troll videos would have sexy men or women as the thumbnail picture, a clickbait title and the content being a rick roll video and surströmming smell.
Slavic high cheekbones, something about diversity of eye colours in for instance Russia or long thin Armenian noses.
We have to live up to expectations
Dont nees you explaining it
some people still use the term "amager halshug" (Amager decapitation) which is a way of saying "i swear, i'm telling the truth"
They’re hurting
Thanks you Germany for your cheap everything and awesome autobahn
So why is it emotional
What are the richest areas of Russia and what are the poorest areas
As an example, I am pretty sure most people who's only prerequisite would be knowing the Latin alphabet, would have an easier time reading and reproducing Malaysian or Hausa than Irish
Taking the ferry across honestly doesn't feel much different than taking a bus from one end to the other of a city
If Norway doesn't stop with your massive fund, no country will
Is Turkey even close to an economic collapse?
Progress dies, when we start to, in this way, manufacture consent for capitalism within the socialist movement
Yeah, no
Don't worry
(No lie, I know Turkish partly but I’m not fluent) Also, what a hell are you doing greco ? I thought you are not cool with Middle Easterners such as Armenians lol
Jens ROHDE - (I don't understand why he voted yes, he will join De Radikale when he returns home
But still, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the top 4 nations in the world are from one of those 2 continents, considering how big a part of our culture football really is
This was then reported as us stealing all the jewelry of the refugees
For everyone else who doesn't know about the Canadian-Danish war, here is some completely neutral information:
Your output is going to suck
but we were stopped at the border because we forgot some of the papers for the car
Like actual textbook socialism.
Just moved to Germany couldn't be happier
000 = 1 million
Naturally the UK would then be the most noteworthy country, but followed by Ireland as the 2nd most noteworthy country
Take for example Nepal, the country of Mt
Many of those could easily have died
It's wrong in the same way that I think it's wrong to prefer Europe to be entirely made out of marzipan.
The streets aren't just empty, unused space like that painting will have you believe
Have you been to the HC
I personally hope that Article 13 will mean that sites like YouTube have to be more active regarding copy right strikes so that the system doesn't get abused like it does today
Halland has been part of Greater Copenhagen the past two years and Blekinge is expected to join soon
How did everybody not realize how trash these movies (and books, tbh) were when they came out
0K to -10c : "Holy fuck it's winter
(That being said I was surprised at how your history subject functioned
&#x200B;
I might have drawn the short straw and attended a shitty school - who's to say
China
I feel like it always goes the same way
It's not like they don't exist.
Atm "Anne" and "Peter" are the most used names for the entire population.
BIER
So all in all, there are many broad similarities - it's in the details we differ
My girlfriend does ok, but is in no way well-off
Yeah, unless it's the topic of the conversation I agree.
People have allowed sloppy journalism.
At some point I look up and see something red ahead of me
(Sure been a busy century for you guys
edit: And after reading the [German wikipedia article] I learned that there are other similar 'background stories' for *fisimatenten* and they're probably all wrong
TIL it's not "fiese Matenten"
Honorable mentions to Den Gale Pose, LOC, Jokeren and Suspekt (because I know people older than be will be annoyed if I didn't mention them)
It's funny because it looks like "four twenty" :-)
In which the prosecution states that it believes that in certain cases of holy book burnings, it can be a violation of the "blasphemy law".
With support from a number of Western countries, Leopold achieved international recognition for a personal colony, the Congo Free State, in 1885.[5] By the turn of the century, however, the violence used by Free State officials against indigenous Congolese and a ruthless system of economic exploitation led to intense diplomatic pressure on Belgium to take official control of the country, which it did by creating the Belgian Congo in 1908
What are your opinions on the Nordic Defence Alliance?
Outside of Albania you only hear the colourful romanticised story about Zog
But at least the take away from various newspapers is that France has stagnated and is in dire need of reforms
It's the same in every country that imported a lot of muslims, they won't integrate and they will continue to hate non muslims eg jews and christians
Damn your name for the immigrant accent is quite a lot more polite than ours.
Typically goes like this:
But say, for example, a person born-and-bred in central Copenhagen to me has an equally strong and at times hard-to-understand dialect (to be fair, I've lived here 7 years now, so I do understand people by now)
We have long tradition for super nice design so naturally there's a lot of hate for IKEA -mass produced and not always super nice design
[Ida Corr vs Fedde Le Grand - Let Me Think About It]
There is barely anyone left who is pro-immigrant
Germans paying for Moroccan's vacation rather than going to Mars.
It was in 1937
In this case (in Europe) the main one is classic liberalism.
Iceland is in the "wrong" timezone
We do in Denmark as well
Besides, unlike some of the big European countries,movies and books aren’t all translated to our native language, so we learn it through different media
Regardless of the UK rule in Ireland, Irish settlers were one of our largest immigrant groups, and some of the most successful farmers where alot of the conflict stemmed from...
German
It's just too expensive
Why is Germany separate from EU
In Denmark you have to go through the following steps to buy a car and get it on the road.
there is definitely not the same level of irony
2010
And we will be the Spaceballs to your Star Wars
It should not be that ''ohhh shit
She teaches Macbeth a lot
In Danish we say "store nosser"  which means big balls and is synonymous with being brave
Apologies Scotland
These ones are not so popular anymore:
Counted as an average over the last two years
I made my hotmail to play a browser game
It isn't from Proto-Germanic, which was spoken some 500 years earlier
Well to be honest the food is pretty good
Yes we are Socialist hellhole
In Denmark, bikes are incredibly varied
I got them from a 2018 article, though I concede the article might have had them wrong, seeing as DS says different
Yeah I forgot about ITU, i haven't really heard much from ITU, but considering the Danish IT sector is great, I think it's pretty great
Looking at the grammar used when American teens text each other, i'd go as far as to say that a lot of European countries probably have a better grasp of English grammar than Americans do
Modernism as a style is at this point pretty darn old, and looks much the same now as it did before
they have down there
It's a shit situation, but I'd rather have the money go to Spain than to China or Russia.
There has been spikes in crimes, absolutely, but it's not like it's a criminal hella cape and everyone's living in perpetual fear.
You can get Irn Bru in like 2 shops over here
The last goverment adopted a policy of moving out central administration away from Copenhagen
I'm royalty, bby
Southern Jutland: Inbred/the Alabama of Denmark
&#x200B;
It's kinda like seeing the Sherlock Holmes statue in London
By 1943 it would have been obvious to almost anyone that Hitler was never going to win
the words like paspas, and also you don’t say “and so on” or “etc” you say “Yemek memek” “araba maraba” it’s so funny
Yes and no - I'm 27 years old and most of my social group is late 20s to early 30s, and we still do the BYOB unless it's like a dinner party (and then we'll do what non-Scandinavians apparently do at regular parties, where everybody/most will bring at least something like a bottle of wine as a host-gift, which will then be used to drink at the dinner)
Wagner was certainly a deeply flawed figure, even by the standards of his time, but to simply dismiss his work as emblematic for this reason is, I think, misguided
nobody cares about the actual legislation, other than the odd case of proud British vacuums being slaughtered by brussels bureaucrats.
Eeeeehhhh
Refreshing to see these statistics aren't using Norway's 2011 numbers anymore
4 years old
No borders is bit of a stretch.
> organized an attack on our embassy
You are absolutely right regarding our universities, they aren't as good as they could be.
I could say that the distance between copenhagen and paris is 1Mm
If you want her, please take her
In farms it's also common to have straw-burners (to feed the central heating system)
This article is about alleged ethnic cleansing of Kurds in Turkey, Northern Syria, and Western Iraq
He blindly followed Bush into war.
In a small country as Denmark, the middle of nowhere still exists
I think there's very little difference prestige-wise, except maybe for CBS and RUC being at the opposite ends of the scale
Siemens wind power (originally a Danish wind company called Bonus) and Vestas are likely candidates for making the wind mills and Danish shipping companies have the ships capable of installing them at the sea (specialized ships and there are not that many of them world wide).
If you've ever heard Mads Mikkelsen speaking, that's sort of what we sound like
Now we might get a week if we’re lucky and we temperatures barely go below freezing
Well, logically it makes sense since you've already switched Sweden with Somalia to some degree.
There is however also the possibility that you simply lose the money and is left with a higher debt level making it even more difficult to grow the economy.
This is for me, my GF, her kid at 12 and my kid, who's 5 - but my kid is only here every 2nd week
It means [mullet
Well said and argued (aka I agree).
Like all the other best moments
I guess that’s why we usually score a bit higher than you in happiness
but they are constantly "poking around" near sweden - and sweden is not part of NATO for some reason
This Constitution Act shall apply to all parts of the Kingdom of Denmark
Is Bundesland the singular
I wear "Home clothes" every day
I probably considered the "hippy" reputation and in my mind that was conflated with being a bad reputation
He is the definition of a cunt.
Bruh
Lego
But If I’m speaking English I’ll always be aware that most Danish people understand it
We can tell half the country voted for Trump
Don't randomly talk to people in public or take the seat next to theirs
** It is so much better to have the ability to remain ambiguous
I feel like this is what some of the protestors might not understand.
They actually have very high security standards
In service to the people
Some just have a dick, some have a dick with balls, some have a dick with balls and a pussy, and lastly some just have a dick and a pussy.
I keep reading about Americans having their card locked due to unusual behavior, is this a thing in Europe?
One could even call it arrogant
Maybe Bornholm becomes independent
Both share weird distinct speech, both are flat, both are famous for windmills (wind turbines for Denmark), both have bikes everywhere, and both are kingdoms as well
His people in parliament are basically empty shell chair fillers who have no say in the party's policies.
Oh, so now our government is lying?
Glyptoteket is an absolutely fantastic building and they have som nice pieces
Damn
That's not the case here, Denmark, the country Bernie supposedly wants to emulate
The ones that rely on food stamps (which a lot of people want to remove), or are sitting in deep debt because they wanted an education
The war of 1864
I remember building big snowmen, caves in snow drifts etc
They are unless you are just one of them that believes that "national socialism" was really a socialistic form of gouverment.
What food-related discussion is your country having
You'll have to ask a Finn about that :)
Average stupid people in denmark
Hmpf
Our son started bringing his girlfriend home for weekends when they were sixteen
The difference between Brazil and the Netherlands is, that while a majority of people on the street are still undercover cops, instead of guns they are equipped with bicycles
I think a lot of people could name at least the important ones (Texas, California, New York, Florida and following the 2020 election maybe Nevada and Georgia as well)
You forget that many of the people who can’t work are wrongfully assessed by the system and have to go years through a bureaucratic hell
Birthday party
They’re parents and teachers showed us pretty clearly where they’d gotten it from
The narrative of social cohesion and cooperation and "we're all in this together" rhetoric and such, is perhaps some of the biggest BS one can encounter in politics
What initially was meant as a one year educational thing, instead ended up looking more like something akin to ethnic cleansing
The boats are *seriously*overcrowded (which is one reason they so often capsize and/or sink), and many bigger boats are used as well.
In Denmark, we say “Langbortistan” which translates to something like “Very far away-istan”
That is obviously terrible
Russia can change between poor and rich VERY fast
Well its a perfect time to come down to Sydney..
> Der Komissar
To everyone else it's that funny little war that Bismarck used as practice for the wars that would lead to the formation of the German Reich
At my old place of work we had to send our camera crews to court for approval by her staff, and to lean to address her correctly
The end result, either way, is violence.
Pik = Cock
> This means that when I am talking about being pro-labour, I am talking about the ideologies that are not the dominant ideology, not the superstructure, but rather are pro-labour in that they aim for a change in ideology from a liberal ideology to an ideology for the continuation of the emancipation of the labouring class
I truly love night trains
Results through persistent, peaceful protesting.
In Denmark, we have the choice between Spanish or French.
heh im pretty sure germany, and everyone else, has more expirience with asylum seekers than the uk.
Even better is Danish "forgårs", basically like saying 'fore-yesterday" in English
Ca - Kalk
Quite the contrary now that I think about it.
Sometimes it just means nice (example: det var en hyggelig dag = it was a nice day), but most of the time it means cozy
We don't really have a choice afaik
Sweden
Sure, substituting your ground beef for beans isn't singlehandedly saving the world, but we all need to work together to be able to send a message where it really has a meaning
The solution is for Greenland and the Faroes to stop jabbering on about independence
I didn't miss it
and if any two of the following statements are true
If you only have card you can expect to pay charges and minimum spend amounts (£5) in pretty much all smaller businesses like pubs, drug stores, kebab joints etc.
wozzat
France and Scotland talking about curb stomping England and Germany
Its also not just his video, but a danish article citing it.
You need way more than 10x the recommended to get there
Wordfinal p/t/k is pronounced b/d/g. Wordfinal b/d/g is pronounced v(w)/ð/j.
EDIT: [Hey, there's a whole wiki page about it]
Beyond that, I greatly object to any insinuation that Denmark's treatment of the Faroes and Greenland today are anywhere near as bad as Britain's towards Ireland
24 episodes a new one released every day of December leading up the Christmas eve
I had a shitty teacher for a year (didn't learn shit), then i got stuck since
When we learned about the Kalmar union and the Denmark-Norway union after that, we mainly focused on the good thing whereas the Swedish and the Norwegians tend to view it differently
Can confirm
> displaying it for no reason is kinda strange
And its damn good
But yeah, otherwise I haven't heard any other adult learner speak as relatively accent-free as this guy
AFAIK The majority of US gun homicides are gang related.
The amount of money being made on the illegal market is huge, and is one of the main things that attracts young people to become "gangsters".
Beer in the shower, beer while getting dressed, then 5 beerbongs while your mates and you catch up before the party
Unfortunately we have a few idiots converting to Islam and then taking it way to seriously.
My dentist sends an SMS with the appointment already set
It's great that China is changing for the better since they themself had some serious problems with Climate change.
It can be very beautiful
Kebab pizza is probably the most popular one in Denmark too
They don’t have lastnames
I'm a french and have been living in damnmark for 5 years now
WE’RE TALKING ABOUT LANGUAGE NOT NUMERALS YOU SVENSKJÄVLAR ;,( wtf
I'm not keen a massive cluster of skyscrapers.
Disco pogo came to Denmark in full force as well
For me it is only Danish and English, with a little bit of the Norwegian one
Swearing was odd in older subtitles - like how it was decided that "pikansjos" (dick anchovie) should be the standard Danish swear word in films even though it's very niche and seldom used in real life
But from my personal experiences, I would say that it is nothing more than a joke, a friendly rivalry
I guess it worked out great, because both my sister and I became fluent at age 13-14
We have most pigs pr capita in the world
I think it's more of a 'everything adds up' kind of thing and not so much 30 mins of actual exercise every day.
I'll just be enjoying my 15 degrees and rain, thanks
The people of Greenland would oppose it.
My brother puts the butter on the side with holes
He's the true thrillmaster extraordinaire, at the center of all of our hearts
could be
Especially not small kiosks
99% sounds about right
People in the US were just incredibly helpful and kind
And this wouldn't be the case for knives, because
How can a country battle a state bankruptcy.
Thanks
The Chinese communist party are notorious liars
Also I think OP was looking for animated shows :)
690 000 pigs are slaughtered in the EU every day.
I have tried to search for the story but I can't remember her name, and my searches just give the many other news of people getting arrested in Turkey.
Have any of you experienced something like that
A bit sad, but Idk
Hulepindsvin (Cave Stick Swine) - Porcupine
As a former resident: Yes they do
That is ... who is MOST LIKELY to win that I ABSOLUTELY DON’T want to win
Agreed I will never forget my train ride from St Petersburg to Moscow the service was awesome by the way much better than anything in Denmark but the commieblocks you see on the way to central Moscow are truly depressing, and decided to stay in the center.
this is what people should realise is the end result
Haggis in Scotland, pierogi in Poland and lohikeitto in Finland - all three dishes I had never tried before, but all three of them tasted amazing
She was the leader of my political party, before she became a commissioner
That's how you conquer the world properly: Be such a great place to live that people *want* to be part of it
I like the comic but with few exceptions I tend to prefer Polandball for their humorous articles.
I am not the biggest fan of the EU
Edit: I was wrong about something, I have corrected my comment
70, halvfjerds: halvfjerde + sinde + tyve - meaning 3½ times 20
It's completely a part of the language
And besides we already have our beautiful Princess
I actually don't really know why they do it
Humanities
Similar problem in cities of course, but usually the speeds are lower
The city has burned down, to dirt and ash 3 times
Det fimsede cykelstyroverskæg emperium
Jeg kan ikke læse hvad du skriver, prøv med lidt færre stavefejl.
They had to fight for it for quite a long time.
That is 4 meters more than the Netherlands.
I live in Aarhus, grew up north of Copenhagen, and have family in Sønderjylland, and everyone I know from all three places uses these words frequently
Does it have anything with the band in it
[Risalamande] is the quintessential christmas dessert in Denmark, usually with a whole almond in it, and whoever gets the almond gets a gift.
Within this context 'liberalism' refers to the superstructure, to the in society dominant religious, legal, and political systems
Some Danish exsmples would be
Russia only control Chechnya by proxy - with the same logic - you could say that Russia would only last 2 days against a combined Europe.
we just realize the whole thing about being from sjælland is a complete paralel to being from Jylland
The best analogy I can think of is to think of your country's UN membership.
[And here is the Danish prime minister biking
No other countries have fought as much as them
It's expensive to live in Denmark.
good good, let the hate ~~flow~~ **snow** through you
>They are not in the EU
In case you are interested, you can read more about it on [this blog
Yeah, I have no idea how 'rolig' got its Swedish definition.
and the people living out in the rural areas and small towns, want less immigration and don't care about the climate change
I think Scandinavia (or even the Nordic countries) is perhaps the only European region with a real shot of political unification
It's not really because of the racism situation in Europe (which is complex, and unfortunately getting worse).
My trading ships when they all try to deliver goods to a single warehouse in Anno 1800
<0 = cold
Us in denmark are very fond of our southern neighbours, and I think they like us too
and sold the islands to USA afterwards
On that rare occasion there is a possibility
Danish National Radio played that song at 23:30.
Oh dang, my Dear, sweet, half cousin twice removed and all such things
In this case, it was because I only saw it popping up after those Alabama memes became popular
Our number system is old fashioned, fellow scandies just need to adapt
And since we also have "dag" (day) it isn't as ambiguous as "Day" in English
It's fucking disgusting how some companies treat their employees.
* " Ingen ko på isen" (no cow on the ice) - no danger
hang on a bit
Not all countries have an export led economy.
Right
Geographically, Copenhagen is smaller.
There won't be any Streams today.
Chaos orc, perhaps
I would say it's definitely creating a division, but her economic policies were widely considered good here in Northern Europe (and as far as I recall, some parts of Eastern Europe), which is the host of most of the EU-skeptical countries.
IT was awesome
2 great reasons to visit Bulgaria
Drain or dredge
"Look at the size of my fucking fish"
I live in a concrete block surrounded by other concrete blocks
Pretty much never, though I guess there are actually some military ships ships in the Copenhagen harbor, I think I saw one of them sailing last summer.
They're descriptivist not prescriptivist mostly
Kinda like in Southern Europe
I went there a few years ago
Because Denmark and the UK opted out from the requirement to have it, and therefor can choose whether or not to get it.
Fårup Sommerland
He is going to cook himself
Why anyone likes that is beyond me, but to each his own
The whole list came about when a couple tried naming their kid "Anus" if I recall correctly
It would totally decimate our labour market and high wages
The liberals moved to restrict education, Social Democrats/nationalists moved to restrict foreign access.
[2018 results]
I've recently had it pointed out by a New Zealander living in Denmark that this is something to do as well - after some consideration I realized the only times I ever touch my curtains, is if the sun bothers me
Why are we the fat cat D:
I actually like the taste of pizza so completely overwhelming it with the ananas taste is just awful
Special doctors office establishing period
turns out it's south of italy
It doesn't exactly help if you fight one terrorist organisation while being connected to another one.
When you live in another EU country you are to be treated as any other citizen with all which that entails
Drive along the E50 and count all the castles you see
Numbers of members are falling though and my cynical mind don't really see the youth being as big supporters of the unions as their peers
Water, milk, beer or wine, depending on what I feel to or what goes best with the meal.
Denmark: [We're down with bridges too - and artifacts
I learned to speak acceptable german by watching Sesam Straße, not Sesame Street
We even have the same keep attaching words to other words language peculiarity.
You say that now, but we won't ever forget that time you walked over the ice
A lot of them have a naive view that knowing English will make them attractive on the job market
Denmark neighbors would be the rest of Scandinavia and Germany, non of whom I think we would have anything against helping.
But it’s not the highest point in Denmark proper
Other than that no
And if the island is in a lake it would be sjöööl
And also, there are no news here; we all know that this happened, that newspapers write about it isn’t news
Orban isn't alt right, but an conservative.
Neither did 63.1% of the country mate
I came from an open and direct culture in Scandinavia where no one is worth more or less in a conversation
Sure
It felt much more Northern European, more specifically German, which would make sense
The slavic paradox: the women are hot, the men are butt-ugly bear-people
[The Central Bank] is famous for being loved or hated
In Denmark your country’s name is literally Holland
Unless you go around eastern Europe
And the Gestapo was just doing their jobs
Like, all it accomplish is raising stock prices for 2 years, at which point, 3 years of dividends will be paid out
I guess Russia will be Russia, but not much else
The fence and the redistribution scheme are completely unrelated
The wages are negotiated between unions and employers and no one else.
A side effect of happy pills is a tendency for suicidal behavior.
If we include Greenland, then it's easy too
Benjamin button
Can you name other internationalist movements than the Socialist movement though
The translation isnt that great
They’re really good
You are a fine illustration of why we don't have a common rate for coorporate taxation.
I looked it up, and thought it to be some sort of ham(because of schinke), and then I saw it was basically just a weird German way of saying "placintă".
Humanities
Probably even so when you top it with jam.
And note that this is from the most optimistic scenario in an unusually optimistic report, which also doesn't take costs into account (it counts the jobs created, but not the jobs lost).
Also, a bunch of French cities (such as Tours) have a good amount of people who commute to Paris via the TGV
As someone learning Spanish: where
For all practical purposes, nearly all youngish people I know are atheists.
ECHR - European Convention on Human Rights (English Version)
I remember once someone on the Denmark subreddit wrote about how he was doing an exchange and had gotten a room in Hvidovre and what there was to do in the area, and all the comments were basically: "the only thing there is to do is grab your things, walk to the train station and go to Copenhagen". That's the general attitude
Ok thought you meant during the Cold War
But we do put ourselves under the danish banner when we have to(like with the flair flag), because we do live here.
Ryanair were honestly too experienced
Hold an early election and they would lose maybe 1/3 of its voters and possibly ensure that the next 4 years under a more left leaning government leaves them with zero influence at all
I guess that British guy is just a hornball who see one girl topless and focuses on them, not noticing the rest lol
It's kind of like Moscow
It was basically played at least once every hour
Du bist, er sie es ist - the rhyme is still in my head, but when i was in Berlin this weekend, i could hardly ask for directions.
Depends on where you are travelling from I guess.
We do not feel it, and therefore have no word to express it.
I have a lot more if people wants
That's a rather recent bruh
The phone doesn't tell me anything I can't ignore if I want
People from Malta speak English and Italian
I've lived in Randers for 21 years and never found any of the stereotypes be confirmed any more than I have in other towns - that is to say that some individuals confirm them, and some don't. It depends on where you look
What the heck are you doing
holy bits
So something like "shit wriggler". I don't know the origin of the word, but maybe someone who wriggles in shit
The second was a German professor who became mad
If you propose to halt immigration from MENA countries for a few years, then you are literally proposing a more severe version of Trump's travel ban.
It grew from there, but it's still on the basis that they only serve housing cooperatives and homeowners associations and the like, and only if they buy a share of the ISP and effectively become part owners.
This means that as a part of maintaining the social status-quo, it is important the ideology; it politically confuses the exploited groups of society via what sociologists call false consciousness
She pretty much scammed Denmark for 111 million crowns and then rushed to south africa
Nothing of the sort has been passed yet though.
Lots of European news agencies are also very pro Palestine and while being so can sometimes come off as anti Israel.
It is rather ironic
Wait, is that the amount of the Bulgarian population comprised of Gypsies who steal TVs, or just Gypsies in general
Cringe
Oh, most definetely
If it is devolped in English, it's usually better than the translated version, due to jokes being lost on translation, or just things sounding stupid
That is exactly what i came here to ask about
We only get them if someone leaks the numbers as some governments holds them under tight lid even if the police gathers the data.
They were called feltmadrasser (field mattress') in Denmark
They are actually closer to Old Danish than our current modern variant, so if anything, they would be able to claim to be Danish
If you don't integrate you'll always be "The Norwegian" to the people around you in another country
I have certainly never seen them anywhere else
"Very complicated relationship with Denmark" Ouch :'(
Just because they've changed less doesn't make them less modern
The Belgian Grimbergen beer has recently been introduced in Denmark by Carlsberg, and it has been a huge success, probably also due to the high regard Belgian beer has.
in danish it sounds similiar to makron, which is a very sweet crispy cookie
Former leader of the democratic opposition party in the United Kingdom and soon to be politician-in-exile (selfimposed) Nick Griffin seeks political asylum in the guardian of liberty and democracy that is Victor Orbans Hungary after communist threats on his life surfaces.
That would probably make Spain veto you guys potentially joining EU if you should decide to go independent at some point though
That should be all it takes in a number of countries at least.
Impressive life
But then what would they have done with Norway
Also as others said, Russia is getting more out of that dollar value than we would.
Regarding jobs I was super disappointed tbh
I actually think that we moving towards a more religious future, due to the pressure people fell from **the media coverage** of migration.
That's what I gathered from other comments in here from people that seem to know hwat they're talking about
Russia's goal has always be destabilization of the west
Seems like a pretty casual sub so far
I've never seen one in Denmark
Also they seem to think of it as a very bad thing and even go so far as to call Christian II for "Kristian Tyrann", when in fact it was the church that ordered the execution of the heretics
After that it's all sorts of things in random order..
Wel
One thing to consider, is that dentist visits are 100% subsidized until you are 18 years where after you have to pay yourself
Tak, ik den fedeste fødselsdag din bedstefar havde der
And I don't think it's something the region should prioritize right now
That's Sjælland, which we in Jylland usually say is a part of Sweden
That is the whole point of this model
There is a big difference between what a party entails when being in your twenties and what is means as you get older
Yeah
The times we've lost to Sweden.
Our EU 'representatives' are an embarrassment
I love how every active GenZedong user follows pretty much the exact same script
But I think it's pretty typical to move out at 18-19, because the financial assistance given to all adult students and cheap student housing actually allows people to do so
It’s so silly to discuss wether Finland is Scandinavian or non-Scandinavian as we are very much alike - despite our languages that is
Still doesn’t mean it’s unimportant
You've got to be shitting me
Today mostly because there almost always will be someone not speaking Danish involved at some point
Much of the time, it wasn't even the Danes doing the transferring
Same here
He's a stalwart hero who laughs at death himself and only smiles at the opportunity of being strapped on top of the biggest rocket you can imagine being launched into space, only to see if it works
But even then a certain amount of sharing is usual
When the vikings became Christian they changed tactics and fought for conguest of territory instead.
Logos all day everywhere you go
Circumcision releases large amounts of cortisol in developing brains which has a negative impact, it decreases sexual pleasure, circumcised men have a higher chance of getting erectile dysfunction, most health organizations in the world with statements on circumcision are opposed to circumcising children
Land = Country
He is one of the mascots of r/dankmark
Jeg er nordvest jyde
Christian, Frederick, Margrethe, Hans, Christoffer, Erik, Oluf, Valdemar, Abel, Knud (Canute), Niels, Harald, Svend, Magnus, Hardeknud and Gorm are the Danish options
Greece - Grækenland (Greek-country)
It's common enough to encounter words that the first time you hear them sound a bit too much like an unimaginative Dane having a lazy guess at the English translation: "landscape", "yuletide", "ransack" etc
Just a pile of rocks in the same configuration for 3000 years
I love this so much
Were the lands of the Geats and Sveas not united in a single country before Vasa
The motorway was in good condition, and all of it was lighted through the night
How does this compare with knives
Much unlike the flat coastal 5 story endless asphalt human enclosure which I grew up in
The moment you try in the native, they'll simply reply in English
Does this also count the black and hispanic communities in the US
His name is instead: Romeo G. Detlev Jr
I wanna hug the driver of that truck
But at least the take away from various newspapers is that France has stagnated and is in dire need of reforms
Oh no, If Norwegians are indeed leaning towards Svensken, then I feel sorry for them.
It's like sprite but better
Because they fixed it and probably cooperated.
In danish gæld means debt it wouldn't surprise me is the words had similar roots
Lidl does the same thing in Denmark, proudly explaining how most of their goods are actually Danish and not German
Longest living or the first known domestic cat
Or barely any bars on 3G outside in the middle of Copenhagen...3 has such shitty coverage.
The swamp-germans let the fumes go to their brains is all.
If i lived in the Baltics, i'd quite honestly be really offended.
Norwegian is also somewhat understandable verbally, but Swedish (and Sweden) straight up sucks
Edit: the specific case of the giraffe apparently was Copenhagen zoo
Generally they provide a good moral foundation
Edit: Also I added that the Western half of Papua is part of Indonesia, where they have like 250(there are over a thousand on the entire island) of the 700 languages in Indonesia
It looks like:", or something similar
Germany, again
Same thing happened with "Strøget" here in Copenhagen, in the early 1960's it was still a regular street (for cars), but now it is a 1
I wish I never saw that picture
In Denmark they have already been back a month or so and there is pretty safe here too
Seems to me, it is mostly people who "would really like us Danes to be less Danish".
I am visiting France - can confirm, it’s hot at shit at the very moment
Having it in either Malmö or Copenhagen would benefit both of us, and that's also the region where most of our medical companies are.
Meanwhile I could guesstimate a lot in English
If you go to many places around the world, they still hold these conservative values - even if you go to the west coast of Mid Jutland fx.
It's a churro chart my friend
In Denmark most people consider a 40 minutes car ride 'far away'
The US just 9/11'ed Iraq to kill an Iranian
Honestly, i wish you the best and please get that clown out
Students at higher education are paid 830 euro a month by the government
And, as the consequences section of that site points out, if Facebook doesn't want to buy those licenses, we'll all end up seeing a lot less reputable news sources
I think this might be the only point where a slavic, a germanic and a romance country meet
In places where you get a lot of rain, snow etc.
Until someone start to build
Basically, Jutland is divided into 3 different dialects - west, north/east and then south
He said terrorism would still be a thing in Norway, even if there had never been any muslim immigration, because Anders Breivik did what he did.
The Danish nobility also got anxious and disposed him, because what were to stop that madlad from doing it to them too
Hokus-pokus-filiokus (which is used in other languages too) is from the Latin "hoc est corpus filii" which means "this is the body of the son". It was of course said in church at communion
I know, I’ve watched SKAM
He's not wrong though
Without ISDS mechanisms we could in theory still put tariffs (or other trade hindering practices) on Canadian goods (and the other way around), this would effectively render the agreement useless.
I see alt the other shit she and her cronies engaged in, it could be.
Things haven't changed dramatically.
Canada is not part of the UK but share the monarch as head of state
Just surrender
Also, never buy trains from Italy
A few meters from you he stops, looking you straight your eyes, without a smile: "Ho ho ho.
RUC is by no means rock bottom and University of Southern Denmark has some real capacities
Frankly, nobody except the mink farm owners have been interested in the issue
That seems odd, I was taught all of those things and more, even before secondary school (gym)
They never returned to their families
Otherwise the classics are: train, bus, traffic
He was falling in the polls before he stopped campaigning for safety reasons, even if he got the 30% which was like the upper limit for what he would get the parties that have said would not work with him more or less made it impossible for him to form a government coalition and as such no, he would not win so far as becoming the government..
I would argue that any individual who is in direct service of the state and with whom the state has shared the privilege of being allowed to apply force is not a civilian.
Denmark has it as well - there used to be two different rates, one for radio only, and one for radio and tv
Unfortunatly Danes are weird with people, who are different from them, not just Germans
I used to live close to the German border (45 minutes) and we went there maybe 10 times a year mostly just to get cheap beer and candy ( had a friend who had 3 hours of in the middle of the day and then choose to make the trip to get beer and sodas for an upcoming party
Merkel forbid that EU collapses we always have the kalmar Union to fall back on
It's almost as if they trust people close to them more
Loooks like they need all the gas themselves
Stormen der udrydder den ynkelige lille ting du kalder dit liv
We do refrigerate our eggs, but I think that's just to keep them fresh longer and/or is just how it has always been
Sounds like a blast
6 months of summer, 3 months of spring, 3 months of autumn, 0 months of winter
That being said, maybe my school was shitty because we had zero focus on analytical skills
It is not a big deal in Denmark
in denmark kebab pizza is this, but with lettuce, tomato and cucumber
Thanks for the thorough explanation
CO's and WA's policies coming closer to Amsterdam's does not suddenly make Amsterdam more Americanized.
Fine on their own but keep them separate plz.
(...) the story took place during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866
WW1 is not as heavily taught in Denmark because of our neutrality I guess
Mate, the right Kraków you want to be visiting is Kraków.
I've seen many, many supposed left-wingers calling for the killing of alt-righters.
IIRC we have the most vowel sounds of any language in the world, though not the highest amount of sounds
That the people of the world should unite across nationalist boundaries to advance their common interests
They should do a remake of Gøngehøvdingen
Agreed
Always seems insane to me when grown adults argue that they should be allowed to cut part of their baby's penis off
Otherwise there is no way theyd get so much damage from GDPR that theyd feel the need to do that
Rest in peace to the brave firefighter who passed
Beans, tofu and the like is a ton cheaper in the UK then in Denmark
Despite basically no Europeans ever feeling attacks against Israel is justified.
It’s to the point where even Danes are being raised with the “Germanic languages are ugly, Romance languages are pretty” beauty standards
lack of city life outside drinking culture, at least for many youths
Parents usually allow their kids to drink around the age of 14-15 and you can buy weaker alcohol (beer and such) from age 16
Gum surgery, as much as it probably sucks, has a hellll of a lot higher survival rate than cancer
Eriksen
In some cases I think it's actually more common that locating it in the capital
God dammit reddit have we learned nothing from Stan lee and Harper Lee
Not enough Kebab shops 0/10
Recital 23 of the GDPR "...In order to determine whether such a controller or processor is offering goods or services to data subjects who are in the Union, it should be ascertained whether it is apparent that the controller or processor envisages offering services to data subjects in one or more Member States in the Union
With the other nationalities I could also say small things like that, which would make me assume they were from those countries
Which would be relevant if I as an American was trying to deflect criticism away from the USA by pointing at other countries
The problem is that so long as Greenland and the Faroes keep threatening independence, all of this is up in the air
I'm 30 and that stopped way before I was born i public schools AFAIK
Yeah, exactly like you described.
spaghetti is called a "dørslag" which literally means "door-hit" and it utterly nonsense
Seriously, we use multiple laws that fuck our image up to discourage refugees coming to Denmark, and when we bring an old law up on a principle case *once* we are already turning into a sharia state.
My parents drove me around Europe a lot - this isn't that long time ago.
Stupid sexy Finland
Thank you for telling about this location
**Finland**
Norwegian uses a lot of the same words as Danish, and I’m often told by people from other countries that they cannot tell them apart from each other
It was changed in 1855 after the three year war
Did you guys throw us out of Scandinavia without telling us
I chose a dvd for tonight
Brian is a heavily stigmatized name for a "chav" with tattoos everywhere and usually wearing pants in the socks and so on.
Duterte is secretly rather fond of their radical Muslim population.
Say you make 30
Everyone should be made to play EU4 just to learn maps and (alternative) history
I don't know how old the root is
we don't really fight much up here
Given our history it's surprising how little Swedish history we learn and that we don't really have any  clear-cut Swedish villains everybody knows - guess it's a bit like losing interest in a long series that didn't turn out the way you hoped
She cut off his penis and ate it, and proceeded to boil him in a big pot
They are all pretty much dead now and the variation consist of regional pronunciations of Rigsdansk (Standard Danish)
I'm not really trusting the numbers from China
Most people here probably understand that, but I just wanted to make that clear since there are places in the world where neighboring countries legitimately hate each other
Bars can be anything from 11 am - 5 am, with some "after hours" places open from 1 am to like, 9 or 10 am
Nordic Union ️ but EU is okay, just need some cleaning up
Not so much because people think it cause autism, but that it makes people sick
I loved greeting people with Buenas when i was traveling in Colombia for 3 months.
According to google
I believe there were some grandchildren of those girls who found a mattress in their garden, this might have happened multiple times
Half of my class is 20
I don't know if it's exactly a *stigma*, but from what I gather, calling people in positions of authority by their first name and not their title would be a huge social faux pas in other countries . It's the norm here
That was further back in the past and doesn't have the same impact
We ship it to Malaysia, where they dump it in the ocean instead  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Then I read your comment
And Germany still puts much blame on it self
So I as a Dane should be very pleased by the fact Denmark is so old that no one really knows what it means anymore.
Does Food count
I would send you one sandwich if I could
We might be
Yeah, it's about 800 euro per month but taxed so you get less net.
Back in the 90s when a lot of IT related words were new or only recently widely used, there should have been an official effort to provide well thought out Danish alternatives, instead it was a jungle where competing Danish versions were more often than not rather awkward and lengthy, which only assured we would generally just go with the English words
How hard it is to get mental health support if you aren't insanely lucky or have a lot of money
And i like to visit my deceased family
Or hang out with "hipsters" at least?
But we have a ridiculous amount of rules about how those guns can look and what features they can have.
The average Dane is almost not Christian at all, only referring to the religion in the case of Christmas, weddings, funerals, baptism and confirmation (in order of general priority).
An exception can be made if you only have one flag pole
Therefore, the offenders must also be consistently prosecuted.
This is the reason why some countries actually welcomed the Nazis, as they hunted the communists out of their country
See we treat the Greenlanders well and they are happy.
First time i ever saw Furries in Fursuits outside in real life was when i was in Moscow
Har ikke forstået hvad regeringen har gjort mod virksomhederne
We just give up our potential Euro voting rights to feel good about having different bill designs
I think *Neutral* (possibly combined with *Not heard of it*) creates an indication of noteworthiness, how much the Brits care about that country - a low rating means they care a lot
Luckily my department had partnered up with a department in that country teaching Danish.
Basically, you should be able to drink it straight from a cup if it weren't for the biscuits
**Lolland and Falster:** Poor post-industrial depression
It's not that he's black, is it?
raisins are underrated
5 in Denmark and a planning studio
To be fair, in most of the western civilized countries that's how people perceive the police
They can recycle all they want, but I still won't buy a nestle product ever
Do you think it is at all possible that this in part was orchistrated by voters that will vote for Le Pen in the upcomming election and want her to face a weaker opponent?
They were part of the UK once i think
Most recently I forgot what a sink in Danish was called
This is the issue with social media, as it encourages this kind of behaviour
For Denmark the most dangerous animal would be the Wasp
Size of Soda Cups sums it opup for me as well
I go to the Sanish equivalent of high school where snus is everything
On the other hand, it is completely economically unfeasible, and I'm not sure the Danish government would even accept a sudden unilateral declaration
In which case they should be training with the weapon that they'll be carrying around in the field
Clarity is that people generally know what was agreed upon.
> And yet, in many countries people who see the word Asian will think of the Far East rather than the near East
Well that's a given when you can either vote Erdogan or serve jailtime
Well, it isn't your great after skiing with plenty of cheap beer, that's for sure.
[In older usages of "fart" it means "way", so this town is called Midway]
I found some [data on this from London:]
I've lived in Randers for 21 years and never found any of the stereotypes be confirmed any more than I have in other towns - that is to say that some individuals confirm them, and some don't. It depends on where you look
If there had to be one single requirement, that should be it
knowing someone who knows someone
Quite funny
The tradition of the candles on the evening of the 4th is that the BBC broadcast to Denmark in the evening of 4 may 1945 revealed that Germany had surrendered
I'm pretty sure you also have a specific shortage of doctors, at least from anecdotal evidence
In the summer, people who are also hanging out at the park/beach/wherever
In Denmark Aldi beats Lidl in a number of ways.
Nobody really dislikes Fyn (region)
After that, i embrace the diversity of europe
True, but it makes a bit more sense
* English: 98 % (there might be a few technical terms where I know the Danish word but not the English one)
The statement "everyone has basic human rights" is an ideological idea, not an objective fact
Forelsket
Not for any real reason other than that Vietnam really fascinates me.
Haha, good take on it :D
This is like calling every slavic person a Russian since they are of slavic ethnicity
Also usually infused with herbs and other stuff
000 DKK a month for reference (again, before taxes)
Edit: and of course you have to drasticly raise taxes
porque dinamarca es tan grande
Don't forget the begging and scams.
Yeah
It is not seen as bad taste
Try to explain what the major political parties of your country are like
The Rain is a live action show, it's not animated
Yes if there is one thing the french are famous for it's loving a good strike, french farmers are the best
True
Especially a few years back when girls +13 could get cervix cancer vaccinations, and there were a few cases of girls (of course not related to the vaccine shot) got very ill, seemingly after having gotten the vaccine
But you have double as many exams in Odense
We really do like our flag
That we actually let people from Sweden work in Copenhagen
AFAIK it's common across the main political divide in the US
The scenery is absolutely breathtaking and I can't wait to go back again
For the wedding there's thing's like cutting the groom's socks, the groom taking the bride's stocking of only using his theeth, the last kiss when either the groom or bride leaves the room everyone rushes up to get a last kiss, there's the banging on the tables under and over which means the bride and groom have to get on or under the table and kiss and then the guests stand up cheer, drink and sing, which is something that happens randomly during the whole day/night
In Denmark there are always danish people in the danish households
The green ones look like groups of people.
but then i guess Belgium and Denmark has got more in common than just beer enthusiasm
germany had one even when it was considered the sick man of europe and it's not makes labour market reforms work.
I think the first step would just be to implement it everywhere
* Portugal: Nelly Furtado
If GDP stagnates and interest rates increases, a significant higher proportion of the tax revenue will be needed to service the already existing debt, leaving less tax money for the items on the budget.
* Finland: Moomin, Nokia and the Rasmus
They (we) talk about signing up for organ donation, for donating blood, donating sperm, leaving the church etc.
then the jewish community went up in arms, because it affected them too.
Russia and China
How do you feel the level off empathy with Americans are in this thread
Scratch that
If anyone is interested here is a study from the EU on how to work towards a Defense union.
Also ""Danish'es"" aren't even fucking Danish, they're Austrian
Jalousi and misundelse
That happens regularly in Denmark, though.
Outright tampering would be extremely difficult.
there's 5
Flag
But these days we're best friends, albeit the kind of friends that constantly tease eachother
Germans seem to have a very particular fashion sense (not judging whether its good or not, but it certainly isn't like what we wear in Denmark, but I'm sure it's fashionable in Germany, as I see their celebs wearing it as well)
Apparently you can't just book a one way ticket and see where the wind takes you - HELP!!
It's a natural occurrence"
a common standard that can be applied to different countries, unlike crime, unemployment, median income and other things
You Sir have good taste- I tip my hat
Ours stop at around 15/16, same with German and Italy
If we continue as usual for 4 years, then, when we reach 2021, we will need to *immediately* halt *all* CO2 emissions.
The emotional part of me doesn't really disagree, as he was clearly not an upstanding citizen
Crazy how these small countries tries to overtake a giant nation like Russia
My parents switched to English when they were arguing before I could understand it
denmark is closely allied with america and works well with them on various military assignments
We do something very similar and so does Sweden
I think he means that everyone usually brings their own alcohol, so there's no need to share bottles.
I wanna thank the following countries:
Google (bare google det) “just google it”for looking things up
Then we'll play by entirely different rules and kick you out instead".
Does Copenhagen really smell like sewer
Just shy of 10% of the community identifies as various obscure ideologies: reactionaries, anarchists who didn't wanna press 'socialist', fascists, Posadists, monarchists
Despite countries like Rwanda & South Africa are literally equal to European countries
I'm not familiar with the particular atrocity you mentioned, but I don't doubt the royals have lots of dirty secrets, and anything coming to light publicly would be swiftly swept under the rug
But you are supposed shake the cans
I had to explain to a bunch of people in England that polar bears do not roam the streets of Denmark
Half of infinite is still infinite
And yet, so many people praised it for being amazing and engaging
Huh, didn’t know that
Look and learn Evergreen, look at learn
As far as I can tell, it was an attempt to "Educate the savages".
[Pronunciation]
Well our healthcare is generally fine - but only if they’re able to figure out what’s actually wrong, then the care and economic support you get is decent (cancer for instance)
Yep
Their cuisines are also primarily hunted meat and fish, that has been fermented or dried
Additionally, it's much harder to track my spending
"Lægge en arm" = "Drop an arm" is related and terrible
Yeah, it's (still) a big event and a lot of people watch it and it usually gets front pages in the media.
Also, quite funny that I as a dane is pointing out that Prague was missing
So for instance, "I accidentally liked his picture" would be "jeg kom til at like hans billede" instead of "jeg kom til at syntes godt om hans billede"
So basically some woman gets on a few stops after I got on and she said hi to everyone sitting in the vicinity and tried to converse with another passenger
Should have just ignored him and leave him there without any glue remover.
I wasn't completely sure so I clarified it.
Is that a thing where you're from
Very cute and charming movie
[Example 1]
I want everyone to react to male circumcision as they react to female circumcision.
I love Donald Trump but i loved Mogens Glistrup more since he wasn't a playboy with a trophy wife..
Yes citizenship is a privilege not a right.
This news is not proved
Wonderful
And oh boy does [This] look out of place
A classic danish animated film would be [Valhalla] from [1986] which is based on a popular [comic series] about the nordic gods
"*That's ridiculous
In this regard class consciousness in Denmark is relatively low, as collaboration rather than resistance is the key word
DLF Seeds A/S is a danish company that sells about 30% of the worlds " forage and turf seed" - grass, mostly for either sporting locations or animal gracing
"You're all equally worthless
It's a lot more complicated to break up 100s of years of identities than create a new one.
The feel of the chamber is crazy, it's as if you have just walked into the oval office
In Copenhagen you can get away with just saying "I had to take the 5A bus" and people will be like: Fair enough, I'm surprised you weren't at least half an hour later
Really
Petersburg, and they looked as if no one had been living there for 70 years
We will
Stating that is an incredibly easy thing to do, but actually making it happen is what ultimately matters, as that's the ultimate test
I have never seen a kitchen that didn't have one.
That's how macroeconomics works.
Why are you using American numbers
Poirot is just so fucking cool
You need way more than 10x the recommended to get there
YouTube be like ; You cannot steal your work
I am danish but speak danish as a second language (Due to some bad advice from a doctor, I never was taught to speak danish growing up)
I remember having to read and excerpt of some icelandic saga in original language
Don't forget our "Overly explicit music for no reason" phase back in the 2000's. Sol over Gudhjem by Torrpedorr etc
I really hope things work out for you, and that issues like these will be ironed out in the (not too distant) future
Trust me
My grandfather used to take me and my brother twice a year, and we both loved it every time
The cafe is supposed to be good, though a bit gross since it sells all of Elvis' favourite foods
I think Italy made a bit as well
Dress old to match the husband - smart
Ethnicity isn't the main giveaway
splitting off to become their own states in a federal EU.
I really like the word 'Oxymoron'.
There's no "Tom Cruise" on my search at all
I find the 200 euro per capita to be a good compromise as only Denmark and Netherlands to my knowledge have exceeded that amount
Just drive really slowly and use the parking indicator and gps
Hence "Wir wollen unseren alten Kaiser Wilhelm wieder haben"
"Danes have a funny sounding language" was not a thing internationally before internet meme culture
What about your country
For example, a few months ago me and some friends were playing CSGO, when a Danish guy was on our team
000,65 format, but I think the Swiss way looks nice and it makes sense
You forgot "má ekki hylja" and "ei saa peittää"
Østrig - Austria
Yes
Corona handling might be the least important of these factors imo
The Norwegian Children’s Ombudsman is opposed as well
If you call a relative in an area where it snowed that day it's the first thing they will tell you
However, for example sætte would also be used for yourself, so while in English you'd say "I sit on the chair" and "I'll sit down on the chair", in Danish you'd say "I sidder on the chair" (Jeg sidder på stolen) and "I sætter me on the chair" (Jeg sætter mig på stolen), so there are subtle differences
It's still a far cry from the 490 g/kWh of natural gas (the "cleanest" of the fossil fuels)
[*Danish influence intensifies*]
Aight, that tripped me up a bit
I use a train that stops in an area with a lot of immigrants.
Also Outer Nørrebro is worse than Inner Nørrebro
That was exactly what I thought of when I first read the headline.
I believe there were some grandchildren of those girls who found a mattress in their garden, this might have happened multiple times
Nordics scoring bad
Lockhart f.ex
I felt bad for the other passenger who you could hear the annoyance in her tone when she gave short and close-ended answers back
Then their great-grandparents came from Hinterdupfing, but they themselves are 100% from Texas.
He tried to govern in the beginning and was described as intelligent but immature and full of temperament
One day we will get a Somethingy McSomethingface!
But very useful, in case you want to go study in another Nordic country, which quite a few people do
And welcome them back when they fullfill the requirements regarding democracy and rule of law
it's a "typo". Probably deliberate
~~france~~
I have never worked for a company that negotiated salary or working conditions with a union anyway
It also happens to be the one that targets my culture, but that's totes irrelevant and not why I think it's a legitimate issue.
Now he knows this can happen
People tend to be concerned about preserving cities' historical skylines.
I think you mean "deliberately" use peat
The Vegan party who have compared meat-eaters to Nazis
Skåne was literally the Danish heartland
Administratively Denmark is divided in to five regions with pretty boring names, North Jutland, Middle Jutland, South Denmark, Sealand, and the capital Region
When we're tired of talking with you we just drop a syvoghalvfjerds and let the conversation disintegrate from there
Iceland because we have a meme beef with Norway and Sweden meaning I can’t support them in any way
As a dane I wouldn't mind if it was disbanded, and a Scandinavian Union was formed in it's stead
> and in Scandinavia, the winter solstice is traditionally considered as midwinter, with the winter season beginning 1 November
In that case I'll top it off
There's also the point that sure, Americans move around within the US quite a lot, but almost always within the country.
Here is a [Wikipedia page] about it, but as it also says there are no clear borders nor any official demarcation
This narrative, however noble it might seem, is bullshit
Just taking a plane and stepping out in another country isn't as fun as riding all the way.
Russians eat ice cream all year round
Disagree
Even with a decent pay, you should expect half+ to go to rent, and then you wouldn't even get that much space or quality of the amount of money you pay
I say Denmark prepared for climate change and went full Atlantis
I don't know if we ever had such a programme
Some people use yogurt instead of milk, some people add sugar or raisins, some people cook it into porridge.
If ISIS and Al-qaeda started fighting would you call Al-qaeda heroes aswell?
Nothing to be seen there folks.
Maybe some historians have an opinion about him, but most Danes would not
Lolland - drug addiction, petty crime, post-industrial depression
Yes, but German psyche demands that they run a surplus indefinitely, so any increase in spending would require cuts elsewhere.
People from different cultures, speaking different languages and so are only some hours away in a car
like 8 out of 10 times they are doing a terrible impression of it and come across as trying to sound stuck up or better than the rest with their generic/american accent and think they are doing a great job of it
Needing a car in order to get anywhere is also a big fat no in my book
It's a good way to promote unions
It’s Werner the Wasp (Hvepsen Verner)
est-ce que vous parlez anglais?
Every year, thousands of danes go to Germany to shop at the border because it's cheaper down there
A U-boat is a boat that sails above water but has the ability to dive
Recital 23 of the GDPR "...In order to determine whether such a controller or processor is offering goods or services to data subjects who are in the Union, it should be ascertained whether it is apparent that the controller or processor envisages offering services to data subjects in one or more Member States in the Union
NAME (PARTY) (VOTE ON AMENDMENT/VOTE ON DIRECTIVE)
I live in a small town in Jutland (I suppose you live/lived in one of the four biggest cities since there's a uni), and here the only custom is that you stretch out your left/right hand when turning left/right
Thomas in the Caribbean
Obviously not for the disease itself.
80% debit card, 19% mobile payment and 1% cash.
Haha
Couldn't convince him that knight wasn't pronounced knait (now I wonder why he didn't also claim it'd be knai**g**t), that knee wasn't pronounced knii or that sword wasn't svord (like with a v not as with a w)
What other side of the argument is there?
The Balkans are like Scandinavia - it is a geopolitical region, meaning that geography matters, but ultimately, the question of who is and isn't is more a matter of culture
Population is around 5
Things that personally bothers me:
*insert roblox death sound*
due to the variety of vegetables, fruits etc
Yeah, it's about the same
That accounts for roughly 10 % of the Danish renewable power generation
You know it would be frowned upon if I said this about germany, ie invoking the past in an argument about current states
You mean the US is so armed that no one would ever think of attacking a NATO country.
Nice to finally see Europe waking up
You said to listen to both sides of the argument.
Well there is Gasolin who every dane loves, there is shubidua and there's Kim Larsens solo project
I've been in Cluj several times, as I have some friends and acquaintances who live there, but the only person I know who knows Hungarian is from a Romanian Hungarian family
Ok thanks for explaining
Until the beer and snaps arrives
"A æ u å æ ø i æ å" = I'm on an island in a creek
We also do that, but not with the hand next to your head
And if we try to artificially preserve language (like when we try to artificially preserve "history" in open-air museums) we can at most freeze it in place, and create a vulgar representation, a linguistic Frakenstein's monster
After you answer that, tell me which NATO country Serbia attacked so that a defensive organisation had to fight back
I just refer to it as "Mid-Atlantic"
Finland still have a huge part of the light green germanic (nordic)
Flodhest (River Horse) - Hippo
We don't get cold weather
Yeah, we don't hear much from the faroes in the news or media.
Wait a minute
Apparently both flags started showing up somewhere in the 1200's so getting a precise date on either is going to be tricky unless you have a time machine handy
Withholding welfare payments makes sense, since those payments requires the receiver (the parent) to be available and ready to take a job - which is impossible with small kids at home
He is not a nice person, so sadly no.
Thx for reminding me of lancier OP, God I hated that with a fiery passion
(It is NOT prenounced how you think)
Housing is often of poor or sub-par quality, some areas are very densely build up, a lot of infrastructure is lacking or very old (not necessarily roads, I'm of the belief cities should be build for pedestrians and bikes), housing can be very expensive to have upkeep of, etc
This just in, scandinavia still sexist as hell
Not uniquituous in Denmark at all
Looks like most of it is gone now
Wait are you saying you don't get a ticket if police stops you and you don't have your drivers license on you?
Don't ask me why the automatic has an extra 20 horsepower with the same engine
[Pronunciation]
Pretty sure we can strike a balance and this is way off to the pointless side of that golden mean
They are our annoying big brother
Are any of the skiing areas good compared to what we have in the alps.
Alors on Dance
When I leave the house I don't even take my cards with me
It rarely gets violent, but people go absolutely nuts over the most ridiculus sports they didn't even know existed
36,4 is enough
I had it when I went to Slovakia
I would say this is successful training
Does the town get noticeably warmer when this happens
I'd say in many ways the dialects of Thybomål, Sønderjydsk and Alsisk, basically work as their own language - Bornholmsk at times as well
I don't think they need to do anything special to "be respected".
mostly grumpy old men did this,
Horse meat is some damn good meat
Bocelli
As A dane, i Can confirm
Anything in the mid-30's I'd probably stop functioning completely
That’s a fair point
You better start drinking the Kool-Aid
And if you’re 14 and therefore can’t, stores don’t really care anyway
On behalf of Copenhagen, massive thanks to Amsterdam, Budapest, Magaluf, Prague etc for diverting that particular traffic away from us
Or do we call them arabs or muslims?
EDIT: the song det bedste til mig og mine venner is my favorite from Gasolin
That is why the wind mills shoots up everywhere.
Those two flags are pretty much a prime example of the "Can I copy your homework
A bicycle is cheap, easy to maintain, and on a door to door basis faster than a car on many commutes.
But this graph doesn't count power imported from other countries, only power generated
Same here
Don’t forget its Latin name: Lalandia
I actually found quite a few people that spoke German that had worked in eastern Germany and Czech Republic before the fall of the iron curtain.
because living in a democracy comes reeeeaaallly close
This is like when you open up your new Gi-joes back when you were a kid
syv hundred femoghalvtreds tusind to hundred otteoghalvfjerds
The Danish language
They found the error around October last year.
I mean it seems quite practical to me, so it makes sense that it's popular is you can't bothered to do too much grooming
you might get lucky if you join clubs, attend any social gathering you possibly can, and are very brave with approaching people and letting you goal be known to them
5 would be half three
Like in Egypt everybody lives along the Nile while the rest of the country is pretty much empty
It's a sketch that anyone with a shred of self-irony would find funny.
Butter is great if you want a buttery taste
[Like this
The actual Viking Age is interesting enough in its own right, no need to make shit up.
At least some loanwords from indo-european languages
Hvor er du fra
), but no one talks that cleanly
But in practice most people under 40 speak 'Ris dansk" and maybe their local accent/dialect when at home.
What human rights have been torn down?
id like to make sure i know who to vote for next time
>  rather that they are probably still in the testing phase and they will only become bike lanes in the future
I remember when you had forest fires in Israel a few weeks ago, the hashtag "if you are happy today it's because Israel is burning/اسراييل_تحترق# where trending big time.
Such an entirely different vibe from other big cities like Aalborg or Aarhus which feels more danish and homey
So I think that might not have helped her case
The liberal countries need examples of socialism, so we know what route not to take.
Looks like that one antman poster
Okay, to be perfectly honest, this was just something I saw in a [Vice Documentary]
It was designed to represent all of Europe.
One politician randomly discovered it by walking by a porn cinema one day
Makes it rather confusing when communicating across borders
Are you aware of the subreddit we are in
Not for a Swedish person
Even though, I have actually heard that Aarhus is better in the law department
Are you trying to mock my nation
One of the reasons I haven't moved to Cph yet, I just know that despite my dialect being so minor (Djursbomål), people are still going to pick it up
Swedish is different but still easy enough to understand
In general, old buildings actually have better insulation than newer ones, due to the thicker walls and smaller windows
Appelsiiin (Appelsin - Orange)
Or, you could decided to live in another city than Copenhagen like Aarhus and pay half the rent you would in Copenhagen, or even Odense and Aalborg and pay even lower than half the rent
Most people probably don’t know but we had underclass people called ‘rakkere’. They were rejected from society, spoke their own langauge and made money by emptying toilets and removing carcasses in the night
"Sad and grey"
I’ve had a job ‘legally’ since the day i turned 13
Dialects of Danish too:
edit: And also because: Fuck German genders
Norway line are freight trains only
But essentially a politician can’t be fired
The pork flu in China has been great for Danish export
Usually, before Covid, you could just drive past the border without even realizing if it wasn't for the sign
Nice: køn
Here it's called De Skøre Riddere which means The Crazy (or Silly) Knights
The quck options is at around 3-5 hours total, excluding the tube-ride from Heathrow and not knowing the layover-time between the domestic and international flight.
But my point is that it's part of the design, and not because they can't dry their malts through other methods
what about Vatican
“Denmark is a socialist country”
I learned about the holocaust and the third reich's human right violations at an very early age (11) And I used to straight up hate the Germans for it
I have less of a problem with surveillance on the internet as you can take precautions to avoid it.
Here in Denmark we count cases of beer
Yup
I listened to Pavarotti's "Caruso" about a millione  times, when I worked in Italy, many moons ago
I'm curios, as I haven't seen the media mention it yet, how many innocents died from the airstrike
Your mileage may vary tho
While I do agree that they propably aren't to blame in this case, we did  have some pretty important trials some 70 and a few years ago, that dealt with the whole "just following orders" excuse
And the heart has nearly stopped
I pay transport (€50 monthly), fitness membership (€25 monthly) and other smaller payments
2: The simple Nordic cross flag countries.
With or Without You, a timeless classic
>Would immigrants fly the flags of their birth country
Especially Norway and Sweden gets credit for the vikings
I wish one day to be able to do it again
Thanks mate, but I used to weigh like 83 kg and I don't fit all my clothes anymore :(
I feel like all of Scandinavia dislikes Sweden
it has to be
**Thybomål:** Æ tri'bør
I am the third and I have forgotten all about it
Do people still support an alliance with us?
That or Faroese
[Official website of the project]
In Danish we mostly say “bøhlandet” which roughly translates to “boogieland”. Or you could say “Lars tynd skids mark” which weirdly means “Lars(common first name) diarrheas field”
They are, very
What a mess that could be
Early spring/summer mornings is my favorite
"New Delicacy"
From there you can climb to the summit in 15 to 20 minutes
Hope you enjoy it here, the weather forecast looks decent.
People who were responsible for this didn’t had to be Nazis, many weren’t.
Oh yeah I know it, that sounds so cool
My brother called me Rugge, which is a gibberish version of my name, and my mum also called me "lille frøken himmelblå", meaning "little miss sky-blue (eyes)"
Something weirder, is when a word suddenly 'loses meaning', where I cognitively am aware what it means but the word is just this random sounds and lettering
I know my nations law on dual citizenship because I looked them up before responding to you.
As another non-artist I completely agree, I still remember having to draw the Portuguese flag in school for a project on other countries and even that one is fucking hard to get even remotely decent looking when you have no artistic sense at all
What the hell
I went on an exchange which my parents paid for, but my parents would never even think to buy me an iphone because it's too expensive when you can get the same or better for less money
The Canadian oppressors will not succeed in conquering our beautiful island
Eh, I can say Deutschland just fine.
I'm 30 and that stopped way before I was born i public schools AFAIK
Kinda like the danish “overskueligt” which means easy to look over, as it’s easy to understand or do
It melts as soon as it hits the ground
All are belong to Russia aka Py$$j@
When Egon yelled at Børge and keld, what did I yell at them
We need to say "wild nature" to emphasise "nature not touched by humans".
Yeah I totally understood that.
Just come by the sea and go to [Køge]
But if you're not from the EU then it will cost money each semester
I quite like /r/europe as it is, but you have to admit that r/socialism is a circlejerk, it would be like me arguing that r/debatefascism or r/altright aren't complete circlejerks either.
Not Germany, because it did not exist ubtil 1871.
Also fun fact you have to renew them every 8 years paying 90% of the original cost every time
Think of it like the Hawaiian “Aloha”
The Danish EU politician Jens Rohde described opponents of the bills as "net communists". After concerned citizens started to write him emails, he classified them as "spam" and said he had been hacked
I'm 21, underweight, and live alone in Denmark on a (for Denmark) low-ish budget, and my image of avoiding meat or animal products is that it can be expensive and I'm afraid to end up malnourished and sick.
do you mean wienerbrød?
However, the further east I’ve been, the more negatively people react
I can't say
Noted
They also seem to own the rights to her work
Are you actually European
The stuff of dreams
Don't think that will be the reaction among eurosceptics, that and Brexit will only make them more confident that the union will fail.
Our minister got so drunk at a lunch with the Norwegians that he gave up many of the oil fields in the north sea and signed a permanent contract on it
I feel like all of Scandinavia dislikes Sweden
Many will likely point out that large parts of Europe, especially southern Europe, people will have android because it's cheaper
More of a state of mind, really
Depends on the job
Well sometimes overseas territories are inserted next to the rest of a country...
funny, Danish is the same, Million and Milliard
Cus they assumed Denmark would be allowed to make Slesvig part of Denmark, so when we weren't, they had to change it
Romania as we speak
What are 'regulators'? What is this political topic
[Lukas Graham - 7 years]
Contemporary times
"American conditions" is a political scare phrase used to describe a hypothetical situation where the liberals have gotten too much power and privatised and deregulated everything
Apple products are for kids and grandmothers
I could then choose to not travel for the sake of the environment, but really how many people can be expected to make that sacrifice
The time it took the bus to wait for the green light was the time it took for my hands to hurt like a motherfucker
Uh a fellow dane
I find that cooking and good food is pretty important in Denmark, and our national dishes really adds to our sense of Danish-ness
Depends
We like being honest with our kids about the meat going into their mouths, its pretty common for young school kids to visit a farm, its also very common for the Zoo's to do that, but us Danes turn it into an educational time for kids about the african plain animals food chain etc
None of the words are related to genitals
It's bad because you're insulting someone to their face.
Yes, we are saying that the EU not standing by to get Cameron out of the problems he created for himself has nothing to do with the result.
They had a lot of exemptions which they would not get back, so they probably don't want to return
Or 'Wienerbrot' I guess?) here.
I'm a Greenlander in Denmark, so ask anything about Greenlandic, if you want.
I, of course, get it from a practical level, but it was simply mind-boggling because of how ingrained it is as "rite of passage" outside CPH
Birthday, wedding, confirmation, graduation, national holidays, town fairs etc
At the harland & wolff, yes
We passed quite a lot of other people also out biking with tents and all
Been living in Finland for a year now, and I can seriously hear this picture
Ghetto problems
Not the same word though
Well i dont know if other nations teach this but my own teachers never actually went over the viking era, or that Denmark rulled a huge part of England at some point
Great stuff
Besides, unlike some of the big European countries,movies and books aren’t all translated to our native language, so we learn it through different media
I really wonder how they get these numbers because they seem to vary quite a bit from study to study.
I also feel like you guys remind me of the UK in terms of housing
Not really a part of the gang, but occasionally just follows along
Dude we had Norway for centuries, but those bloody Swedes took them away
> Finns are similar to Danes, who are similar to Germans, who are similar to Austrians, who are similar to Slovenians, who are similar to Croatians, who are similar to Serbians etc
We pull the trailer with a bog standard minivan with a 2
The most fascinating and Dutch thing to me is that they remembered to include the bicycle path next to the motorway
But because the EU has alienated so many Danish citizens, EU elections barely has 25% turnout.
In Danish we have a saying "if you don't like the smell in the bakery, go somewhere else".
- Viggo Mortensen
and not really good anyway
On particularly hot days we could hit 25, 26 or maybe even 27 degrees
A US-like situation where Europe is almost entirely culturally homogeneous
Out roads are in general quite old, but for some reason Peugeot has always been a popular brand in Denmark.
A lot of the meaning depends on your emphasis and intonation
I was loudly showing my displeasery on the way home from Istanbul one week after the coup, when they where showing a pro Erdogan video on the plane.
Iceland became a sovereign state in 1918 as the Kingdom of Iceland
Yes
Its not atractive to be so white you might as well be transparent
Victims of Socialism and fascism
Well, genetically, those dialects **are** Danish.
When asked about his climate policy, he blamed the muslims
DAE thread with no content, and made to apply to everyone
Meanwhile France is deeply involved in its former West African colonies militarily and monetarily
It sounds like it will be moved from the city to a museum where it will be put in a very different context than as a bust in honour of the man and his deeds
They also seem to own the rights to her work
It's funny, Norwegians go to Sweden, Swedes go to Denmark, Danes go to Germany, and Germans go to Poland, all in the pursuit of cheaper alcohol
Pretty sure its sarcasm, so you're kinda the cause of what you seek in /r/europe.
Maybe 2021
Why should they base their countries laws around me potentially wanting to move there?
In a few months:
guy from Portugal should be able to move here tomorrow and live on welfare?
In danish bank can mean a bank and to beat (somebody)
Edit: Also, can you guys start listing your sources on these maps
It just looks like the way his clothes are.
Time in the market matters more than timing
a centimer spared, is a cent earned
Is it deductible from your tax and do you still need to pay from your own pocket even with an insurance
He ;)
Since you're from Hamburg, a tip if you wanna try snus, is that you can actually buy it in basically any gas station in Denmark
of course, i don't want dirt and mud everywhere in my house - especially on my beautiful carpets
Let's start by sacrificing the politicians
propably Norway
The Greek plan was not presented as "sacrifice the Greeks".
Norwegian Mad Max would be a dull movie
Hulk :(
The 4th largest economy in the world can't deal with countries like Tunisia?
And because of this we know comparably a lot about US and UK and are thus able to consume and interested in higher quantities and qualities of nes from these countries
Yes, but what's the end-goal here
don't ask
Sommerfugl (Summer Bird) - Butterfly
What does this mean
No, I don't think I've ever heard anyone be asked to speak clearly either
Depends on the provider, there are three, TDC, telenor/telia and 3.
And the week before that
Not to mention that you guys had some pretty damn fierce resistance
Don't try and defend that barbaric shit
Very interesting&mdash;this reminds me of a similar pond known as Devils Hole located in Death Valley
Us too
Jeg har ret du tager fejl
Italien poltics, after Berlusconi I gave up
Armenia is neither geographically nor culturally in Europe
Does that mean we shouldn't care about it?
I can follow that as well
Do you own the corporate account that posted this
Unfortunately
-10 degrees and winter
The EU gives the voters in small countries more power than its population mandates.
Stayed for a night when I was walking the Camino
In danish its also snabel-a
Can we rename it Typhoid Mary
Depends on the teacher I think
Sorry, you're gonna have to figure out something else
Protokol by Jamaica
You would just need to contribute relative to your GNI
Lifting Russian sanctions and Russia will bounce back.
Nice
I don't much about Danish forestry . But the Ministry of Environment and Food of Denmark have a report (Danish) about the current state of our national forest program
Subs in english
Think of it like the Hawaiian “Aloha”
Tradition in the waiting for skijump
I cant watch it in my country :(
Fransk hotdog dressing
Fuck
I’ve heard it quite a bit, although the others are bigger and the kammerjunker one seems to be the biggest
We're one of the first targets that the Russian Navy would have to contend with if things got hot
But surely the Greeks have already felt enough consequence?
We celebrate it; doesn't make it a holiday
Agreed
Scotland can be northern Europe, the rest of the UK can't!
Some of the few examples of male costumes that don't look completely ridiculous.
currently we have the best integrated immigrants of anywhere in the world, and this culture of inclusion is just as strong and relevant as what you think of our history
Salmiakki should really be world wide.
I was going for the r/polandball vibe
Still
Why is Finland relevant
Where does Europe stop then
Close to one of which were nation states
Are they going to hold signs saying "Not my president"
Edit: This is so great
If we could just borrow ten of those Celsius I’m sure both of us would be a lot happier
I don't know what it is, but I think it's just a heavy accent that carries over
Nobody says *brorsan* anymore
Well, maybe a well-off, city-dwelling federalist from Finland is quite similar to a well-off, city-dwelling federalist from Portugal, but neither are representative of their nations' average people
What ? Are you a FBI agent or sth ? If you are, I’m telling you, you’re not a successful one lol :p
It's all mixed up in my family, we call farmor, farfar and morfar just that, but mormor we call bedstemor for some reason
:-/
Hiroshima
("The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress", Robert A. Heinlein, 1966)
We have people commiting crimes and violence because we wont let them go to Sweden which they absolutely need to go to.
Politics in Denmark as a whole are stupid and useless
Yes
Oh if they don’t pay for passage through Øresund they were shot down, that’s how you control traffic
The other one is us
In Denmark, accents are very split
is Glitterik Smørhår which means Glittery Butterhair - e.g "smooth as butter". Moody is called Skrækøje (Horror-eye) Dunder (old word for thunder)
Like making noise and partying in a vehicle when to celebrate that you’ve graduated is pretty expected - minus the vehicle, but party buses exist in multiple countries
I'd say a good 50% of the subs I subscribe to I can't relate to 90% of the posts
Which areas did I forget
Schloss is a castle, usually without fortifications, so more like a palace or chateau.
Yeah, we have "menneske" which is the same as "Mensch". It is used fairly often as well
The hardest hills to climb in the world.
People only really go to butchers if they're rich, old or if they need something special you can't get elsewhere
My account is from December, at least learn how to check if that’s  your tactic
When you take into consideration that this is not a judiciary with a clean record of non-interference from the state but in fact with a history of it, you begin leaning to one way more than the other.
As in months
Thanks for visiting
Pis, for fanden, satans, for helvede, fandens også, og sikkert flere jeg ikke lige kan komme i tanke om
Better than pissing on the buildings
* Austria: Arnold Schwarznegger and their stand against the Ottomans
No matter what, the danish being spoken now, won't be spoken in 200 years anyways
I seem to remember I was 5 when I learned it
Pronounciation
I've heard that before too, I even heard that some people were confused why a guy like Jan Heintze never played for the Dutch national team, because they never realised he wasn't Dutch
I'd like to see the source of that, because I see the Scandinavian countries like a bunch of brothers
It was more so Helsingør and Helsingborg from what I recall
In Denmark we begin at first grade, age 7
Varde, Denmark
Once the red bit starts, it looks decent since it has a curb
One of the nations who could be one of your biggest obstacles.
Stayed out of Denmark
It's like that thing in Sweden with the debate on which side".
Taxes have reduced for most people across the country, even for the poorest people
Nice to see "How *dare* you
I'm trying to figure out where
Victims of Stalinism and Hitlerism
There is actually a lot of slack in the Danish grid and blackouts are almost non existing.
You know the Baltic states are already members right?
” which means “may I pay
Why pick 2004
Actually agree with a swede for once, not too fond of the religiøs middle eastern origin
Last vacation I had in Scotland, my wife and I drove all the way from Inverness to Tongue and back the same day
I waited 5 years and I am royally fucked in comparison to when we first tried to see if I could get help
> it's gone from the workplace
90, halvfems: halvfemte + sinde + tyve - meaning 4½ times 20
So ofcourse we're romanticiseing it
They will jump through a lot of hoops to prevent calling an election.
000 public employee went on strike from March until June and even by the end, most Danes supported them doing so
That was then
Could you try and understand I'm not against sending 50 euro to EU
*"Let's decide that Schlesweig and Holstein are Danish instead of German"* said Denmark
Our family used to enjoy visiting England together on "vacation"
With free movement, it should be possible to get a deal where the UK can stay in the Single Market.
Always funny to me how much they clearly moved the goalposts on that one
Allegedly
I take a shower, once every morning, every day
How so
After losing Skåne we still had Norway, Iceland, Slesvig-Holsten and Greenland
[But we do refuse
So all of that, and the nordic languages are all very close
Also, us Nordics like our Christmas TV calendars
It will be interesting to see what happens next
Drinking bottled water is seen as bad for the environment and a waste of money
Women in very short skirts could also get unwanted attention/comments from MENA immigrants
It doesn't just go for people from Muslim countries although they're probably the majority of that group today, I've also experienced the same with East Asians for example
1 export) Mineral fuels including oil: US$76
We cant let people have their constitutional rights?
I believe that _class_, rather than nations, should be the prime identification of people
The point of yoga is spiritual transformation not exercise
It's not a mix between swedish and Danish
Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland to name some
I really miss the 1997 series it was a lot nicer than the damn bridges we have now.
But sure, Bernie was the true champion of the working class...
Its ugly, its tacky and theres no need to advertise for a brand that tou paid so much money for
And the circus people treats them well and makes sure people don’t get too close
It's flown on all holidays, on all memorial days, at sporting events, at jubilees, on birthdays, weddings, baptisms, confirmations, on Christmas Eve, etc
Roxette
38 -> 9 is a pretty big loss for PvdA.
Friends are generally those people you like to hang out with because you have a lot in common, enjoy the same things and so on, so if someone is completely different, it's no wonder that friendships don't really work
Eller "Jeg vil gerne bede om rødgrød" eller "Vil du være venlig at give mig rødgrød", men der er ikke én vending eller ét ord, der dækker please
The UN only has that if it has the support of almost all member states, which it obviously won't have in a matter like this.
Later this got too much since we had stopped being a heavy farming country and so they made "Store Bededag" (Grand Prayers Day) which is essentially a mix of all the many holidays we had in April, May and early June
There was even a movie about it
Denmark is not yet multi cultural like the French, but it is getting more mixed and that seems to reflect in the Miss Denmark competition.
Or it well, speeds up the process, so you get through it faster
Or Roma for that matter
At the last election 14 parties were on the ballot, of which 10 was elected
That is an atrocity
In Harghita, Covasna and Mures maybe,but outside those counties you will be hardpressed to find anyone, who isn't of Hungarian or mixed heritage, that knows more Hungarian than igen, pálinka and egeszsegedre
*Ghost in the Shell music plays in the background*
000 words and Swedes have 600
I think a lot of people in Copenhagen has a decent grasp of Swedish since Malmö and Cph are super interconnected
Red and white
No offense, but I’m sure they woudl agree
How am I being ideologically fanatical?
But in a way I don’t regret it
But last summer I took it on foot on the way back, and it was only something like 35 kroner
I love the fact that “alcohol dealers” exist
They are only obliged to remove infringing content when a rights holder asks them to do so
That's racist
Our 600 years of slow but steady decline in relevance has left us tougher than the toughest - we can take it
I'm not, I just don't think their agenda is universal
There are so many places where money could be better spent than on high-speed rail
People still like many things about America, we all watch your movies and your tv series, listen to your music, read your litterature, play your games, and buy your blue jeans
> Žižkov: The Republic of Žižkov", a bit rough, formerly proletarian (and proud of it) quarter, best pubs, but you have to dance between piles of dog shit to reach them
[Red pandas] are so much cooler, and cuter, than those stupid black and white pandas
In Denmark, they’re your kæreste, no matter yours or your partner’s gender expression
Good ol' Middelfart
Yes, for EU citizens there are a few more rules, like you have to work 10-12 hours a week
Yes, they'll deliver more less, than them who earns a little bit less, and delivers less, but then delivers less less
I have a similar problem with "current is the flow of electrons" and I still have to mentally pause and correct myself
That's mostly fair really, I wouldn't really call the "no-go-zone" thing semantics though because the use of it strongly reinforces the idea that the problem is worse than it is.
I was once friends with a German woman, some years older than me, that told in tears about how scared she'd be, as a girl, that the police would snatch her dad up whenever he wasn't home on time
What's with Sweden and Denmark??
Though, this is a really boring example to showcase how Danish differs from English
Have you heard of judges and juries?
The climate is perfect for me and i like to live near the sea
There's hardly any traffic at all on that road, those cars are just for the people that live there
Men hvis det bliver brugt i samme ånd som putain, scheisse eller fuck, så tror jeg helt klart "pis" og "fuck" er meget mere populære blandt danskere
It's more an issue among women but also men, and not only younger people though more so
and expensive
Nice to know
Play as Liviu Dragnea as he raises in rank from lowly pesedist henchman to PSD leader
What kind of a treatment do you get?
And I dont get the arguement, since you are already being forced to pay for things no one wants, so why not add more things to that list.
Just because Margrethe is the queen, it doesn’t mean she can’t smoke whilst drinking a juice box and eat some bread
Rarely in a city center or countryside
"Agurk" is Danish for cucumber, but when you put it together with "tid" (time), a random 'e' just jumps in and wants to join
If Norway doesn't stop with your massive fund, no country will
Or you can take the boat to the base camp located on an altitude of 21 meters
It has around the same share as non biodegradable waste in electricity production
If it fits it sits
And in Denmark
Edit: Bonfire
It's also pretty normal for some families to go to theme parks or water parks in other countries for a weekend or a small get-a-away
I wish old people didn't get to vote for something that wont affect them
I remember we watched these videos of people reading the same story but in different dialects - like Copenhagens, Thybomål, Alsisk, and Sønderjydsk
I'm not representitive for my country in this particular scenario though, I'm way cooler and more right
Watch all 14 Olsen Banden movies
I only remember this one
That's a strange way to spell UNQUESTIONABLY AND UNDENIABLY IMPROVE BY SEVERAL ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE but whatever, it's cool, I understood what you meant
So yeah, I think so
We know of several kings before his real life counterpart King Sigurd/Sigfred
So there's a bigger chance that it could get smashed
You could easily pass a law like that in Denmark and noone would bat an eye because if you don't have a union agreement you don't have employees either
Women's PJ bottoms don't have them at all, and they're basically the same garment
That's Sjælland, which we in Jylland usually say is a part of Sweden
We have some woods where you can be alone if you are lucky, but being a small country, it would be hard to live as a total hermits
Because they're not shown as morally infallible, it makes sense that they'd follow the views of the times
Any beer that is just mildly aromatic benefits greatly from [a glass like this] or [this] from the two very non-foreign breweries, De Dolle Brouwers and the legendary Rodenbach
The words can't even be translated like that tho
Maybe it's just my sample size, but the people I've talked to here in the Netherlands, didn't even know we were in Iraq and Afghanistan.
We would understand most of it, but not speak it ourselves
What happens if they win them
You don't think it has peaked?, or will somehow correlate with immigration politics implemented Europe wide?
I had the Mondeo for a week or two, then swapped it for a Vauxhall Vectra which actually felt like a major upgrade.
That is not too bad, but it's funny
It was also changed in 1855 after the three year war
We need more trolls on /r/askeurope this is hilarious.
If experts pretty much agree that it'd be a bad idea to leave EU, it seems obvious that BBC should inform the population of that.
Our toilet water is so clean that you can drink it
To me, I like that most things are close.
We also have Bidets,  which are not toilets either
Vote for such stupid shit that people don't even *want* to be part of Europe
No, no, you have to drink them
You guys are just crazy
Which, I guess, comes kinda naturally
those were the most popular from that time that people still love today:)
It doesn't hurt some sort of sense of national pride in me.
But I couldn't stop connecting it to the obesity for sure
There's not a word for it
Rarely in a city center or countryside
The other side was also Denmark back then, and the cannons can shoot about half way across, which is why theres a similar (albeit way less impressive) fort on the other side
So in essence it was much easier getting religious members of Parliament to agree to the state allowing it, than it was to get them to agree that the Bible and Christianity is changing.
It varies from post to post, but I see more people expressing dislike of Trump and a general like of the American people, and compassion with what they're going through than I see people making really inappropriate (and more importantly mean spirited) jokes about how many Americans have died
The first of may is a holiday in most social-democratic, SF or Ø municipalities, but no it doesn’t transfer
For what does relevance matter if Germany does not belong to the German people?
I remember it being much more unintelligible than this:
Like, a visible line between the regions
Perhaps not in individual classrooms, but most schools have flags
“Hygge” ofc just noce cozy warm family stuff like that
Sure, but that doesn't really change the numbers
"vi skriver bare på engelsk, medmindre det er på landesubs'ne/landenes subs
I like Norway ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
In denmark we have that too with the “normal” rules
We do have a lot of jokes about each other
You maybe have us Danes beat on education and apparently LGBT rights but we school you in every other category!
I did however try an amazing burger in hipster burger joint
He says that visiting his family in Boznia & Herzegovina makes it a lot better, but he doesn't really feel at home here in Denmark
I've never said anything about banning a religion.
Back in second grade or so, a substitute teacher insisted that when X > Y, it actually means Y is bigger
Same as the Dutch, give or take.
I live in Aalborg and saying Aalborg is a success that other cities could learn from is both true and a joke.
If a relative is dying in a hospital bed you might also say it suppose, and it wouldn't really be weird but that's obviously also a *very* serious situation and you may never see the person again
Interestingly burning is the only respectful way to dispose of the Danish flag according to our traditions.
That's not really a new phenomenon.
We are talking about net contributing, so Finland and Ireland don't nessiarily need to send more money to EU - just receive less - and EU would have more money to redistribute elsewhere
Certainly, a lot of our vocals are pronounced exactly the same
We just got KFC, suck it Norway
I'm Danish though, and work with languages as my job while I study Scandinavistics at university, plus I had 8 years of German in School
Though I think that's because they already automatically switch from the dialects, without being asked
In certain areas of Copenhagen and suburbs for example.
But Legoland
I stayed after finishing university
That's not what they are being blamed for in the article.
Roskilde
But it was always everyone’s favorite subject, because sometimes you had a cool teacher and made cake
We have hjemkundsskab too
At the same time you have to ask how you could ever trust any of the lying sons of bitches
That must be acceptable to all parties.
My SO was actually talking (like 2 weeks ago) about wanting to see Ireland
This is for me, my GF, her kid at 12 and my kid, who's 5 - but my kid is only here every 2nd week
I'd say in Denmark it depends on the city
Absolute classic
For sure, this is so haphazardly photoshopped together, for all we know *no one* has ever made this abomination
I clearly remember it had stories about Odin trying to cheat Freja into sleeping with him, people getting killed and torn apart, all the stuff the original myths had
I've often met tourists who come to either Copenhagen, Århus or Odense, and expect to use one of those cities as a "base of operations" in order to see the whole country(Barred Bornholm, because it's as remote as it is)
More recently, but not quite as big, I would also say Lucas Graham - 7 Years
Cattle of Europe: Piebald Danish dairy breed
Results from former surveys:
I also saw this [sketch] apparently the entire joke of it is that it sounds like Danish
English: I only understand train station
When they reach 50 euro, then we can sit down and talk about if it's enough or if it would make sense raising the limit it to 60 euro
I really like the commen market and Schengen, but I actively oppose a federated Europe.
What is a mammoth when you can get Christmas Pikachu?
Beacuse in Danish its stuff til "dogfaces and socialdemocrats"
They have little repressions regarding sex + they love scandinavian guys
We’re much better when it comes to the housing market than most places
I love the Spanish cousine, but callos was for me the only disgusting experience in Spain
Hulepindsvin (Cave Stick Swine) - Porcupine
You can only order variations on galettes or crepes
But now I got hot choco so I can forget about it until tomorrow :3
They were active for about a year until one agent got caught and tortured by the germans and he revealed the entire group who was subsequently arrested, tried and executed
Joking about feminists is a cheap shot because "everyone knows" we're "crazy". Stunts like vagina yoghurt really don't help
I would like to contest that a case is happening almost every day
I personally hate English with a Danish accent
It does have a big steel company, but the financial sector accounts for maybe +90% of the economy
He works in marketing
Parents usually put a baby monitor in the pram in case they cry
I believe they're called "De grønne pigespejdere", and it seems (with some quick googling) like they still have ~120 groups
The town I live in used to burn a bunch of (what they deemed to be) witches back in the middle ages
That one guy that made some of most popular stories
Do we understand it in a Marxist fashion as a socialist mode of production, meaning a post-capitalist society
Oh wow, I think I read this headline last week as well
\[...\] Partly this myth harmonizes with the image Christian himself tried to create after he was dethroned \[...\] the name "the good" is not anything he was ever called".
Whatever you say or do, you can’t change the fact that Armenia is in Asia just like Anatolia lol
No it's about not concealing identity, something typically done by criminals.
Like writing sjalu instead of jaloux
I don't understand how that works
Now I don't want to go all eugenics on this, but I do wonder what that'll mean 2000-3000 years in the future.
I actually choose the word empire based on the fact there was a proclaimed emperor, even though the title did not align In power with the title of emperor in the previous Roman empire
Fucking Swedes, always ruining everything
yeah you often find deer (and hares) near houses (think summerhouses) far from cities
people can enter and exit from any door they want (having a ticket is their own responsibility, the driver doesn't sell them - they gotta use an app or the machine next to the middle door)
Thanks
I kind of agree that we should leave the ECHR.
> That being said I'm all for EVs regardless of where the energy comes from right now
I thought you meant it as something to be enforced, but you meant it as something that would be optimal
Google maps is very optimistic in general with how fast you can go, especially in big cities.
Not according to any internationally recognized treaty, anway, which is kind of the only thing we have that reasonably codifies what is and isn't an act of war
The English word for paté is paté. It's a type of meat paste
But when after the failed attempts to subdue the Germanic tribes more permanent forts were created to store garrisons
Or will Nutella sell the consumer Austrian Nutella?
We do that too
That's like the whole point
It's true that refugees are "placed" in different municipalities
It's your government I have a beef with.
The emotional part of me doesn't really disagree, as he was clearly not an upstanding citizen
> It's just a lame excuse for your government to get around current treaties
I guess a lot of people believe that monarchies works like in Disney or Game of Thrones
Vaskebjørn (Washing Bear) - Raccoon
The thing with genetics is that traits can get empathized more than others.
That sure sounds like something a Swede would do
Yeah
That's pretty cool to hear
I just realised this saying rhymes in swedish
There's no "Tom Cruise" on my search at all
I wonder what it will take for them to go back to the Viking days
> ...so every conclusion that involves race, is automatically wrong
that's not how things work
Por supuesto, mi amigo
You’re right
And warm milk fucking sucks
These kids might come from well-off families, but that doesn't mean their parents think buying a phone for them is worth the same as paying into their education
He certainly wouldn't have made the problem worse.
Everybody knows, and knew, that Norway was an independent kingdom in the past, besides which, as I said, Norway under Denmark *was its own country*, just not a sovereign one
It reproduces and in its modern use finds root in the liberal concept of nationalism
How is Siberia, I would really like to go one day.
Relatable
You're being a dick, and all the whataboutism in the world is not going to make that ok, so please just stop it
In Denmark, while we share the names as the OP and the etymological origins, we now normally have a hot meal in the evening, while lunch is usually cold, traditionally openfaced ryebread sandwiches.
I was reading an article somewhere in the Australian press that was saying that Tasmania should change their government model and adopt the Nordic Model as it would change a backward area of Australia into a more successful state...
This is a fact
I don't.
The electors respected the outcome from their state, meaning they didn't actually make a difference.
But that issue was pretty clear from the beginning of the whole Brexit mess.
He expelled some people who allegedly used their positions to collect information.
Eh, there are stupid people in every country.
The most famous one took orphans in and was paid by the government to take care of them, but killed a lot of them and kept collecting the money
Those are a recipe for disaster
Over here driver will get ticketed if the passengers aren't wearing seat belts
You heard one Nazi joke you've heard them all.
Honestly it's a lot better than when we had Postdanmark
I fucking love snails
The dialect that people from near the German border, in Southern Jutland, speak, is nearly incomprehensible
Denmark has the world's oldest monarchy
Sparkling water seems so common in Germany, and of course you have Apfelschorle
They are the big critics, Southern Europe is certainly not happy with the austerity either and us in the north feels that they are to dominant.
Then you would experience (weak word), first world war, civil war (were Ukraine was especially intense and complex), de-kulakization, hunger, Stalins repressions, second world war (including among many things holocaust by bullets, interethnic conflict and a multitude of partisan movements), hunger (again), the thaw under Khruschev and relative economic progress under Khruschev and Brezhnev
But our national governments share much of the blame for that.
The 4th is remembering the soliders who fell, the 5th is the actual liberation day
I tried drawing Wales' flag once
Or has the "right **Swedish** way" taken a literal right swing?
Russia gets Crimea, Ukraine gets Donetsk, there is an awkward handshake.
And, you know, even if Denmark would have fallen eventually, just being able to hold out for a couple of weeks or even just some days would have bought the Norwegian Army and the Royal Navy time to mobilize, making an invasion of Norway impossible
Jk, we love you, Suomi
Gimme a break
The way you phrase the second one makes it sound like Brussels airport is the biggest airport that sells chocolate, as in there are larger airports in the world but none of them sell chocolate
It is cheeper the buy hydro and nuclear than producing it with gas or coal
What kills me is that, honestly, it's the rational thing to do in that situation, right
>Basically, the argument that immigrants are forced to give up their children to learn Danish values, religious holidays, language, and tradition, that isn't required for children who don't live in low income neighborhoods
I agree with Bornholm
Have a nice day
It really isn't. Absolute statements made about the incredibly complex nature of the world rarely is
The index gauges global peace using three broad themes: **the level of safety and security in society**, the extent of domestic and international conflict, and the degree of militarization.
were written before mass migrations were even an issue worth considering.
English is taught in all schools from 1
Det er mere sådan at det føles når man hører dem snakke
Is everything pretty OK
But it is in our constitution, which is very hard to change.
I'm 19, my mom doesn't care one bit if i bring a girl over as long as i don't wake her up
Probably an older house that used to be further inland.
It was a big no no for swedish people to cross “østersøen” if it was frozen, danes had the right to beat them with a stick
I mean,  tbf, that would probably happen whatever the case
Especially because if I didn't, people would repeat what I was saying back at me in "my accent" and laugh
I doubt that holds 100%, but there is some truth in it
Just checking in from Denmark so all of you can praise us
Also, yeah, I see the irony of this being unsupported claims, but I am too busy to back this up at the moment
USA and its expensive net has been mentioned in the comments.
It ended up as deluded ID instead.
It's scary how many of these records are from year 2000 and after
That goes for both the Danish and the German side of the border.
Glædelig jul mods og allesammen ^_^
Since then society has gotten more prude and young people today are probably about as prude and insecure about displaying their bodies publicly as in other places
More common with people who have stronger dialects, especially around the island of Fyn and some parts of Jylland
.o/
In Danish there are three ekstra letters: Æ, Ø, Å, each with destinct sounds, which we use I many words but we don't really ever use the letters, it can be confusing
Yeah, funny how we are making fun of Americans and their anti-maskers
I've only encountered one door in Denmark that locked automatically, and that was when I lived in a very shady dorm just outside of Copenhagen
Booked ticket to Ecuador with transit in JFK.
However you have to hold a majority of the vote and therefore you have to get along with other parties to create a proper government
Everybody knows the main reason Copenhagen is hard to get into is that it's the capital and nothing else
A few decades ago it was [*much* worse]
That makes 0 logical sense
The Netherlands is still the best by far.
can someone explain what that sub is about
thank you my friend
Good
It feels a bit unempathic to write this, but I honestly feel sadder about this than when a celebrity I like dies
thank you, needed that, better log of Reddit and go then
You also have Oostvaardersplassen, which is a really important and interesting area
The EU won't stop authoritarianism from returning, but it's a pretty good safe guard against it.
I didn’t pick Mandarin because, while there are more people speaking it, it is limited to few countries other than China
We Danes do not like Sweden though
You can't blame yourself for what others from your country do or say.
Got punched in the face by a British guy in southern Spain
We will never agree
Is this from outside of the court
And then to some extent the UK as a whole just seems a bit lost in the past where it was a great power and an empire that could dictate world affairs
Hell would break loose
Personally I was 19
Denmark doesn’t issue an official ID card that you can use internationally, however the counties/communes issue an ID card that can be used for purchase of alcohol or other stuff
As well as Helsingør-Helsingborg I guess
Difficult to separate than from culture now since is probably evolved centuries ago
I've even chosen to install english language on my computers windows, just because it's easier to solve problems and follow a little step by step guide etc, without having to translate as i go
If you've got no passport or driver's license you can apply to get something that's halfway it
On Fridays, people get together and have a couple of beers or a gin & tonic after hours
> Like where is that
Some British photographer snuck himself into taking a pic if I recall corrrectly
He had never actually found an IED, in a long time serving in this role - so his brain just goes "It's not really a threat
But those episodes are not very common (and really, no worse than the gang activity you'd find in any major US city every week).
ATM's and banks with actual money are getting closed down everywhere here
Oh no
\*sigh* it's been more than 20 years since I was in St
This is because competition lowers prices.
There is said to be a lake in Sweden shaped like the Danish island of Sjælland (where Copenhagen is located)
This is why you can't into Nordic.
Not really a good reason just nostalgia
Sweden and greenland
Too small and homogenous
Fårup and Djurs Sommerland are both pretty good
Oppressed: undertrykt
But please, do keep on giving us money though
Only Time is a classic, and gets revived periodically (recently by Vam Damme in the Volvo commercial)
Smart, giving himself job security
Rome is why Etruscan doesn't exist anymore, why Roman is the only remaining Italic language
(now we pay ~$0
If the US alienates all it's allies, believe me, it will.
Well there is Gasolin who every dane loves, there is shubidua and there's Kim Larsens solo project
An asylum seeker gets about 300 euros per month in France.
* Has your view of Denmark changed during the Corona virus crisis
USA is our most important foreign ally.
My gymnasium has a tradition of throwing first yearers down a huge hill
Red pandas deserve to be the symbol of the panda name
Well all of that is true, which doesn't change the fact that things are slowly getting out of hand
A Slavic language with Romance influence, as well as some German and Hungarian
HVOR ER SVENSKEN
If I cared what street you grew up on I'd ask
Lockhart f.ex
And that's just a rough idea of it.
* Knepholt (Knep means to fuck, holt sounds like "Halt
Same for æ ø å in Norwegian and Danish;
People who will have any sort of interest in targeting tourists (if it's with sales, restaurants or pick pockets) will be able to tell you apart from native anyway.
Nik og Jay - [En Dag Tilbage]
Our largest bill, the 1000 kr
Denmark was late to the industrial boom after world war 2.
that's just disgusting
&#x200B;
Elk is British for Elg
, "I haven't heard of anything recent that would change my view on country1 one way or the other".
Half of Denmarks exports to the US is pharmaceuticals, specifically diabetes medicine.
" (scroll to  page 7 for the English   translation
When you turn up at a customer with 30+ years of legacy code you risk seeing things that is baaaad
Edit: BTW I 100% agree with you on everything else, the first thing I thought of was the fresh wind
I'm sure they are able to produce cans with other languages than Danish printed on them
But it's not uncommon among the older generation to have øl and a snaps (øl med sidevogn) for lunch or after work at a pub
Dining out is expensive and not something most people can afford on a regular (multiple times a week) basis
of course we've got your back
That's what humans do
Liberals in Europe is different from liberals in USA too.
I can barely even recall a handful of people throughout my life that didn't have a middle name
It is both Denmark's birthmark, as well as the story as to why Bluetooth is called Bluetooth (the connection via the internet)
So Chad is basically an uncharted location...
Of course, since I agree with pretty much everything they are saying, it may sound differently to the "radical anti-gunners" you mention.
WTF is Belgium is a better question.
That reminds me of a bit from a Lee Mack comedy show, where he says that the French didn't want the Olympics to be held in London because "their food is shit".
Sorry for the long sentences, Danes don't really write in anything shorter than two line sentences
Whenever they go on a donation drive I kinda think about how damn much I actually use Wikipedia, and throw them a few bucks
You guys in Russia don't do it that way, I know.
Tyskland - Germany
I don't even understand this system, you know nothing about the person, based on what do you say yes or no
When you slow down on a bike in Denmark it is customary to raise your hand besides your head to show bikers behind that you are slowing down
That forum is a goldmine hahaha
Fortunately, the dialect is one that the native speakers don't really pull out except among themselves
You won't get rich but you will get by
I think you might be in the wrong subreddit.
That was further back in the past and doesn't have the same impact
Tuborg is the company behind our J-Dag here, we call it Tuborg Julebryg, which is Tuborg Christmas Brew when translated
Many speak or understand Swedish and Norwegian quite well (or not at all according to complainers)
Similarly the the migrations from Norway to Finland and from Finland to Norway seem to cancel out, and therefore the map shows no net flow.
Lol Yeah Christmas instilling important values like, eating too much and buying shit.
Years later, and this is the really embarrassing part, I even said something to the likes of "so when the plate moves away from the hot spot, then the new underwater "rock" will disappear and it will become an island" - and I did this in a bachelors class in geophysics
(sinde is old Danish for times, tyve is twenty)
AFAICS 90% of the Turkeys population are ethnic Turks
I don't think I quite follow what you're asking.
I've never heard of this one
The Netherlands are Bike-and-silly-language Bros
Yes, your country has plenty of opportunities for you.
Thank fucking god, that short-fingered fucktard is out of world politics
And then there's one dialect
I think the difference is that a Jeep is seen as a more specialized outdoor vehicle that you can't really use for an "everyday car" compared to a Land Rover.
Same in Denmark, except it would maybe be a couple of Euros cheaper, but only a couple
The conclusion was irrelevant as different countries have different political systems.
Destroying the "old" to create something more modern.
Oh for fucks sake
Taking the bike anywhere is a nightmare and I'm sure my fingers will fall off on my way home
It's just an unspoken rule that if the door is closed, knock
I have to say, i reject catagorizing DF as populist.
Bitters are somewhat popular at some bars too.
" really doesn't cut it
It’s an 80s thing, but somehow the jokes stuck
I like both, but mostly prefer a good filter (Chemex) coffee to an espresso.
But it's muh freedom, you can't expect a doctor to help you if you are in need
Not the first time foreigners possibly have planned terrorist actions in Denmark and the Danish intelligence service is unaware.
Men will often comment on how they find girls from the rural areas "cute" and how we are "so innocent and straight-forward", which I guess is not the worst stereotype to have thrust upon you, but it does get grating
[Harvard has a research centre dedicated to the effects firearms has on society
The contradictory opposition towards nudity, like, y'all have sex scenes in every fucking tv show, film and whatnot, but a toddler being naked, or just nudity in general, god forbid that
C) Then at most 6 months after the proposed change is voted for a public vote is held, where 40% must participate and a majority agree to change the constitution
could take a while though
If your system forces its citizens to give up all ideas of money, social classes, and private ownership, then how is that not totalitarian
They were somewhat of a menace and can be compared to the Trade Federation in Star Wars
Isn't there also a group of countries including scandinavia and a few countries to the right of sweden
It's close to the inlet where Vikings would sail up to Trelleborg
Time machine
They’re eaten in a soup of hen broth, meatballs, carrots, leek and parsnips
A Slavic language with Romance influence, as well as some German and Hungarian
Yeah, the danish system and public very much depends on the unions being strong
Record for the most wars fought between Two countries: Denmark and Sweden
A sign came up - with the winner and the big letters AUS - and he proclaimed gold for Austria
We are aware of the dangers, and most are aware of many of the benefits of EU.
Worst thing about the danish one was that it copied the last 30 seconds from the Dutch one, almost word for word...
We basically learned that we had the west indies but I clearly remember it describe like we were "the good guys" and it was more a "cooperation", and then our "great king" made slavery illegal as the first country in the world
Almost all mink fur is bought by Chinese consumers
It's excellent
That's a city in Russia
Does making arrest during a riot sparked by arrests sound like a sound and safe thing to do?
>Hitler was German
Kan bekræfte, russere er virkeligt flinke når først man er kommet ind på livet af dem.
Everytime I am back in Denmark I struggle to find an operator that offers decent mobile data plans, unless things have changed in the last 18 months since I have been home...
Its known as the most racist part
However the idea of the electoral college and many of the limitations that exist(ed) in the voting process do in some part come from that early liberal point of view that the poor were too stupid, greedy or corrupt to be able to effectively govern or have a say in said governing
What Russia wants doesn't matter.
What do you call them in norwegian
But i think France ramped up their military activity after the first big attack.
So, is everything in your original story false
I personally think the current convention causes some things that it didn't intend to when it was written.
You’re welcome
Shame, I was hoping this thread would be about fun and distinctive school traditions in general (we have a few of those), but it seems like the thread is really more for the following:
There are simply too many bikes here trying to get to their destination to be able to do that
Except for Denmark :(
Had they been taken by coercion or plundered, you would have a case, but they were not
Just like celebrating Christmas despite being the most ardent atheist oneself still reproduces religious aspects
What did you expect from pro EU propaganda disguised as a news site.
My dad said “she shouldn’t grab her like that” and a few other such criticism, until she said “sorry, she’s quite a handful” in perfect Danish
Can’t pull a man off his high tractor though
We haven't ever translated an English city into Danish as far as I know
Just remember, the Angels in Angel-Saxon was a tribe that lived in what is now Slesvig/Sønderjylland.
Never noticed this at all
We don't go around measuring people's height at random, so you'd only have accurate measurements of the few people who joined some sort of odd job or whatever where height was relevant.
And we borrowed as indiscriminately from German for almost a thousand years
Oh for fucks sake
The first domestic claim to "all of Denmark (and Norway)", is the Greater Jellinge Rune-stone, which is from the late 10th century, probably around 950-970
Yeah - I was applauding the german common sense ;-) Now at least
The only time i personally wear clothes with logos on is when i exercise
And you don't think it would collide with the fiscal compact?
) use a "traffic light" system that determines how often you need a checkup
Most people who live somewhat close to the German border regularly goes to Germany to shop because everything is cheaper there
That might not sound that expensive compared to American private schools, but when you then look at the fact the average tax percentage per person in Denmark is 46%, you'll understand it's pretty expensive and prestigious
I can't speak highly enough of bands like düreforsög, LLNN, Wuthering Heights, Artillery and ORM as well
A lot of Americans though
You think you get off easy, but most Danes don’t even know how bad Denmark was
Computer Engineers get a pretty good salary over there i believe, so i’d be fine, unlike a lot of other people who were born into the crappy system there
Christian/Kristian
I think the Swedish left party as well as your social democrats have had a much bigger base and involvement from the rural areas from the start, whereas the Danish left wing parties have been more dominated by students, academics and workers from the few big industries that were centralised in the biggest cities
There are many [memes] about the best brand of koldskål, as well as whether you crush your kammerjunker or leave them in whole
i havn't even watched the classic disney cartoon
It is getting more Common
I mean that makes sense
Apparently the window has been closed three times in total since the building was made, and every time the building has caught on fire and caused a lot of damage in the area by the fire spreading
Holy shit that's amazing
I've never heard about it used in Denmark
She just got 2 million new friends.
It was such a clichéd and predictable mess
We have a few private hospitals which can do simple operations, so you can buy private insurance enabling you to get faster back for work
I really want to go there again
Where a large federal government can for example say how each state should run their healthcare and how schools should be run and so on.
Hva' siger hun, hende der
It's a fantastic show, definitely
I don't experience this in Denmark
We've already seen "fake news" becoming a bit of a conversation-ender though so I'd be worried about who decides if it's actually fake news they're deleting or just inconvenient news.
I think it has something to do with the dark architecture, dark monotone rows of houses
"Peter kan ikke **nå** æblet i træet".
While I guess the likelihood of an American having ever heard of them is low, Dúné definitely toured a bunch in Europe and Japan: [80 Years]
In my city, all the city busses have 3 sets of doors
But at least they can now use the yard, not having it banned by some evil bureaucrats in Brussels, whose only purpose is to find ways to destroy Britain, while siphoning on endless tax money which should have gone to the NHS.
That makes guns almost 100 times more deadly than knives
Maybe they are the exception though, I don’t know
I get 2,5k euroes in Denmark doing nothing
Toscana dromedar - Jacob Taarnhøj
We have crazy popular support for it, something like 80+%.
Even this year no country is above 200 euro
Why would you make threats to a Young girl and her fam, just because she is trying to shed light on a very very pressing matter
But now it's really good
We do
Estland - Estonia
I don't know how bad it is in the Netherlands, but here it doesn't happen *too* often.
I still like the din le names better
Admiral Horatio Nelson is known for his large naval victories in most of the world, however, in Denmark he is known for [the bombardment of Copenhagen,]  which is considered the first terror bombardment
I know
Germans apparently loves to use lots of physical pieces of paper for some reason
No Greenland and Canada is disputing.
It was only when modernising, centralising states began forcing the Jews to register their religion as an isolated thing on censuses that the idea of a dichotomy between Jewish ethnicity and religion arose
I guess I was the only danish spectator
If Denmark had been a euro member and wanted to leave we would have gained an extra debt equivalent to something like 10 great belt bridges
" this policy has been   endorsed   by several other organizations:
I don't think any Greenlander will ever feel European, with the treatment we get here in Denmark.
In general, though, it's not a strong accent - Rigsdansk with noticeable traces of something else, but not noticeable enough to pin-point what it is
You'd assume it would be 'Lei-cester' and not 'Lester'.
Children are our future unless we stop them here and now.
The_donald exists because of the extreme bias of reddit and needing somewhere to be able to talk without getting plastered with NAZIS or FASCIST bullshit
The gender neutral aspect is quite fun, too
I don't feel strongly about Belgians in either direction, but I can't see how anyone can like Swedes.
If you're in a classic Danish bar, don't ring the bar bell (it's really a ship bell) at the bar itself unless you're willing to pay a lot
That sentiment seemed to resonate amongst the other western European exchanges, no matter if they were in secondary or not
So while it's not particularly beautiful it's so "neutral" that no one really voted for it as the ugliest one either
They are tricksy bitches
I don't even want to imagine what its like in 50-100 years if nothing is done about this
I don’t know, call me old fashioned but I think there’s a good point in everyone (or potentially everyone) participating in the defense of the country for a while
Sausages
Thanks to the scottish vote
A cashier at a supermarket can earn 3
I honestly have absolutely no idea what tourists eat in Denmark
It happens, but the people who do are the outliers
The US military struck Iranian military personnel
The eternal problem of politics
I think EU will help with the metro connection Copenhagen-Malmø and the Femern Belt connection, but I don't know the largest infrastructure project EU should build
Every citizen can get 750€ a month while studying, if that's not enough there's student loans and work.
You also have Pontic and Cappadocian Greek if you consider them separate languages.
[Looks like something straight out of the eastern bloc
dane here
It's interesting how different the ages are, I am from Denmark and when I moved out at the age of 21, I was already getting reactions from people about being kind of a loser for living at home at that age
Roughly two fifths of a euro
Today mostly because there almost always will be someone not speaking Danish involved at some point
If a large truck comes you have to pull really far over into the grass / dirt
The actual debate should be on what the best alternatives to fossil fuels are, a catagory where there's significantly more options than just nuclear as Reddit would like us to believe
Do you people who write this, look at what countries have implemented more liberal markets and the ones that haven't?
It might sound ugly, but [atleast it makes sense.]
Train or car inside the country, unless you live in Aalborg and often commutes to Copenhagen then a plane ticket might be the better option (depending on time and money spent)
Religion, or lack thereof, is seen as a private matter for the most part
And here it is sitting around the table and having a big meal everynight
It's just as good an example as any else
Fuck, now I want GTA: Great Nordic Biker War
"Who's there
“Suck it up” doesn’t cut it
A nice little tradition
Not much within our borders but on a sidenote Finland does exist
The part where your argument breaks down is judging that their ethnic, cultural or religious background makes them dangerous and fully defines their individual belief and value system.
[Chuck Bass Fish & Chips]
Superstition breeds superstition
The number for Algeria is about 2%.
You're usually either allowed to bring all your notes and references to tests and examns, or you're not allowed to bring anything other than writing tools
USA
No lets make it about principles.
He didn't forget
I think you presume too much
no there are two types of buns with small brown bits in denmark: raisin buns and chocolate buns
Except Danes, who like to think that we are number one there
Volbeat has definitely had some international succes as well: [For evigt]
In what way did you interpret my comment as I was talking to a dictator?
It is on the border with both Poland the Chezck Republic though.
Danish is the same as german
Then, isn't it a stretch to include Theresa May?
The second was a German professor who became mad
So I am behind on stuff like that
That's true - don't think I've ever caught people looking, nor ever looked myself
Danish politics since 2014 have become Eastern European Populism tier sadly
Well, apparently some do, given the furore recently about its use in parliament etc.
Tyrkiet - Turkey
The problems in the eurozone has nothing to do with non-eurozone members meddling, but are the result of internal asymmetries internal to zone.
This seemed to be the general thing both when I went to secondary with kids from different primary schools, as well as now that I study history at uni - we all basically were taught the same things in primary and secondary
The fence isn't going across roads
I'm just glad to see that we're beating the Swedes
Sikkert noget med at Karlsson har hugget hendes Kalles Kaviar
and instantly I head a boy cry out: "Rädda Joppe
Sankt Hans, maybe
It was some time ago, but in 1920 a sizeable chunk of the German / Dansh borderland voted if to become German or Danish.
The Danes have almost direct translations of these Special German words.
Just not worth it
You're right my periodisation may be off by a margin, though with the
No offense (Unless u swedish)
> "Hyggjeleg" also sounds like the Icelandic word "Huggulegt", which means "cozy".
Why can't each member state have their own gun control laws?
Hating the "It's 3am why are you still awake" memes posted by Americans while it's 8am here
It’s an annual little parade
We have a town called Sæd which means sperm
Yeah maybe my interpretation is wrong but it’s generally the interpretation my family shows
Is it short for something
Why again haven't we thrown Hungary out of the EU
South Jutland - Farmers from Alabama
Movies like [Adam's Apples] [The Green Butchers] and [In China They Eat Dogs]
Why
Never talk to anyone
The American private use of the flag feels very political/patriotic and not simply because it's *hyggeligt*.
Back then it used to be called "Ripa" which is believed to come from the Latin word for riverside
(Not really, braver women and men than me died for that, that would be rude and disrespectful
It was actually a pretty damn fun party
The text makes sense
Sort of the same, I learnt some of the MOST basic english when I started playing games, so when english rolled around to start in school, I was just going ahead of the class
That's way to close to reasonable
Good to see progress still happen from time to time even in this timeline
Tell me about it
This, all of this
At least you sound like you don't know of any other migrant waves other than those from, say, Syria.
What's wrong with the number system
I actually think the EU has been very forward and negotiated in good faith
RUC is regarded as a hippy-dippy school, but I've never heard of it as being regarded as worse academically
Europe Universalis 4 MP Campaign Session 2 Tier List
Danish Hygge
Sound like the basis for Pratchett's Nac mac Feegle
I'm pretty sure we all spoke the same language at one point, but I'm not 100% sure on it
In this sense, the "we are all in this together" is not only political rhetoric, but something reflected in actual practice
So since the late 1970'es, the Swedish economy, the Swedish economy has been just as market oriented as most other western European states, and, since the fall of the so-called Eastern Bloc, also the 'Eastern'-European states
Very often I see things that are basically just Swedish getting lumped onto us as well
hope to find time to do a few of the others in a similar way.
a) A majority in the parliament
I'd say written Faroese is *slightly* easier than written Icelandic though, since it isn't quite as grammatically complex
I think you’re right about a lot of things, but I do think language speakers have very different amounts of pride in their language
I've been married to a girl from Bornholm since the turn of the millennium, and i still can't understand it completely.
Well, the Danish use of "lækker" perfectly resembles til Dutch way to use it
As a dane with Irish ancestry I'm absolutely fine with this
The exceptions are that market or opiniton researchers and charities are allowed to call.
I keep them in the fridge because stores keep them refrigerated
Is this a typical room for a romanian girl, or are there certain things that have only been included to make it a bit more evident that it's Romania
It's a fucking atrocity
Symbolic victory (Like Sweden Democrats/Danish Peoples Party) is not the same as -Actual- Victory (Brexit, Trump.) which is what people fear the most.
Judging by what you just said, and the rest of this thread, if the town and municipality is majority-Christian, that would seem entirely reasonable
How did you work out that I support totalitarianism?
"This guy"...if you're going to beg for followers, at least be up front about it.
Sydjylland here
Keep the caravan, swap the car.
The far right is just a socialist party in anti immigration clothes.
As someone who grew up in Helsingør (20 mins ferry from Sweden) I can say that Swedish sounds like a drunken Dane with a potato in the mouth.
In terms of fine art Aros is good, but Louisiana and SMK are the best IMO
You insist on the whole hurr durr you are far right, when I'm really not, I will gladly tell you I don't think nationalism is this absolutely horrible thing.
Greenland, though slot of people say the north pole
But the average seems to be 2 checkups every year
I actually have a German grandmother even came from a family of officers in the navy.
Some also do have wood/pellet burners to feed their central heating system
Happy nerds everywhere, lots of coding and swapping tips and tricks with fellow geeks
I’m legit laughed at when I say I’m Pro-EU
On weekends the tickets are more pricy and here the breakeven looks to be between 1 and 2 travellers
If we had some way of easily telling what's *actually* fake news this idea might not be a bad one.
Don't they use private companies to build the military stuff.
Together WE could have mocked Sweden together.
You are assuming people would know where Dora was from and not naturally assume that she is mediterranean
I've mainly seen them in older office buildings/schools and such
To care about insignificant details in Danish is called Flueknepperi, translated to fucking flies
A coworker and I tried to drive through the night to get from somewhere I can't remember to our hotel in Germany
8min by bike
Kina - China
It makes so little sense to brexit by now
Infinitely more than 0 people
But in English I become white trash
In Denmark its the firstborn regardless of gender
UK: I vote against your nothing
It's also way less addictive than smoking and drinking, so if you make sure to only do it on your days off, then it shouldn't be a problem
Hitler also got elected democraticly.
but it does for cheese, juice, milk and such
Jesus christ, so fucking what
I don't care if their life is in danger if they're sent back.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberry
French hot dogs
EU: Unicorns don't exist
I mean most monarchs does matter
When I was like 10 years old or something I was at the beach on a day where the underwater visibility was very low, so I was diving right along the bottom so I could see any potential crabs or whatever down there
Lolland, the danish version of Alabama
I see you know what's up
I could think of hundreds of places that would need it more
Wouldn't setting the limit by education or economy make more sense then?
> No, it proves that propaganda is what means the world
I did read the article and I don't see how it helps Nigel Farage?
". That day just never seem to come around
I goggled  Burren  and that looks so special
cool :D
No, it's a globally important case study in ecological restoration
You can pretty much say what you want, popular comedians make very crude jokes on their expense, no worries.
Yes, you're an elector and have the support of another elector as I recall, but you haven't really made an impact on the big stage.
Here's a better one:
It looks nice, how do you genuinely feel about serbs, hate or do you judge them individually?
Hotel
It comes from the idea that the poor needed to be contained
Almost nothing but glucose, just how I like it
I feel my blood boiling
We just say here I come
30 - tredve
I’m impressed if someone knows one word of Danish
Good
Best of luck to you and your like minded turks...
Populism is essentially a political method that simply means that you present yourself as being "for the people", which can occur on both the right and the left
Looks like they got cheated out of some great fun, and still saved the treasure
Getting caught is not just cheating but fraud.
Jensen is a sure tell
Leaving the EU would be easier if that ever becomes an issue
What's up with France
Most people hire a guy to do it
Play by the rules or don't play at all.
You buy all of those thing at the supermarket
Not necessarily, on danish use we also backplaced articles, as on romanian
Raisin lovers get shamed big time (as they should)
He, interesting (hi there northern neighbour)
Cons: high tax, but it's worth it
Not using ad much doesn't mean it will go negative
Also lots of people go for a run every now and then.
Yes well, you've kind of ruined that reputation a bit lately
I just want to make it clear that isn't available all over the country
I know a few, including Minnesota, but still find it annoying as fuck when Americans assume I know various things about their federal states and their inane abbreviations
at them
It would be better to teach them to avoid cats
They have a show called [Det Røde Felt] which is very open about being left wing.
For most other areas in technology it would be DTU
BIER
Lots of countries have free healthcare and 30 days vacation and paid university, they’re not all Nordic
What can I say he make bad tea
Just overall
The city has some fine public transport for reasonable prices
Danes are fatter than most of these nations that are in orange
(Sorry about the rant, I'm done with my masters in a few months so it's on my mind a lot atm, haha)
;-)
But you should definitely get your kids the flu shot if you're worried about it
They won't, but Europe would be better for it
Just the same old story of cutting taxes and putting police on the border to stop migrants really of which im fine with considering our taxes are between 45% and 55%....
Like how all of Eastern Europe are seen as “basically Russia”.
No that's really wrong, bedstemor and bedstefar is definitely also in widespread use
Some people in Denmark seem to care about the US internal politics in a manner they would otherwise only care about their own country
At least that's why so many Germans, Norwegians, Swedes and Dutch people come here when asked why
I suppose you could call a woman a "feltmadras" today but it just wouldn't make any sense so it's not really done
Faxe Kondi Booster on the other hand is the grossest invention ever
We bought an alarm clock that has a light that looks like the sunrise, so thqt helps a bit
The other 4 years is of course position to the election, but the cirkus only lasts 3 weeks.
Not really
Også selvom det er noget nemmere at forstå hvad de siger
Being tied up in prolonged election campaigns does not help the country, and will only bore the population .
That's it
Absolute unit
They need butter
It's good management, favorable laws and luck.
And still people elect Tory governments
" as well though
New polls show that 70% of republicans still believe that the election was stolen
Practise also needs to be compliant with EU law
It must look different in 2017.
- 8 months of the year is just one big rainy blob weather-wise
When I was 6 I had memories of Barney, when my aunt uncle were 6 they had memories of German soldiers patrolling the streets
Depends on the degree
Doesn't matter what your religion says about the issue, if you ask me
Ole Christensen (Socialdemokratiet) (NO/YES)
Of course, much like with the building, [the original bridge] doesn't exist anymore, though it has been replaced with a [blue metal one] instead
Memes was never in danger in the first place
Yeah we usually drive to Germany to buy chocolate and soda
We don't have any special sayings or expressions about dutch people.
I don’t find this post a reason to be proud of living in Europe
This also reminds me of Iceland and Norway
One politician randomly discovered it by walking by a porn cinema one day
Except perhaps at students who just moved out of their parents home or something like that.
Chances are the idiotic drives will be more likely to floor it through Denmark, Germany, Netherlands etc.
What initially was meant as a one year educational thing, instead ended up looking more like something akin to ethnic cleansing
* 1920: Southern Jutland is returned to Denmark
Are you implying the UK is not a part of Europe?
I don't live in the center but it takes me 20 minutes on a bike to get there
you can either scan or choose a picture, which is super neat
Same, the amount of strangers that randomly talk to you is super uncomfortable for me personally
I didn't study biochemistry myself, but from what I gather, my old university (University of Copenhagen) is pretty big in that field.
All my homies hate PostNord
Price level is higher in Denmark, so what you can buy for that wage difference between Denmark and Sweden is tiny
As for Europe, the smallest country that I'd consider big (population wise) would probably be Spain, Ukraine or Poland
We were just keeping our distance.
They banned shaving cream at my school the year that I graduated, but we still used it anyways
Usually it's Americans with some other ethnic background it seems.
When a government does it, its forcing people to pay for it.
What is thatsupposed to mean
Exactly
Imagine if it had all been lit at the same time
If I was to remove sweden, skåne wouldn't dissapear, right
Soon, soon
Ofc the Germans have a word for it
A couple of years ago I was at a Coldplay concert in Copenhagen and the entire standium basically shouted the "danish lyrics" instead of the OG
In Denmark, Syrians have a crime-index of
And doctors and engineers appreciate the more generous vacation policies, job security and working conditions etc that they get in Europe as well.
It was the decision of Venstre and Anders Fogh Rasmussen.
Bølgen by Molo
Like this [one]
I'm curious
Sandwich places, pizza places, and etc.
I agree with a lot of the points I've read here - seperate plans/phone, lack of need for an American item, etc
Then I vote on whoever stands a chance at denying that first candidate or party a win
we didn't have lego back then
europe has never heard of Bulgaria or thought it was a turkish satelite before it joined the EU
i wonder, can we make a campaign where we encourage the family to offset the bullies
What hotel did you work in
the Tyrant, the irresolute mad man, decided to break his promise of amnesty and have a nice little bloodbath in the middle of Stockholm.
I would imagine they also have the Tuborg Julebryg
But I’m also an example of someone who is really caught in its laws and follows it to a tii wherever I want to or not
How you hit your target of taking in thousands of Syrian refugees or it is still only 200 as reported earlier last month?
We get really depressed
Completely inaccurate; those are pistols, real Americans use fully automatic assault rifles
Although I agree with many of OPs points, the fact is that the bar is just so much higher than most countries in the world
As impressive as her career was, she had a couple of kids, cared for her dying husband AND was editor in chief for the her university paper
I recently received treatment at a physiotherapist, which was 23 euro (170 kr) per session
The bar was set very low by the League of Nations, and the UN barely managed to surpass it.
Please tell me how so I don't accidentally do it
The country has virtually been ignored since the fall of the USSR
> Can there be more vowels than in Danish speech
An angelmaker (englemager) in Danish is a person who kills small children and infants for profit
It’s been somewhat like this the past years
In the trains (s-tog) it's mostly teens, but adults sometimes also join in
In other words, countries which don't want to integrate more closely will be steamrollered?
Contemporary times
It turned out that it wasn't, as it was simply just made on gut reactions, but they didn't say that, and purposely misled the parliament to get the necessary votes for the bill, as the Social Democrats do not command a majority in parliament
That is also why nobody owns the rights to H.C. Andersens original fairytales today, but publishers can have rights to "modern translations".
EU has a larger internal economy, and if you look at #5 and 6 trade partner for USA (outside EU), you can see that EU has twice the trade with those countries compared to USA.
I think the “not allowed to stand out” thing is very exaggerated
Then again, Danish drinking culture is more about getting shitfaced, especially for younger people.
All the "big" cities of Scandinavia has the same problem.
That is long, rip the Greeks
Let's formulate an alternative to federal Europe and make it work.
That is before they went and stole everything worth anything in west/north europe, now they are sitting on treasure trove of stolen goods.
Is that the thing your country needs the most?
I really dislike her, her voice alone is insufferable.
My gymnasium has a tradition of throwing first yearers down a huge hill
A thirteen year old could buy it
Ironically - Dictators have to try and keep their internal popularity up
Idk
On the other hand, I've lived at a dorm and noticed that the majority of people who came from working class families smoked like chimneys, especially when they hung out with each other
Not very lol
I get 1000/1000 Mbit for about 13€ in Denmark
Just find a person under 30, and they'll happily speak English
[Major Lazer & DJ Snake - Lean On (feat
This thread is hilarious
Many smaller countries have mandatory military service and have huge weapon stockpiles.
what's whole milk
I never learned about the danish gold age, where everything sounded very idyllic and romantic, but where the danish state was essentially a brutal police state controlled by an autocratic monarch
There are a couple in Copenhagen too, but they are all regulated with traffic lights (with the exception of one that I can think of)
In 2011 one of the top people in the party said "we don't have any foreign policy".
77% of all visits) with a case fatality rate of 0
The only government owned shipping in Denmark is the Royal Danish Navy and a few science/rescue/control ships.
We’re just not good a confrontation
Unfortunately can't use youtube at the moment for Danish content due to a dispute between the Danish music industry and google, so I can't hear this version
Thyge Brahe
I used to play videogames with a bunch of northerners once, and for about 2 years I thought they would actually go drink tea with their family whenever they said “gotta go, tea’s ready”.
But really I don't think we use the term in Danish
I know no one in Denmark who thinks otherwise.
Maybe Hungary (Orban) should dream about something else.
you would *hate* Icelandic and Old Norse.
(Nom nom, pepperoni pizza with dressing)
So it's clearly Sweden who are the weirdos in this scenario
I'm not, but there's a finite amount of time each day.
Except tyven manly manly language of Danish/German
My anthropology teacher is from New York☻☻☻☻☻☻☻
The reason the EU isn't working is because we have to many nationalists that still think it's the 1800's...
- [Proto-Germanic] "*austrą" > [Old High German] "ōst" -> the province Ostarrîchi/Austria
This is what we have chosen, and this of course leads to, that the people who earns more, and pays more, now pays a little less, well, they'll pay more less than the people, who earns a little less and pays less, but who is paying less less
It's where I always stay in Prague, and never really encountered anything in that regard
I believe he was then Minister of foreign relations
With regards to the costs, it's worth looking into stipends and such.
So I wonder if in Sweden just like in Denmark, the bikers are seen as “heroes” by white supremacist and so on
Lol, that's Kaj, from the much loved children's tv show Kaj og Andrea
Languages need a state to survive
First, let me state the obvious, just to give us a starting point: people vote on emotion, not policy minutia.
Then their law is childish black and white nonsense imo.
Lack of fuel during and after WW2.
Thoralf has never been a German name
Like I said it’s hard to really pinpoint their exact ideology beyond just being authoritarian, so I don’t disagree with that label
I now understand why it’s associated with vampires, I don’t find this view pleasant at all lol
Nowadays it has roughly 40k people, so not a big place.
BT is a tabloid
Cats, but unfortunately I feel like in Denmark it is often a one-sided battle
No one really uses megametres, even though it technically makes sense, either
These maps and charts have without fail used the 2011 numbers for many years
Because it was just totally a very convenient mismanagement of the territory with the 2nd biggest ethnic group, which weren't exactly positive about Moscow rule, that just happened to severely gimp said ethnic group
The motorway was in good condition, and all of it was lighted through the night
Chocolate, Vlaanderen, Wallonia, Club Brugge, Moleenbeek, Bruxelles, King Leopard and his actions in Africa
* Medicine
You're reading it the wrong way around.
I didn't know that at all
If we continue to grow by this rate, we'll hit 100 000 in no time
Yes
our right wing populist party was created out of an openly racists party in the 1970's and since 2001 they have been in a coalition with the rest of the centre-right parties and forced extreme immigration laws and normalized racists rhetoric before most other european nations, our social-democratic party is now in power through a coalition, but not changing those laws because they fear backlash and only the far leftwing is directly trying to change the laws, but wont challenge the social-democrats leadership on this issue
I drink cream on it's own
It's called travelling
It's actually from a webcomic set in a post apocalyptic world where the only known human settlements are in Scandinavia
* Helved (Means Hell)
The metro connection will be more direct to Malmø and only take about half the time of the train
Just have to get used to it
Who else
Why in the name of Maria Teresa García Ramírez de Arroyo would you do that
There are some failings like any system, but it works great for the most part
Now I understand that this is because the game was originally played with Spanish cards :D
You can't really use the Roman empire as a standard for what is Europe and what isn't. That would create problems as for instance Denmark wouldn't be Europe, but Tunis would
Pepsi Max
Take Virum, for example, the prizes there are the same as Copenhagen, but it's around 30 km away from Copenhagen
There is 500000 foreign workers in Denmark presumably speaking a different language plus maybe Danish
Timeless classic
Look at any study on social mobility, and you'll find that the US does *not* rank well.
The whole thing was great - the last part made me almost double over laughing.
If you think of the ten commandments but all centered around you being small and nothing then you're more or less there
yes, you guessed it
And if the island is in a lake it would be sjöööl
Do "not that nice neighborhoods" even have luxury houses?
Red and white are the true scandinavian colors
Ingredienserne til en kradser kan variere, men som basis gælder at der anvendes et pølsebrød. På pølsebrødet tilføjes forskelligt tilbehør som findes i pølsevognen, og i forvejen anvendes til andre retter
*We* should leave, because *you* want to spend more money
Beautiful !
I take it that the Greek form of his name, *Basileios*, is derived from *Basileus*. If that's correct, he'd be Emperor Emperor, or Emperor King
But tbh, compared with what most of the rest of the world is going through with quarantine and restrictions, social life being slightly restricted, my daily life is not all that different from before
If you didn't know, then why on earth would you make such a strongly worded statement on it
I want to thank Germany and Feroya islands for their amazing food
I can do both a British and an American accent
It's working
you always end up back at slavery and oppression because anything earlier was tortured out of people.
The area isn't that densely populated, especially to the west.
The way we say numbers out loud
The institute, also known as the French school, was a catholic girls school ages 3 to 14 in the middle of Copenhagen
The constant expansion of the university (which was established in  1928) has also means that the city has seen large scale growth for a very long time, unlike copenhagen which has even seen population decline at some periods
So honestly not much different from a bus
I've done it a couple of times, takes about 5 hours
>Grønlands adgang til selvstændighed
Plenty of immigrants from various places "fit in" perfectly fine and it's the ones who actually integrate
You mentioned Denmark, and positively even, but not Finland or Norway
Don't know what people are complaining about
Secondly, you guys didn't even bother to declare war on us, so you're right it wasn't even a war
By that logic, we should label the liberals in the British parliament in the 19th century who passed [the various factory acts] as 'socialists'... Which makes no sense
[most] women lose time from their lives already by raising children.
The body is quite resilient
Whatever it is I hope your day will treat you better.
I remember reading about them making it so you can only walk by it to protect it
Queen Margrethe is liked by most
Yeah
That's not a plan, that's a wish.
It's my tax-payer money that's going towards sustaining their economies for nothing in return - I feel like I (and many other Danes) am quite justified in finding it rather obnoxious
The one guy I talked to seemed to understand me, I just couldn’t understand him for some reason, maybe they have a weird dialect in Göteborg
Live in a country that isn’t cold and gets little sun
Is it treated as water by employers, in that it can be consumed in the workplace
Gud ja, det er da også rigtigt
When Russia supported our communist party here, it never rose above 2%.
Saw a random Mercedes with Saudi plates in Berlin
They have been critical for of the EU, and in my oppinion for good reason.
Pindsvin (Stick Swine) - Hedgehog
Both r/Denmark and r/sweden have off-spring subreddit where most posts are about mocking each other
But all the same, it’s enjoyable for our Nordic offspring
Yeah those still apply
It's sometimes difficult to hear Sønderjysk apart from Vestjysk if you are not from the area
Yes
It's called Leichenwagen in German, which is also corpsecar.
In fact, it's the only city I've been to outside of few on the island where I live.
It doesn't matter who I listen to
Smaller countries tend to be more dependent on other countries and thus better at English which is necessary for me
It happens, but the people who do are the outliers
"nobody was using the lanes, so we've decided to not make them permanent"
You are going to a restaurant, aren't you expecting to get something better or more interesting than you can cook yourself
The judicial power shall be vested in the courts of justice
;-)
Save the americans from their own idiocy by hopefully dragging their head out of their own ass by force.
Sweden and Swedes are different, I can attest to that!
Well, Denmark's "birth certificate" was literally written in stone in the around 950 AD whereas the Sweden as we know it today was born with Vasa as you point out
Fucking disgusting
I thank Bulgaria for being in Golden Sands when I was 17 years old
There really is no excuse
We occupied Norway for four hundred years, and just to rub it in we called it a "union". Fun times (except for Norway)
They explained that it is a valid passport and a valid visa.
It was full of awful stereotypes and 2-dimensional characters
Op,have you seen people in Denmark
I mean that in itself is interesting to me
This in turn protects against other bacteria, since they can't live in acid and salt solutions
Yeah, I think the divide between rural and urban is pretty universal
in some places, people in the apartment block are friends with each other
That just makes it easier, you actually know what sounds to make
Interesting how you know the voters better than the voters themselves did
The word "doppelgänger". Straight up stolen, and also very similar to Danish "dobbeltgænger".
In Denmark we grow up on a very rude and sarcastic sort of humor that makes the rest of the world clutch their pearls if used on no Danish citizens
Denmark is in fact one of the easiest countries bureaucratically to start a private business
They didn't really leave that promptly.
When I arrived at station-the, noticed I that I not was stood off the right place
Rasmus Paludan
Our approach doesn't need colors or graphical makeup, it stands on its own.
Well, it's mostly during the warmer months but we do get tourists here.
Laidback with White Horse and Sunshine Reggae are very famous (as well as the others in the other comment)
Might come as a surprise, but MS Paint
Lalandia startede på Lolland, så derfor skulle verdens bedste feriested navngives så.
Try the speaker symbol on the normal language, and you can see soft K is not used
UKIP on suicide watch
If it's a close friend who drops by all the time he may just get a "Hey
[2016 results]
from the Danish side I think most people (or at least the younger generations) have completely forgotten that you guys where once part of the Kingdom
Immigration policies
It's not difficult to pronounce 50-90:
Australia or at least Melbourne felt very familiar for some reason
Where are you from
Its fucking horrible right now, literally feels like death
Well, not really a nerveous break down, but a break down of a sort
They never returned to their families
*Notices Sweden has a slighter darker shade*
Oh, and the reason why Eesti cannot into Nørdic i think is because they were part of the Soviet Union when the council was started and the Scandinavians dont really know how much like us they are
No idea why they're grouped together, I just remembered that there was a name for it
South Korea is an OECD member, yet I don't see them anywhere on this graph.
Delaying tactics is part of the game.
The Albanians didn't lose their papers.
I understood it that Switzerland imports energy from neighboring countries during their nightly off-peak hours for their hydro-storage
I suppose one argument for some countries could be tourism.
And the names of the direwolves are also translated, and not even directly, Ghost is translated to Hvide (=White)  for some reason
The middle East is literally a region in Asia
Our 'Kroners' are the remnants of that.
No, our snow usually don't last more than a couple of days
Honestly only good part of it is going to the mini world and seeing all the small lego houses, but even so, the price is way to expensive for what you get
We don't want to trade American Hegemony for German/Franco one
Just more virtue signalling implemented as busy work to manage and oversee that all these rules are being enforced which does not increase the wealth of a nation but rather subtracts from it
On a bike I can just raise my hand flat towards them while looking at them, but this is different to holding one's hand high and next to one's head to signal you're stopping
There's not really an English name for it, but if you were to put that into translate it would probably come out something like "home arts". But it's basically where you learn how to cook, clean, and take care of a kitchen
26-30 = warm but nice
having a parent from the US has affected my worldview, but in terms of identity, it really doesn't matter
I love to visit and go to a lot of places there, but I wouldn't want to live there, at least not permanently
Most people would tell you to go see the little mermaid or something but I think you'll have a much nicer experience sitting at a cafe a Nyhavn etc.
No i don't have any bad feelings about starting again
Establishments selling "open containers" (or allowing you to drink on the store property iirc) (so bars etc.) needs to have an Alcohol License.
Those companies have a large research department and fund studies conducted at universities (students are cheap labor and the universities links different sectors of the industry).
Yeah that's the same thing some ISIS fanatics killing Europeans because of their belief.
The Kingdom of Denmark
Plz take this with a pinch of salt - like a ton or so.
Thought about this today when we danced [Les Lanciers] in my school
In reality, there is no "Denmark" separate from "The Kingdom of Denmark", and Greenland and the Faroes are an integral part of the country
Regular people aren't scared of Russia, sure they violate our air space regularly but we are used to that by now.
I'll never travel to Turkey again, and I have been there 8 times for vacation.
Honestly only good part of it is going to the mini world and seeing all the small lego houses, but even so, the price is way to expensive for what you get
* At the latest, six months after the proposed change has been approved (twice) by parlament, it must be put to a public vote
I left norway thinking norwegians are maybe the nicest people in the world
Close :) I'll just translate it word for word:
Sure, we have a Queen and a female PM, as well as decent legislation surrounding parental leave and gendered discriminiation, but there are still so many instances of "everyday sexism" that refuse to die
In Danmark Dansk Folkeparti had been waiting for a reason to implement border control
I don't think many Danes would have a problem if other countries would do the same, it is generally seen as a logical and reasonable thing to do.
Moldova, as a part of Romania, is plenty interesting
If we're talking most impactful, I would say the bombing of the Institut Jeanne d'Arc
You Mother Fck
It has been very well documented how cigarettes cause cancer.
Edit: if you don't count Greenland then probably Iceland
In Denmark for example there is an extra tax on sugar
Except that nobody celebrate or care about that day.
The question is, if we can handle their whisky better than they can handle our snaps
Budweiser, Heineken, Carlsberg tastes fine - but very similar
guess that’s a kind of impression as well
In that case they might as well just get rid of the insane costs in England instead and spend that funding there
Would not dare to do that in Copenhagen for sure
You see the same in the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary.
If it means that e.g. Youtube has to take more responsibility regarding their copyright system and be more active to ensure that it doesn't abused like it does today
It's "Scandinavian", as in none of the 3 scandinavian can truly claim it, because it existed in those 3 languages since they were one language, old norse.
Å = stream/flood
doesn't matter really, since you are free to take in only atheists.
My country (Denmark):
Lego
But you need to be able to dive safely or else you are fined 1,500 kr
My big sister moved out when she was 18 too, because she got at job
If you called your boss Sir or Ma'am, here, they'd most certainly think you were taking the piss
Just reverse the roles and imagine you sticking to Norwegian culture, traditions, values, humor, drinking etc
The hardnesses varies a lot depending on regions and some of it has a lot of lime, but everybody drinks it and uses it for cooking
However, the most danes cannot remember them, they do them just
I thought England, UK, Great Britain was the same thing and I thought Scotland, Ireland and Wales were places in England
(I was surprised to learn about that)
So wars between Venice and Milan or stuff like that
Is it treated as water by employers, in that it can be consumed in the workplace
Also a thing, here
Absurd micro management
The only bad thing I've heard about Switzerland (excluding potential political differences etc
There is like a field that moves from the north and it rotates a bit and when it hits us with a shitty winter it will hit with a hot sommer almost every time as well
The Danish government has nothing to do with what is hunted in the Faroe Islands or Greenland, but since they're part of the kingdom, they must be ours to tell what to do, right
It's never as simple as 'yes you meet the requirements of course you can join
Since Iceland was a part of Norway in 1933
Password manager probably went AWOL
My mom says Prince Frederik loves Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds and I have no idea why she knows this, can anyone confirm
Did you guys see how awesome the iranian fans were
As it should be, imo
We call them pebernødder though
They just looked at me funny
I saw an article that called hygge “a fantasy that could never come true” because apparently you need Georg Jensen China and organic hot chocolate brewed by virgins and cashmere wool socks to even begin to THINK you’re having a hyggelig time
There's at least 5 in Copenhagen
I'm not sure, but liberal in Danish means conservative party (Republican)
&#x200B;
Yeah I know it's not fancy or anything but it's cheap and easy to maintain and get parts for and it's quite enjoyable to ride.
Pay is determined by what they generate but also how easily their skillset is replaceble
In the last 5 years there has been a huge increase in housing, so it should be no problems getting either a dorm room or a shared apartment
I remember it being used in the early 90's.
Too much of the police's resources are spend on giving fines to people who smoke marijuana on daily basis
US is as bad as Russia when it comes to war crimes as they both killed innocent people.
Second oldest
You seem way to happy whenever an attack happens in Europe.
Otherwise, proper dark rye bread is all but impossible to find outside of Denmark
Because if so, that just sounds like progressive urbanite prejudice, more than anything
But happy we got skåne back
Yes and no
Example; don't bring up how much money you make, if you make a lot
WE get blamed for it more than you, because the Faroes are part of the Kingdom
Personally, unless you're from Scania, I'll have a hard time understanding Swedish
Just long enough for us to transition fully to other energy sources
Americans need to stop acting as if they have it figured out
That's actually insane
Denmark is as hot as Egypt
There was this rather sad post on /r/twoxchromosomes about exactly this happening - with fatal concequences.
This happens even if the procedure was done abroad.
Like a zucchini, a carrot or something basic healthy
Like with ores, caves etc
I could think of hundreds of places that would need it more
I do not buy clothes specifically for indoor use
Denmark's Fire and Rescue Services are completely privately operated btw
Moldova can only dream of the day it can afford to take that title
The thing was bigger than any cup of soda I’ve seen here until recently
Germans even hate credit cards because they hate debt
But we danes feel we are scandinavians much more than continental europe
Well its only in 2015 that we banned bestiality, so a lot of the opposition to that law still are
Kvickly had sandals with Jesus on, was charged with blasphemy by someone, they redrew the sandals before the thing went to court and nothing really happened.
You could add German and Spain as well
The only annoying thing I've noticed about it is that it will mistake the word "in" for an abbreviation of inches, so if a text reads "1978 in Germany", the extension will convert that to "1978 in (5,024 cm)˜ Germany".
I remember seeing someone a while ago asking if it was worth it to move from USA to Switzerland for a certain job
I strongly dislike Liberals, if that wasn't clear by now
= Wanna go out(drinking) tonight
Been there and you almost forget to go to bed
Where I am on Fyn, like 4 or 5 times a year
Uh, have been opposed to this forever.
What's scary is that the Devils Hole is more than 150m deep and the bottom has never been mapped
You know what would be absolutely fan-fucking-tastic?
2 injuries per 100,000 people),[7][8] and 33,636 deaths due to "injury by firearms" (10
This sometimes results in two Danes not being able to understand each other
Women's PJ bottoms don't have them at all, and they're basically the same garment
There are accidents too often
to "explain" things in other parts of the world when in fact it's USA that has an extremely unusual and special history
It only makes them move on to the next thing they know nothing about
According to the comments I see quite a lot of people living in UK, who think UK will have greater influence in the world after Brexit.
The sweet ladybehind the desk let me borrow her phone to call Copa Airlines to book a return ticket.
One thing I say about Denmark and probably Scandinavia in general: if you fit in the Scandinavian homogeneity, you'll love it
[Example]
When your vocabulary is mostly Latin or French, the speech can't help but take on a cerebral quality that sort of gentrifies the raw and unwashed "barbaric yawps" of one's self-expression, more so when you, as a second language speaker, have learned middle class English rather than council estate English
> I would imagine culture is also partly a result of government policy
I'm sorry, what
I know this is 5 days old, but we do/did actually have some fairly good sports shooters
Years of failed city planning
If one piece of the deal is negotiated outside A50, then every piece becomes negotiable outside A50, and it would never be triggered.
Actually, I think that this has changed due to the reform of public schools.
Like a tax or fee for each time an HC Andersen story was sold
\[...\] Partly this myth harmonizes with the image Christian himself tried to create after he was dethroned \[...\] the name "the good" is not anything he was ever called".
Sweden: “rape capital of the world” is a phrase I wish would die out
I used to live in Stavtrup until recently, funnily enough
I have no idea where you've been Europe etc.
Implying that I recognise the 1658 Treaty of Roskilde
The sun is shining
Both of them had no intention of actually working for a living instead of collecting social benefits.
I should note that I strongly oppose neo-nazis
English Spanish and Chinese
So isn't that 32.100 dealt with, not 100?
A while ago I believe there was a survey that proved worldwide people preferred dogs so probably dogs
Alright, so we have 1 confirmed American and now one confirmed Texan who agrees to do this.
I'm happy I fell for IT
But the media in Denmark has lots of stories about the harsh realities of economical hardship for low income and unemployed persons in such a situation.
I would add Stormlight Archives and the Demon Cycle to that list.
I honestly think that a lot of Danes never even really thinks about religion..
Most people start drinking around age 15-16, and with the purchasing age of light alcoholic beverages being 16, it's roughly the same
I also havent seen any definate replies to how we are going to compensate the mink farmers who I believe will lose their livelyhood and their breeding stock in one fell sweep
In Denmark the medieval period is from 1066-1517/1537 so no
/u/Ax_Dk was simply stating a fact; /u/--poseidon-- does not talk shit about Australia.
Oh shit yeah, completely slipped my mind
It of course came out of necessity, as timber was scarce on the windy Hebrides, but now it's a sought-out feature, and not a bug
We’ll never truly trust them
then you have never been to Denmark
No, surely not alone, nobody said that, but they played a significant part.
Amazing movie, though the American version is censored / edited
Just subscribed myself
I do not find this aesthetically pleasing at all
You have nothing to do with them, yet your rhetoric towards them does not sound very live-and-let-live at all
This means that if people come to the conclusion that they are the wrong sex they can pause the process but it can easily be started at a later point.
The 5A is even called "dødens rute" e.g. "The route of death/death's route" - it even says so on the bus line's wikipedia page, haha
And what nine EU members do you think could agree on what kind of common tax policy?
Everyone knows the meaning of Langbortistan
Five years ago we had snow to my knees
I would rather have him jailed.
Depends a lot on your region
My best friend and I are going on an interrail trip around Europe soon, and we're looking for inspiration and things to do.
We have to cherish what we have
No, they seem to be rising in response to their own fevered imaginations of a refugee crisis.
Hopefully you don't burn down whiles gone
I don't see how roads can have stereotypes.
Come on, that's just a slightly spicier word for poo, doesn't even count as shit
This is the only danish comment, lol
Now obviously it depends on the family, on their wealth and things like that, but in general it's really just about what the kid is doing at the time and the kid's own desire to move out
2nd would be building some large camps that all EU members pay a amount to keep them running and then put all refugees there.
True
Ok, I was thinking it would involve an obscene amount of tunneling
Skåne is just as weird to us as it is to you
18c to 23c : "T-shirt and jeans, yay
I would have thought it would be soemthing like Nöcken in Swedish
At home 8 hours of sleep have always been a minimum, and we would eat dinner and usually breakfast together everyday
***Some*** Americans see people with wealth as more important than those with less
Being invited home to dinner with a translator I had worked extensively with over some years, in the mid 90s. His family and I spent the better part of the evening and night eating dinner, drinking tea, and discussing the future of Russia
Is everything pretty OK
I see your point, but: Well first of all, there was also Orla Østerby and the unnamed guy from DR who Maria Fantino accused of asking her to have sex with his wife while he watched
Absolutely Mark Strong's [character]#imgrc=_) in Stardust!
We all know that Sweden is a huge dick
* Danish: 100 %
Well, their job is to bring you food and drinks.
And other expats, from Wales and America
Que Mala pata
> Ok so turns out that after talking to a Danish and German friend, fish and chip shops are not found outside of the UK
To be fair, any country that lies next to a country in full disintegration will have massive problems to deal with.
gasp
(This makes me sound like some right-wing conservative who wants us to return to that, but I'm not; I'm just saying that our countries are built on Christian traditions).
But from my personal experiences, I would say that it is nothing more than a joke, a friendly rivalry
Since they claimed to back the guy who went to gay clubs
I frequently mention the Netherlands as a way more friendly place when people point out how friendly everyone in Scandinavian countries are, ironically, lol
Actually true
Fun fact
i dont really care but obviously there's massive doping.
Don't forget the thorsfejde
Last two years their government started sending local cops with them to keep an eye on them.
Men det gjorde du ikke, det kunne du ikke, og nu får du tilbage, med renter, skige idiot
And honorable mentions:
This is a comedy movie about a heist
Just needed a little bit of honhonhon in there too, and - voila
You just learn the words
Oddest comment so far
Yes
It had nothing to do with such argument.
That list is basically a whirlwind tour of my childhood
but they are constantly "poking around" near sweden - and sweden is not part of NATO for some reason
were handled with the class teacher (the teacher responsible for the wellbeing of the class).
Very true words I guess people just want validation all the time
I’m not an expert on lolland
The 4-6% mentioned in statistics for Denmark includes a lot of people who will never work or has zero qualifications for the jobs industry demands.
Depends on what kind of tourist you are if all you wanna do is lie down on the beach in 30 degrees Celsius then Denmark is definitely not the place for you since we tend to have quite shitty weather
kanelbulle
It is here in Denmark, I wouldn’t know what else to call it personally
as a dane i am offend that germany owns holstein
It must have been like 14 or 15 years ago
claustrophobic, for lack of a better word
Making the partly Danish German region oriented north is just sensible politics
Her mom has walked in on us once, but we all just kind of laughed at it, except for my girlfriend lol
Most male top politicians in Denmark also use that uniform
Meanwhile in Norway and Sweden 82 is 8 10 2
Well we fiscally strict
Are you celebrating Independence from Austro-Hungarian Empire or Slovakia
The Rejsekort has an account that I can deposit money into online, via an app, or via machines or even clerks at most train stations
Most honorable Interpreti Brexittus
But the French king refused Denmark to keep anything and wanted the Treaty of Roskilde restored
I'm sure it's a thing everywhere, but I think it's more pronounced here because we have a shitton of cycle lanes and a shitton of cyclists
Having a conservative and dogmatic religion has ALSO been a huge problem, because it has created social control and isolated, parallel communities
Let's not ask too much, It's the Americans we are talking about
Fairly confident that Kim Larsen will eventually become a major cultural figure
and they say the same about all of Northern Europe, Central Europe and Eastern Europe so it seems more like it's them being the outliers and not everyone else
It’s both popular and controversial for a few reasons:
some time ago a new absence rule was introduced to danish gymnasiums that received nation-wide hate;
Used to know a few more
English is so prevalent in society that you can't help being a little familiar with English before actual English classes
Here in Denmark, it's ''20th April'' in speech and writing, and so, I would imagine, it is in other countries that use DD/MM
'No'
What type of rap would you prefer
[You guys just call us whenever you're ready to join the Kalmar Union.]
I don't see any reason why that couldn't work if people were willing to pay for it all
Aarhus has the edge there of being a more exciting place to visit
Yes, it strikes me a lot at random times
Though I think that's because they already automatically switch from the dialects, without being asked
And I guess you could say "up to 30 years" since that also covers HADEP 14 years ago and so on..
Learning to read it is easy enough, learning to speak it is a whole other ball game
Kæreste means “dearest” in Danish
I don't think so, no
Two days ago i had a whole lunch involving either pork or canned fish on ryebread at 11:20 in the morning
I think it obliges the NATO members to at the very least strongly condemn the action.
Like sure, it would cut travel time quite a bit, but wouldn't it take maaaany years, before it would make more money, than it cost to build, since the country is so small
maybe not jewish americans tho.
And Amagermanden
historically very uncommon, but the government made a move a couple of years back to move a couple of institutions away from copenhagen
My only friend
>The EU/EEA notification rate was 20
Something I have noticed is that iPhone owners always refer to their phone as "my iPhone". "Where is my iPhone, have you seen my iPhone, let me check my iPhone". Everybody else just say "my phone" not "my Samsung, my Huawei, my LG".
And none, but who *should* have intervened then, if not NATO
At least I do
You can go back and watch the Denmark - Sweden debate for similar quotes.
This also corresponds with the analyses I've read: Le Pen has no voter reserves.
Funnily enough I would also characterize my self as a liberal nationalist.
The biggest mistake is she says Denmark instead of Danmark - but considering she isn't supposed to be a Danish character, her Danish is much better than several of the examples in this thread of actors actually trying to portray characters from the countries
Underage drinking isn't a thing in Denmark, as we have no legal drinking age
> I dag finder man dog også en række andre fyrrearter i Danmark, visse i stort tal
I don't identify myself with any of that
Same in English
Humidity also makes it harder for sweat to evaporate and actually cool you off
Do all of you hate everywhere in your country
They didn't force you to take in a single refugee.
What we have is an å (stream, creek), but we do not have a flod (river)
As y’all can see we do have negative sides and it isn’t paradise on earth
But no, no candy
I guess there's a reason Denmark is one of the safest countries in the world
So yes, we also have Vietnamese, Korean, Spanish, German and Czech populations.
I’ve been there a couple of times, it’s really worth a visit
France had more per capita though.
Bornholm Is also quite the tourist hotspot since its the only place in Denmark with cliffs and its also the sunniest place in Denmark, but still the only people coming there are Germans and Danes
When we won the first Schleswig War the Brittish forced us to give back loads of what we won at the London Conference.
I would never root for or be happy about tragic event happening in other countries that's just distasteful to the extreme.
He was a bad king here as well,. There is a reason that he was imprisoned for the rest if his life
Are we more liberal than you guys
For the last time Greenland ISNT for sale
I dread to imagine foreigners having to stumble through Danish pronunciations during EU Parliament debates
My high school cantine employee was even an engineer from Egypt but couldn’t get his degree accepted
Modern laws are bad enough already, written in complex and confusing language that even top legal experts sometimes have difficulty interpreting.
As for jobs, I'd probably work at a newspaper, since my dad was a journalist and later an editor
How's the military's loyalty
Been trying to figure out what’s wrong with me for almost 5 years now, and no doctor or specialist can figure out what it is, and it’s keeping me from completing my education/getting a full time job, but I also can’t get government support as I would have to “work” a full time job in order to get any kind of money - which I unfortunately can’t do atm
Here is a similar map with global immigration...
That is what Denmark can win
Milan airport disaster
I consider myself a nationalist however "irrational" you want to call me, but I am a huge supporter of democracy for all no matter how much I might disagree with others they should always have the right to vote against me.
You can use it for home defence
All the other Saxonies are named *after* that Saxony, so if "the original Saxony" would have pleased you more, then let's go with that
Used to know a few more
Calling our language unintelligible inhuman sounds is pretty rich coming from the Dutch.
I could see myself living there
And then Prussia kicked Denmarks teeth in
I'm surprized to hear this from a protestant land.
I Ask a question about the Commonwealth...
Hviderusland - Belarus
Swedes understand Norwegian but often have trouble with Danish
Norwegian is a second language, and the written Norwegian and Danish is practically the same
Also if the person had the same sex as you?
And now I probably will think about it
Just wanna say in all the negativity that this also makes Germany to me less superficial, more approachable, more people friendly and less stuck on appearing modern and with-it compared to what I know from home
We don't have goods or services with a lower rate.
355 km from Copenhagen and 350 from Prague
Ø-øl in Danish
why the hell did we even rename it to stationcar in the first place?
It would make us very happy
At some point I look up and see something red ahead of me
Nah I hate hearing myself or other Danes speaking English
One about the factions and splits and what they all did and so on
It's quite specific to a few countries, most notably the Netherlands and Denmark (and a few others in some specific cities)
This picture is the personification of China's power in the coming future
For example, Kaj & Andrea
Am Dane, can confirm
The hanseatic league tried to monopolize the trade in the Baltic Sea by blockading other cities or attacking them
Should we include Iran because of it's historic ties with Europe
It's a problem that seems to be mostly solved (roughly speaking EE immigrants are seasonal workers in construction and agriculture).
It might just be a subconcious connection that says "raised area of the road = sidewalk" if you aren't used to raised cycle lanes.
And it just goes way, way worse
My wife getting me to skip the hotel breakfast, and go to the market just off the Rambla in Barcelona to buy cheese, cold cuts, and bread, and then having breakfast in a quiet corner of Park Güell
Prietenii mei românii din diaspora cred la fel, și că strain, ei sună și arată că ”the real thing”, dar sunt frică nu are o șanșă la alegeri în noiembrie
I wouldn't say Søren Ryge is niche though - but that might be because of my age
Then we lost it all and remain a tiny country
There will always be extreme outliers but the average opinion is pretty damn reasonable
I don't understand why the UK is so low
The tickeet does not match my plans at all!
There's no way of knowing exactly
No need to worry, they will make a new budget.
Why is it not just a direct translation
And around 10'ish mil
" back at him
Wind energy can generate a lot of electricity but is unreliable.
I love towns that are old enough to be a part of the landscape rather than looking like something that has quite clearly been added to the landscape
I think it's an old person thing
Definitely not
Then Trump is declaring trade war on EU
* They have a complete breakdown of the sources of emission as well if you're interested
Only difference is lack of tobacco, and legality in the EU
If you're used to just talking to random strangers on the bus etc.
To change the politicians' minds, you need to change the minds of the people who vote for those politicians
When your friends are being dumbasses it is your duty to let them know they are being dumb
But isn't there only 51 cards in that one
English isnt from germanic
> I’d actually really like go to Eastern Europe sometime if I get the chance
I am just fond of Austria
No issue understanding swedish tbh
How does it work plot-wise
You create great basketball players, which get noticed
It doesn't get better by us using it on reddit.
So basically they are pro life but also in favour of killing people..
longest span in the world (China and Japan both have a bridge with a longer span).
As long as you don't try that "legitimate empire" thing again, you can call yourself holy and roman all you want
It's still not perfect though
Though true, that's also the case for cities like Hamburg or Köln
Godt at i kunne få noget regn :)
Rasmus Paludan
So just because you don't see many "extra deaths" overall doesn't mean that Covid didn't kill a lot of people, it may simply be that we've prevented a lot of "normal" deaths at the same time
1 Absent
We do have 'Nederlandene', but it is *never* used.
The common flu today isn't life threatening except in exceptional circumstances
this country is so small
Sweden for a lot of things, we're quite living in the shadow as they're twice the population and many times the size
it doesnt matter with toilet paper or dish soap for me
I moved out of my parents' at 18 (never moved back in) and only changed my official address when I was 25 or so, so for all purposes I was still living with my parents
Being so close to Sweden, Nordsjælland gets slighter colder than the rest of the country (except Vendsyssel)
/r/AskEurope has reached 50 000 members
They, though less populous, have certainly exerted a large influence upon the region
I remember a few times when Danish Zoos would have to kill an animal for some reason and would do it publicly
Edit: as u/Applepieoverdose correctly pointed out Edinburgh is most definetly a Capital it
We just spell it Mortensaften
Edit: Bonfire
I would actually say our recent election was quite refreshing
I dunno why, but you give me this urge to stuff you into a freezerbox and silence you for the world
It had all the detail that earlier styles did, but with a very distinctive style, whereas modernism was more of a reaction against the very idea of detailed construction ("a house is a machine for living in")
And fun fact, in Denmark we currently have a late night show who does a televisef christmas show with a new episode each day (traditionally called a televised christmas calendar)
Anyway, I hope it doesn’t get too bad in Sweden or Denmark (or anywhere else)
I - You(plural)
Denmark, I realy should get one of those flags
Only around 500 million people tho
I've actually encountered it a lot
Are you sure it would cost more to transfer to you?
On the last day of public school, before the exams, we go around the school in costumes with bags of toffees and throw them to the others
WHAT DID THE ROMANS EVER DO FOR US
This was a problem after WW2 because the Danish government refused to borrow money for the large development needed.
West, south and central Zealand has its own distinctive dialect as well (in the northeastern part, its really just standard danish)
For specifically the kids and families that have to deal with indre-missionske
**Beslutning om Grønlands selvstændighed træffes af det grønlandske folk
I've seen code written in danish, with danish documentation, danish code comments
Havde sgu ikke forventet jeg jeg skulle se et af dine post da jeg åbnede Reddit
That is what I well like by danish
As a general rule, (Western) Europe is expensive.
They also cost the government a ton of money, which affects me by proxy, but...
"Torbjørn Olsen denies EVERYTHING"
Every thread I have read turns into the same argument.
Isn't that true for the rest of the party as well though?
000
Fuck that noise
How would you know that they're asking you what you do for a living?
I do not live in a city or town just on a farm, which makes it walkable at no night but there is nothing to see out here in west Jutland
Danish/German border isn't that far from the original
That hatred is still in me, but it's targted at Neo-Nazis and not Germans
For them a designated bike path is like a leisurely trail, where you can stop up to gawk at a map or maybe have a sip of water
It's not as bad as some people make it out to be, but McD and their kind is close to being the default option.
University of southern Denmark as well have some capabilities, but I think AU & KU have more to offer
Taking the statue all the way to Shanghai for an expo was a diplomatic mission on behalf of Aquatic Danes
I just followed your tag lol
I dont think it is likely, but it is the most likely possibility
Exposure matters a ton
Yes, a wallpaper could be "hyggelig", but not anything can be "hyggelig".
'No'
What they did was clearly illegal, and they were shut down for it.
you are the musquito about to prick EUs skin, Same EU is able to crush your very being.
You seem to have made an error with the border of Crimea, buddy
It just is held in DKK instead of Euro, Dollar or whatever else you can think of.
I like that there's no apparent national borders and only some text legend, it gives it a more exploratory feel (If that makes sense
Aalborg: student city, Jomfru Ane Gade(party street), carnival, the Paris of the north
Going to [The Gathering] in Hamar with a bunch of friends in (I think) 1997
We have 1 'baltic' store
I suppose if history books are given the same value as whatever someone writes online, because it is "just something someone wrote" it is quite scarily easy to believe that this is happening
The name is originally from the Donald Duck cartoons, but has spread to be used in general for places far far away
I could be wrong, though
Of course not that'd be silly
I've been dus with every politician I've ever met (I met quite a few when I worked in broadcast media), and if I were to meet with the current or former PM and/or some of the ministers I'd be dus with them too
That's what they say but its not what they do.
Taking the bike anywhere is a nightmare and I'm sure my fingers will fall off on my way home
Norway exporting hydro-power means that other countries can decarbonize their electricity generation
We have unfortunately seen more and more cats from the wild coming into facilities due to there being no law to prevent people from dumping kittens
Thats the exact same in Danish
Believe it or not, I know someone who named their newborn kid Ilie a few years ago
How so
½1234567890+ ’
There is no clear evidence of a population reduction prior to the Germanic settlement, and we can see from genetic evidence that Celtic (or more properly, 'pre-Germanic') DNA constitutes a large part of English genetic heritage
Laudrup
And while that is a lot, it is not a one trick pony.
Increasing you consulate presence eightfold in Greenland after realizing a straight up "sale" is a non-option is a fifth
Also, we keep losing actors to Hollywood(even if they return once in a while to do movies here sometimes) like Mads Mikkelsen and Nicolai Coster-Waldau.
Trains around Copenhagen and a single line to Germany is electrified.
It can really create some confusion when you use the term across borders, because the different systems have very different ideas of what a gymnasium is
We're moving to Ireland
I know Brits love a good challenge, and to make the impossible possible.
The more left wing parties would partially agree with point 3 but you take it too far.
I have no idea what we call pickles in Danish, apparently
And usually I joke about it, and say that I had to leave Germany because I don’t like beer
We have a "Health card" with name, address, cpr-number (central person registration-number
It's not the middle ages anymore
They have/had a clear target and was fighting for a clear thing.
if that counts
I think most politicans vote for themselves
I only read Russia Today and the Moscow Times because I despise propaganda.
We know the feel, Sometimes they just print Danish and Norwegian in the same text
Similarly to how a lot of Italians and Frenchmen and Spaniards are really proud of their cuisine, just turned up to a ten
By starving the people in Ukraine
Yeah, there are problems in many countries
We only use it to heat up clothing, but it doesn't get used for much else, so we do use the fireplace for heating, since it has worked since we moved into this house
Cliff Richard
Well first of europe doesn't have direct access to equator which would pressent a problem.
I think I read that we "beat" them (yay
Well, it does come from the greek gymnós (meaning naked
Sweden has never ruled Denmark
One year we went abroad 5 times, 1 trip to Germany and 4 to sweden
It's not empty forming, and the bikes will go through you rather than around
I think i'll be fine
Ahh, gode gamle tv2
That is not illegitimate
Of course life can be busy from time to time, but rarely so I miss sleep and food
Since 1900, there has only been 9 white Christmases (more than 90% of the country covered in snow)
But expressing that you are religious is definitely weirder than expressing that you're an atheist
I feel like a person who wants citizenship should speak the local language at least relatively fluently
Except for perhaps the trade negotiations which certainly improves all of our chances to get free trade agreements on an international level
It is a Danish way of saying "Durchslag" - which in German means something like "through-hit".
I had a friend who went to Afghanistan, and he was often part of a group that went out and used a metal detector and other equipment to scan for IEDs
And then we build the most frustrating, long winded route for bicycles a few years later
Denmark is a socialist country
The Letters is a way to make counting votes easier if parties have similar sounding names its, counting is faster when votes go to A and B than when they go to Socialdemokratiet and Radikale Venstre
There's still a lot binding most European countries together.
Because they would obviously be heir to monarchies, therefore creating a personal union
Denmark started its house insulation, small cars, wind mill country policies before many other European countries.
The generations where dialects were incomprehensible, and learning "Danish of the Realm" was a necessity for, let's say, Southern Jutes, or people from Bornholm, are reaching at least pensioner's age, and even then, it's very likely that those from that generation don't speak with a pronounced dialect
Truth brother, but Sjælland is really weird as well
I learned "Tomorrow belongs to me" once when I was in a local production of Cabaret
Unfortunately not, I'd maybe remember that it's a combination of 'selv' (self) and 'følge' (follow) and 'lig' (equal (to) or corpse) and then spell those three separately
Definitely a banger
So we're just going to pretend their nationality, culture, religion, their videos swearing loyalty to ISIS, ISIS claiming responsibility etc.
What do you call it
They are benefiting a lot from being members.
No different than a T, a N or whatever.
because the different disposable incomes in our countries
For Iceland its the Edda, written in the 13th century
I feel like we have a surprising amount of soda producers considering how small a nation we are
Why
And even that  pretty much just in winter
I have lived roughly 1/3 of my life in the town I was born, 1/3 in Copenhagen and 1/3 where I live now
For atheists atheism is not "atheism vs.
I hear Europe needs a new English speaking country...
It's just part of a normal upbringing
What is the most unique landscape you have near where you live
Did you stop reading my comment after the first sentence and then type out your response?
We don't deal with it, more like suffer through it
I respect that
hmm that's weird
In Danish "spanioler" is kind of derogative and/or old
It's accomplishments are far between however.
I despise Sprite, love Faxe Kondi
It's a bunch of songs, then a "How do I find my Iphone", "How do I look", "How do I find my Steam ID" and "How do I update my drivers".
Aw, I was hoping for a price chart of black market organs
Jungledyret Hugo 2 - den store filmhelt (Hugo: The Movie Star - the American version is censored)
Its extra spiked
Copenhagen were some sommers it's impossible to even walk on the streets in some areas,
That was basically the first thing they decided and one of the main things behind the wish to have self-government
While the relationship between positive and negative then indicate how well they like that country
Tom Holland covers this in his book Dominion, but "Judaism" as separated from "the Jewish race" weren't separate concepts until the last few centuries
mjah some of it is just that government build housing often is really poorly designed.
10, Denmark
They're like holes, but reverse
It’s traditionally the area which one barrel of seeds would cover
Traveling is both extremely common, and generally seen as a positive thing in Europe.
Depends on your dialect
Actually skype was a collaboration that was invented by both Niklas Zennström, from Sweden, and Janus Friis, from Denmark
Haha
Africas population is expected to double by 2050 couple that with global warming and you have a disaster (both for us and them) in sight.
This is usually accompanied by someone on the drums (or something else that makes noise) so the classes can hear when we are coming
“Hard” when it comes to languages is basically just code word for “my native language doesn’t have it or anything similar to it”. How hard a language is depends a lot on your native language
Debt is uncommon as they live in rented houses/apartments, unless they made loans which can get unbelieveably expensive here (700-800% APRC)
I just brought up an example of a "bad" immigrant/refugee, and used him as an inspiration to my example higher up, which was me trying to illustrate that there's a difference between muslims, and that you shouldn't judge all muslims by the actions of the "bad" ones.
Much like mandatory minimums stopped crime in the US?
Me & My
"Nothing comes easy" is wrong, because investing is very easy, "nothing comes fast" is the actual truth
I mean sure, but most the sources I found weren't danish, but sources like WHO etc
Humidity is a helluva drug
On our last night it rains heavely and our tent gets flood
No, this is incorrect
it's fucking 2020
But you will get to see beautiful spring in April and May
Bothered know which influence it has on our individuel worldview, that we perceive language so different from each other
Some do and some don’t
Dane
Hitler loved scandinavians for our blond hair and blue eyes, Himmler also had a huge hard on for Norse mythology.
He is in general liked and does well with everyone, but in reality he doesn't really enjoy the company
Do you mean under 18
More than I can list
Permanently, probably not
The first one i thought of was [Christian 10
There are many homeless romas in my area and they often go into our courtyard to roam through our garbage if the main gate isn’t shut
So why question the difference between a pole moving to Western Europe and MENA migrants?
The one you usually find here is the [Raadvad model] They are indestructible and are found in every holiday home, our holiday home came with one already in the drawer
Pretty sure it’ll be over relatively fast
Source on that "17-times more" statement?
The EU is basically just greater Serbia, all the institutions will of course be moved to Belgrade.
When you say they "still" use peat, it sounds like it's out of necessity, whereas it's the whole point of Islay whisky, that it has those peaty flavours
I interact with a lot of eastern european truck drivers (mainly romanian, latvian, lithuanian and bulgarian people) so russian would be great for me
He apparently found it very inspirational
Is that actually a Swedish "thing" though or is it simply like jokingly saying "De nada", "No problem", "No problemo", "kein problem" or whatever to someone who said thanks
The trip was amazing - sleeping in an ice hotel, riding snow scooters etc
Imagine if Europe or the US housed as many refugees as we've killed over the years.
My mind just can't let that "islands have water all around" go away
Both can be wrong but both can't be right.
Basically, the i-form is used for when you're already in position
Do you have any sources I could see
Almost nothing happened in Denmark
Stop stealing our words
(Folketing is the Danish name for our parliament)
That's the wheat beer pour
That means that statistically, there's only a white Christmas in Denmark every 13 years, locally every 5 years
In danish you can’t call the animal that live in the middle east for a camel
Swedish Pediatric Society (they outright call for a ban)
I think that this allows for a slow but steady march towards a better country.
I understand that there is evidence to support both sides but from a US perspective is certainly wouldn't make sense to publicly confirm that they did in fact play a role in the Afghan civil war
Also the school did quite I bit
500 needs to be considered in the context that in total population of Denmark in '51 was 4,3 mio
We’d gladly pay
Amazing how much Putin seems to have aged from 2000 till 2005
At weekend nights it can be at the supermarket or public transport
Yes that would have been better, but they couldn't because of Security Council vetos from, guess who
that's almost the worst part of this article
and in my comment i wasnt talking about people actually living in the country where they speak with that accent, i meant people who had been in England/Australia once on vacation, and now think they can pull the accent off flawlessly
We don't want to trade American Hegemony for German/Franco one
Which, after going to one, I learned that it indeed was
The Danish parliament did discuss the situation today.
You've got sand, maybe mud, water, dirt etc, in your shoes and you just carry it around in your home
Sounds horrible
Hahah, thats true, some people I know both smoke and take snus
Margrete Auken (Socialistisk Folkeparti) (YES/NO)
I think after Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign there has been a general need to explain that Denmark, nor any other of the Nordic countries, are, by even the most revisionist or utopian definitions of the term, "socialist". Explaining how the extensive Nordic welfare model is spearheaded by liberals, conservatives, and socialists alike, is always fun
Bold of you to assume there's even going to be any sort of human populace in 100 years ;)
Right until your brakes give out
There was a Guardian article recently where Denmark came out as the least feminist nation in the world because it had the least self-identifying feminists
I honnestly think most people don't even realize you could do it
Overall it's fine
I’VE SEEN THESE GEESE
Towards who
The torries backed the remain side in the refurendum, you should know this.
In Denmark, and from what I gather also most of the civilized world, circumcision of female children is already illegal
I am being downvoted because only THE MOST extreme opinions are accepted here
Lolland is worse
In 1933 the Danish State minister Thorvald Stauning invited his political competitors and colleges, to his home, to negotiate plans to solve the financial crisis, after many ours of failed negotiations, the politicians where about to leave but Stauning invited them to stay for a glass of whiskey, and they manage to find a solution and the liberal partys agreed not stand in the way of the socialistic methods
And Swedish is my least favorite
I didn't vote for the current government and they will sit there for at least 3 more years until we find out if people liked their handling of the crisis or not at the voting booth
I was once at someone's house and they had an ice cube maker and water dispenser build into the fridge, American style, and I nearly fainted
In fact, many of them want to relieve taxes from working people, meaning they have more money and running a business overall becomes cheaper, you could argue that is pro-labour
Yeah, it's freezing literally only in northern Scandinavia and central Iceland
Such a bummer that we can’t go to Denmark, yet the vikings in england were danish
Poison is something you take, not to be it (married)
As a Jyde who lived in Copenhagen and the surrounding area for about 8 years, I don't disagree  with love of course, but damn I've met some snobbish cunts
I can still imagine her waving to random people across the intersection when biking around town, thinking that they waved to her first
Stormen der udrydder den ynkelige lille ting du kalder dit liv
You know Trump and DF have one thing in common, they like projecting their own flaws onto others.
Practically everyone in Denmark is on a first name basis, up to and including the prime minister
Makes sense
Rundetårn I like - it's a good way to see the city, plus the building is interesting
I think i'll be fine
Next time Indian states and the western Hemisphere.
These are MY personal contributions
The 'Venstre' (left) in "Radikale Venstre" refers to the major center/right party "Venstre", and not left as in left wing- they are a centrist social liberal party
Prank ringing doorbells in the middle of the night
I've never had the same problem when I've been in Portugal, Greece etc
I like my chances
I'm surprised he told everyone about our secret  numbering system
Soulless and depressing
That allows me to do business with ~80% of the world’s population
I'm tired of so-called news media coming with bombastic ideological proclamations
I don't think most people would even know what it is
I was really impressed with the city planning but that’s another subject
I use hæveautomat as well, Copenhagen?
Denmark is expected to send about 26 billion kroner (3
Try to create a divide in society and try to play some kind of white nationalism and supremacism.
These are the people Charlemagne was mean to
He apparently called himself Leaf at one point
Centrum = Sentrum
It's a beautiful song, but sadly was very popular with neo groups soon after it was published
Im assuming since this is denmark and no the US, that there will be an economic net to catch them, but its still a tradegy all around
Your language is so big and useful in many countries of the world.
But, to be fair, having lived in Copenhagen for seven years now, I can comfortably say I've met more native Copenhageners who never set a foot on Jylland or Fyn (nor do they ever want to), than I have those who have been there
Also Norwegianizing loan words
Americans would rather fund another clusterfuck of a desertwar
if I want a new experience
We’ll never truly trust them
We're all native Danes, but have languages taught to us in school
> But but but, my dank memes
Certainly and their time would probably be managed even better if they did not have to do unimportant things like that.
When danish people insult swedish people, they call them "swede".
Yes
* Finish 30 beers all by yourself in 24 hours - cut a square in the sweatband
I might be biased as I live here, but I would consider moving the capital to Odense
People from "provincial" areas would take on almost mocking dialects (think Fritz and Poul from _Rytteriet_) in order to not be called out as "less".
It's an enormous investment for many countries
What is it then
It was mostly France, that prevented us from getting Scania back, though
Yeah I think the NL had the right idea, though a single national flag might be good just for ease of identification, and then an EU flag for commeradery
You'll have to ask a Finn about that :)
Technically not a country "beside my own", being a part of my own, but I dislike it when people mock Greenland and Greenlanders because of their problems with alcoholism and high suicide rates
You guys actually had me going there for a moment
To think how far we have come from wars to this
Remember to drink a lot of water and eat an ice cream every now and then, you probably deserve it
Calling him a misogynist and a racist for whatever reason, just because it's the trendy thing to say atm.
Let it be a recipe, word meaning, etc
Your own link does not support your assertion
Some where adopted, but most stayed in the orphanage
He was also member of the delegation that travelled around the Middle East to bash on Denmark
Implying anyone in EE is falling for this fear mongering about Russia, nobody here believes there's any serious chance of that happening.
It certainly can't hurt
I mainly use Netto and Fakta though, not sure where there's constant sales going on
But Legoland
By saying we hate Sweden, we also half make fun of those people
Everybody knows, and knew, that Norway was an independent kingdom in the past, besides which, as I said, Norway under Denmark *was its own country*, just not a sovereign one
I would move the hell away if I saw that
I go on shopping trips to Germany all of the time, sometimes Sweden, and we have a house in France, so we often drive there during the summer holiday.
Do we understand it in an Utopian way, as a lesser defined "free and equal society"? Or how do we understand it
Everybody is saying either Lapland or Finland
We just insist that every little inbred city has it own unique accent nobody really understands
On a weekday completely walkable
We have J-day (short for Christmas Day) and P-day (short for Easter Day)
All of our houses are bricks
Liquor is a  spirit drink which is generally a "plain" base, e.g. vodka or rum
Also in Copenhagen we have different Universities for different fields and they are regarded as equal
This picture is the personification of China's power in the coming future
I think an important addition here is that, while the Jews were not perceived as being local by most locals, many Jews did view themselves as European
The first two rulers of the Kievan Rus, Rurik and Igor, both have Norse names (Rurik is from Old Norse Hrǿríkr, while Igor is a Slavic rendition of the name Ingvar
It is only a Latvian artist singing in Russian
Handball is very important
One of the mandary school bike trips I mention took place in kindergarten where we were around 6 years old
Edit:
Turns out Portugese and Australian has more in common than I first would've imagined
Lemvig: penis Bay
It also really depends on what you are studying
We're number one, we're number one, we're number one
The rule that foreigners cannot own cottages is well known and widely supported in Denmark.
it's important to note that the war in Denmark, wasn't anything near what it was in Poland
The fact that eastern europe is poor doesn't really disprove that though?
nono Danes likes Finns, tolerate Norwegians and doesn't like the Swedes
You're soda is much better than the stuff we get here in Europe, corn syrup just have that satisfying taste to it
That's awesome
This isn’t really unique to me either apparently, and it really sucks
I don't think there that many in Denmark, any there are/were here would probably be lumped into the same ehm...
He did sing it in Latvian at Eirodziesma 2009
I work in IT, so it's bordering between a really well known foreign language and a second mother tongue.
&#x200B;
It can lead to funny misunderstandings
That officially happened 2 years later in 2008.
could take a while though
Eggs from the store have a practically squeaky clean texture compared to the homegrown eggs I've been eating lately, which have a more rough shell texture
and one where there's not even a difference in spelling, simply in pronunciation
In Spanish there are at least some general guidelines, same with German, where we learned that most fruits were female for instance
Hehe there are surprisingly few farmers and fishermen anywhere these days.
>I doubt the Jutes considered themselves "Danes" by 950
Restore the Austro-Hungarian empire
It also doesn't mean Russia is going to attack a NATO country.
Wasn’t in Europe but Vietnam
I am pretty sure you would be able to teach math at universities in Denmark, at least bachelor level.
Well, looks like an afternoon of Epic Rap Battles, mixed with a healthy dose of Dan Bull
How is toxic a Persian loanword
A lot of people in Europe are very negative towards immigration
Well why shouldn't you have to go through an immigration process?
I've given up meat
Sure, it is probably more accurate saying Dane-, Svea-, Roslagen-, and Göte-vikings, and the word Viking may come from the Viking town Viken, but Viking is a word for the group of people from Scandinavia.
I have accidentally made it a habit
Dylan and Angus are also names from mythology, the same goes for Alexander and basically every biblical name
Many of the kids from the experiment died young and the once that did not were left with severe emotional trauma
Praktisch
We have a similar word in Danish: "Udlængsel", which is a combined word from "ud" and "længsel" meaning "out" and "longing".
Danish and Norwegian
a) A majority in the parliament
I think a lot of progressives, particularly federalist progressives, have this notion that we all ought to get along, that the differences between our nations are really inconsequential
What do I keep from them that would *really* hurt
Or an old one
I like this lol
Yes, I watch German news because it is important to me
I get that with more people there's bound to be more crime, but it's become normal that whenever we hear about something crazy that happened in Denmark, we say: let me guess
I thought the german noble was thrown out and replaced with a Danish prince, whose line continued (with a break) until you removed monarchy for good
However, in Danish it would be 'Smør, brød og ost', so not quite close.
Czech legal gun owner's message to the world
Încă nu am vizitat castelul, dar vreau să merge inainte devine Bran doi
Depending on the part of Copenhagen that you want to live in, you can either get an about 45 sqm apartment, or about 100 sqm near the outer edges of the capitol area
Then they're clearly not universal human rights in the first place.
All worldly rulers must also know that with the power God gave them in this world, he also assigned them to guard his holy church against all demands
You just need to get a bit closer but once you are within reach
Sweden's military has been involved in Afghanistan and Kosovo alongside NATO
(on a serious note, probably ticks
On that day alone i had two occasions
Also used to and use to
When I'm in the office it's roughly a 45-minute drive on main roads
besides the recipe changes from family to family
You should definitely x-post this to /r/copenhagen
That entirely depends on the politician.
If they don't want to get hurt, they should just get out of the way.
It's less stable
Energinet (the company in charge of the electrical grid) have a nice live display of how the grid looks
Thanks for the link
You defended to original statement
BAM
I hope the west soon will learn that nothing good comes from disposing of foreign governments
Just wondering if I dare start booking for this summer - or if Europe will still be more or less closed
Armenia is in Asia/Middle&East and culture of its people is close to other middle eastern countries
But not when I as a European is trying to make the point that it is pathetic to wallow in the misery of others
- [Proto-Germanic] "*austrą" > [Old High German] "ōst" -> the province Ostarrîchi/Austria
> place looks a bit old or a bit shabby or cutre (given that it's not completely disgusting ofc)
Pork roast vs duck on Christmas is also big, although many do both
One related phenomenon in Denmark is that people don't want to use communal showers as much as before
>If you don’t want these labels associated with your party, then you will have to convince racists to stop supporting your party
He lost the leg but went back and witnessed the reunification of southern jylland following the war
There's also an additional legend that says that the German men who followed Ebbesen and his men as they fled the city, haunt a local bridge
No, France was a Swedish ally, but still decided the peace treaties at the time, and Denmark was every time not allowed to keep Scania or at least the places under Danish control
I don't really know if we have a proper direct translation of police officer though
lmao /r/rareinsults
About fucking time
Brexit: "let's ditch our single biggest trading partner in an unrealistic timeframe in an incredible act of self-harm."
I like-a it-a veryy mucha
What are 'regulators'? What is this political topic
these days, david attenborough only narrates
I don't know about the rest of Denmark but in my city we always say "the bridge was up" as well
Last year my girlfriend and I went to Hungary, Slovakia, Austria, the Czezh Republic and Germany for a few weeks and it was definitely way cheaper to just hop on buses (we used Flixbus and RegioJet) instead of getting an Interrail Pass
No, you don't have to pay back anything
Denmark trounced Sweden like 50 times between the late 13th century and the early 16th century
did they resurrect an enemy combatant?
Governments have basically no say in economy, that's why they became a theater.
Morten Helveg Petersen (Radikale Venstre) (NO/YES)
Thanks for sharing
Is that why you left out most of our Islands
You are not weird
If this is to prove a point, the critics will just use it to portray how unrealistic the European unionists are
I think they’re the same
Ryan Air doesn't fly that route anymore so prices have gone up again..
I’m not an expert on lolland
I do also have the privilege that years of listening to people learn danish, has made me quite good at picking up on what people want to say, rather than what they are actually saying
fra [Loven om Grønlands Selvstyre af 2009]
There's a pretty good argument to be made that the charges against him are no basis for extradition
Why wouldn't Jeb be a winner
I think that's because it doesn't mean as much as it's a foreign word and therefore not as 'potent' - it's been very well adapted and adopted, but it's still not as ingrained, so, therefore, doesn't carry the same weight
What the hell is that supposed to mean 7-7
Some months ago, at an award show, a popular TV-host from our national broadcasting channel named Sofie Linde gave a speech where she revealed that a powerful colleague/boss at the channel had threatened her to *ruin her f-ing career if she didn’t suck his dick
I've literally never heard this phrase
In fact, it comes from a contraction, which is kind of weird
Copenhagen got its name in the middle ages
When they speak, almost all the time, it takes are VERY long time to get rid of an accent, and they are rarely similar to the native English accents
>3) It's less harmful than tobacco and alcohol, which are perfectly legal instead
Largest producer of insulin (pretty good quality, too)
In the 10 or so years I’ve been taking the morning and afternoon bus for school, this is exactly what I’ve experienced with no exceptions
Lovely Italy
There is 3 downsides to that for the EU.
Yuri from RA2 :O
We’re probably the biggest Kingdom considering Greenland and Faroe Islands
+2°C is impossible
In the word "hvis" we don't pronounce the "h". There are several other examples of this occurrence
Lots of people buying into the USA neocon driven agenda of setting up Russia as the ultimate bad guys
And these are the people who actually run the day to day shit in these places.
It is getting more Common
I thought it was revolutions
So you sit there and watch The Terminator and Arnold says: "I'll be back
Spent a week training on a specific type of [Digital] software, with participants from all over the world
My ex was Finnish, we broke up because she was so depressed all the time
It clearly depends on which source you look at then, ecauee just by a quick google i found several sources (most governmental or NGOs) that claims the Danish tap water is amongst the best in the world :)
Also, Christianity was a subject
[please don't link directly to Google]
Maybe they are the exception though, I don’t know
No mountains, so no real seasonal fluctuations in waterlevels from melting snow, and the streams that do exist are too shallow to allow ocean going vessels under power to navigate them
People do use them interchangeably, but that's honestly pretty infuriating
No, usually, the question is "What do you guys think about America".
Gå ud og leg på motorvejen - Go and play on the highway
You are describing a Danish porn movie
Only a small, particulary pedantic subset of people would claim that it isn't. But for some reason, that subset it bigger when the discussion relates to healthcare
There are so many places where money could be better spent than on high-speed rail
Bush had 4% support from Danes.
Our tax authorities managed to lose track of roughly 100 billion DKK in tax revenue a while back
They actually call themselves the **Democratic People's** Republic of Korea
And yet people spew it like gospel
Sikke en god og sjov idé du har fået OP
Then I come back out at 3 at the earliest and go get a Döner or a pizza-slice
Unification happened in the 800s, which makes us at least 1100 years old
And what is the general consensus in Scotland - do people seem to bother
They've done it before in East Timor and southern sudan etc so why not in Crimea?
I know a couple of lines of the anthem of Sweden, Norway, Germany and Great Britain
You can't even see Denmark and Germany.
The only thing that bugs me at all about Thule (Technically Greenland, not Denmark, I'm well aware) is the way it was "agreed" upon.
Reminds me of Wienerbrød (Viennabread), only we call it that apparently, everywhere else it's a Danish
Why has our world come to this
I guess i meant that Brexit is a reminder of what happens when you initiate the process of leaving and populism is no longer able to veil the facts.
That the country is a bit too small in size and population
Anyone with the same advantages would be hard to invade.
I think at most some universities have stereotypes associated with them - Like I went to RUC for example, so I've gotten a lot of "hippie jokes" throughout the years
Very Harry Potter
and they're still a member of nato
I just checked and prices vary depending on when you wish to travel
Our time as a colonial power?
How do you open cans then
Dude, Norway has $900.000.000.000 in their "national pension".
AK-47’s Maybe ?
Noooo
You just want to rub it in, how many wars and landmass we’ve lost
I vote for the [Danish Social Liberal Party]
o.O
[She's got a love for hotdogs as well]
This heat makes me want to drive off a cliff
Pretty boring, but quite safe
I only hate it ‘cause it’s true
If you contact an embassy for visa or other things you aren't expected to speak their native language either (unless it's an english speaking countries embassy)
And very rude to simply take other peoples without asking, which is what we're talking about here
However, immigrants skew both younger and poorer than native Danes, which both correlates with how likely you are to commit a crime.
So one that isn't swearing: In Danish jeg er ligeglad, litteraly translated means I'm equally happy
Rasmus Paludan
My parents called me (name)"-Chen", which I guess is more German tradition, than danish
You should also check out the movie [Hotel Rwanda] about a hotel manager getting caught up in the genocide
Don't forget there where the whole burning people alive because they might be witches
Jeg synes for fanden / fandens også er ved at blive gammeldags
French voters will probably not be so happy, when consumer prices starts rising 4-5% pa.
Look and learn Evergreen, look at learn
Who do you pay to dodge it
The Danish army is waiting for the ID controls at the Oresund bridge to end.
Jesus no
I'd imagine Bornholm would've been given to sweden though
It’s not that weird in our language, but for the English speakers, it’s somewhat funny :)
You can't just randomly capitalize letters in the middle of a name or word, 'tis not done.
what a life
That could work, sure - the US proves as much
Denmark lost two fifth of its territory to Prussia in a devastating war, with the bloodiest battle in Danish history being the one fought at Dybbøl during the war
In many other countries it seems like three times a week is not uncommon
It's not some respect thing or symbolic or whatever.
Personally I wouldn't be in favor, although I like Australia very much.
Dane Axes specifically, for a proper Viking-fight
Apart from that it’s probably some US plate
Pretty insane to think this is going on in Europe.
Or will your parents not let you?
Most likely there just hasn't been a Macedonian around before.
Authoritarianism can return, whether or not we have the EU.
After 1953 Denmark no longer had any external territories as Greenland with the implementation of the constitution was incorporated into Denmark (some one hundred years later than the Faroe Islands)
Oh dear god a horrible translation of the Danish "Folketing".
Her argument for Denmark to stop fighting ISIS was Trump had made statements that she as a female did not want to support.
It's the same with words for medical conditions.
Even simple signs and stuff can be understood if you've got a bit of "talent" when it comes to foreign languages
That's a bit odd honestly, what exactly do those two movements have in common besides the word 'independence'?
Like I said, we tend to answer honestly and bluntly if people bring it up here in Denmark.
The order is probably: Danish > Scandinavian / Nordic > Northern European > European
If I can't overdose on calcium from my water, why even drink it
Hell, that album is even recorded in Copenhagen
I think most of my fellow Danes are perfectly fine with ignoring, and being ignored by, the outside world
We have a territorial dispute with Canada
A celebrity athlete might have a great skillset that cannot easily be replaced and also create lots of money for the owner which is why they can demand the pay they do
Yeah ... For a week in February if we're lucky
Windmills
Fairly certain others have posted it, but to paraphrase that Indian investor: STOP BAILING OUT FAILING COMPANIES
Imagine the amount of water that'd suddenly come rushing in towards the low lying areas we wanted to protect in the first place
“Zuka
Anyone remember the Tourette's Guy
Especially the differences in the earlier hunter-gatherer society and the agrarian society
But to me it does make a certain degree of sense that having less people means less people to get infected and less people needing hospital beds
Could have been in Denmark
Ironically - Dictators have to try and keep their internal popularity up
During the great recession a lot of danes started to become very price conscious and so a lot of traditional supermarkets were converted into "discount supermarkets" where the products were significantly cheaper but of inferior quality.
I'm sure the portuguese embassy staff know english.
More "fun" terms are: "det lille hus" (the small house), "potten" (the pot), "tronen" (the throne), and then a bunch of crude terms for what you actually do out there ;)
I run into it almost weekly
> Ich gehe mal zur Schule
We should replace every 3rd woman's birth control with vitamin pills.
Men det er i hvert fald ikke en stereotyp i Østjylland
You don't "choose to move on from the controversy" that's not how controversy works, it doesn't stop when you decide you no longer want it
Mostly Handball, but that's only because we are world champions, and really good at it
I can't really put it in short
UK leaves the EU, but continue to pay membership fees they left over.
> It can join the Faroes
Surely, the prices would go down, if no one wants to pay the money.
[This] is how speed limit signs look in every country I've been in (colours might change)
But most Danes speak English very well
I like the music notes it really indicates how you sing instead of speak.
This happened with the accept of the local Inuit leadership on Greenland and it was so attractive that more well-off Inuit families made sure to have their children enrolled in the Red Cross program
I texted a swedish family member actually
First floor is the one above it
They had never felt cold in all their years living in Greenland, where it gets stupid cold but is at least dry, but often froze their ass off in Denmark where it's not as cold and humid
My favourite example of how bad planning in Brussels can be was from the road in front of one of my classmate's house, within two years they tore up and repaved their road three times; once to lay down new gas lines, another to lay down new electricity lines and a third to put down new water pipes, while each time took months to do the job
; we need to be a little nuanced as well)
although it's the wrong image in Denmark (we are partial to the Kaj the Frog-Fi)
Volapyk*
If you guys continue that stuff you’ll be very important going forward
You can come to Denmark from a EU country and work very little and suddenly become eligible for a lot of welfare, because of the same reasons, for example
Because of this he doesn’t reply to the shouting of my mate, so he opens fire
Talk about demonizing
The whole system is fucked, has been fucked for decades, and will be fucked for decades to come
This means that if workers are paid an amount equivalent to their average product, there would be no revenue left and thus the workers cannot enjoy the fruits of their own labours meaning the difference between what is made and what that amount can purchase cannot be justified by redistribution according to their needs
They all live in Northern Europe, but there isn't actually one big group of Northern Europeans.
I have never heard any of those 😮
Bicycle Buddies Friendship Club = abolished
Yea
One related phenomenon in Denmark is that people don't want to use communal showers as much as before
Thanks
I dont recall the model
Yeah, it's a bit unfortunate
Their role was to pick up agents and/or weapons dropped via parachute by the RAF and distribute them to the various sabotage groups in the country
The reason being its central position
Fucking Germans
Of course you should wait for an investigation to conclude anything.
In Denmark it's definently Lolland-Falster
Exactly, but that is only done to fool the Germans
Guess we'll find out in 9 days
Honestly, English teachers in Denmark have the easiest job in the world :)
Then I began making walking part of my daily rutines, so instead of taking the bus, I'd leave earlier and walk for excersise
Yeah
as a dane i am offend that germany owns holstein
But to me, they Do have a bit of a similar feel
There is also the "puttefest" - "hazing" rituals for entering high school
We're as conservative and change averse with grammar and spelling as we've been idgaf with pronunciation, it's an odd combo
We play more with textures than colours, which are black, navy and white/grey.
Europe has meddled enough around in Africa.
Blow whistles at prime minister.
Do you know which countries had those remakes, and what they're called there
Or as the Norwegians call it “the 400 years night”.
maybe denmark is different, but i dont think ive ever heard or read anyone complain about croatia joining and the negativity about romania and bulgaria has gone away too.
By that logic Danes should have a say whether or not Scania should return to Denmark ?
I'm kinda split in all these comments, there's a difference in culture at a "family party" and a "I'm gonna get smashed party"
We've used Teams from the get-go but I'm back in physical school now
> Fuck them all
There are accidents too often
The reason it is discriminating against women is that it assumes that women can't get the job unless they seriously handicap men
Watching the programme, it seems like every field in the UK is chock-a-block with Samian ware and tesserae
Up until 1989, there was only one Danish TV channel, so Swedish and German TV was quite prevalent in many parts of Denmark.
8 mil
Globalism: Global networks and interconnections particularly in trade and politics
Same for Danish - and there's no similarity with how the letter a is pronounced (the vowel sound in "cat" in Danish and the vowel sound in "car" in Norwegian)
And McDonalds, and Coca Cola
Animated movie based on a comic series about Nordic Mythology
Nah, he is talking about [antifascistische aktion] which was established in 1932 by the german communist party
is the older way of saying it
Only advantage is the annoying neighbor Sweden is gone
This is just my interpretation, ok
The majority of Danish songs I listen to are guilty pleasures lol
- but when I found out what these activities would've actually cost me if I had to pay myself, I would never have gone there
You talk as if the EU constitutes every trading nation outside the UK sighs.
Indien - India
It probably is
The silly notion of being better off without the EU needs to be annihilated.
Except for the masks
My local newspaper's cartoon of the day was exactly like this
Mygdal: Mosquito Valley
Salt is a mineral tho, spices come from plants
I graduated from business school and never heard of a paid internship
Widespread myth that we have minimum wage here in Denmark...
She also keeps sending me articles about how dangerous my actual meds are
I'm not trying to be contrary, but I really don't get it.
But from what i can tell, people started calling them.
That's certainly what it looks like, yes.
Hmm
There's plenty of those situations in Danish, but the first two pairs that spring to mind are:
Because if that's the case, I would want to know
they were at least dumber than everyone else.
Or maybe it’s just because a bottle of wine in Norway costs three times what it does in DK :)
I identify the most with class
**Northern Jutland:** People who vote for the Socialdemocrats
I think it's an old person thing
However, "people should have a right to self determination
Madness, I really hope for another election
there's 5
It's just the only nice ones i've met, are the ones who move away to the rest of the country, because they say it's nicer here
Huh, I had no idea
My own language has been particularly enriched by German (about 17% of the words in a random Danish text came from German), and it feels a bit a-historical or ignorant to see the current adoption of English words as anything but natural language evolution - after all no one is today complaining about "arbejde", "altså", "virkelig", "bevidsthed" etc as German loan words ruining Danish
I’m sorry
Things needed to be able to survive the winters, periods with a lot of rain, little sunlight etc
A Dane who doesn't like rye bread
To be honest, I'm not really sure what the purpose of this post is.
But as they say: Better late than never
Everyone is getting dumber by the second and no one gains anything, not even the newspaper
The reason being its central position
Because the entire point in the EU's Single Market is that all companies should have equal access and compete on equal terms.
There are old houses from 1600-1800s still used as apartments, the building i live in is from 1801
Finnish city names are
Quite drab and dreary
Blow up like air in a balloon, not like a bridge with explosives
Very popular among youth in Denmark as well
And plus a lot of their popular dishes are born out of the Spanish Empire, since there's no other way they could have pork and cows
But I certainly don't think so
We Danes have the tradition of borrowing indiscriminately from other languages
Never annoyed, anyone who tries speaking Danish needs all available encouragement
Kjolen means "The dress" in danish
It seemed like it was all poverty and sadness to me.
are not thinking what is best for the people and how to get more wealthy and happy citizens.
8 km to my work place - i use an electric scooter to get there
And that's [freaking] [amazing]
Not even that
De er indplantet fra slutningen af 1700-tallet, først for at hjælpe med bekæmpelse af sandflugten i Nordsjælland og Vestjylland, men senere også brugt i plantager på de ringeste jorde under forsøget på at opdyrke heden
in regards to breaks, danish students have 6 weeks in the summer, one in autumn, two-three in the winter, and several holidays spread in spring
Mostly Jutland Vs Sjælland, not so much rural vs urban
Niels Bohr
* Finish 30 beers all by yourself in 24 hours - cut a square in the sweatband
We’re never told to even try to make sense of it, just memorize it
Fuck
Dus all the way around
A countries happiness level reflects how the vast center majority feels.
You had more channels since you’re twice as big as us
Also a lot of danes speak some german, so I think that helps us with Dutch (even though I know they are very different).
And apparently that's enough to get you downvoted on here
Everybody else has expressed confusion at your posts
They might be unmarked or wearing other flags but the Russian trolls are definitely out.
it has meme potential though
Totally fine IMO
There are 13 parties
how would modern people react
Well
Te Deum absolutely makes me think of Europe at least.
There are already carnivals that LGBT people are more than welcome to take part in.
we might be back here in 4 years with President Hulk Hogan or something
It's not going to be any use not doing so
Against people who are only armed because of the 2nd amendment?
That's what I'm saying and I have been debating their for almost 3 years on this account, the complete we need to federalize circlejerk is what annoys me most at the moment.
They somehow managed to draw the cat so that it looked finnish as well
- Another far right party, possibly several, will be elected into government
Any difference between boomers and zoomers
The UK would lose access to a market of 440 million people.
Swedish is also close to Danish but to a lesser extent, so it can be a little more difficult to read
And great people - all slovenians I have met have been amazing
my bedroom window gets the evening sun in all its glory, which is also just super sweet for me who is used to winters in the minus double-digits, but I do get some sleep at least
Fyrretyve actually means '4 tens". In old nordic it was  'fjórir tigir', and that developed into fyrretyve through history
"So we have chosen to create a system, where you have to hand over, a little less than what you did before
The UK will still be a member of the EU for another two years *at least*.
Afrikaans is less than Luxembourgish, and Icelandic is maybe the same level as Luxembourgish
Even the name "Rus" originally referred to Swedish vikings, from an Old Norse word related to rowing
No reparations were paid and the Islands have been paid no attention since, but they did put up a statue in Copenhagen to "honor" the slaves
Some also work on the other side of the border, though that is less common, I guess, but not unheard of
I remember the subtitles in Die hard on tv translating the epic phrase "Yippie-Ki-Yay MotherFucker
Denmark is fine but there’s so much of the world out there, I want to explore it all
- that volume will be relative smaller and smaller.
Edit: i know Ardern is not european, but saw others mention outside of Europe too :)
This article is about alleged ethnic cleansing of Kurds in Turkey, Northern Syria, and Western Iraq
But also one of the countries with the highest suicide rate
They're a pretty popular Danish band, but mostly popular with 14 year old girls, so I'm not really the stereotypical listener, being a 19 year old guy
For Germany it was worth it in the long run, but i doubt we'll see Belgium admitting anything for a while
The city is on the coast, and there are really nice beaches *in* the actual city as well as outside.
Most of you swedish people live just as far away from mountains as we do ;)
So they may have way fewer influenza deaths this year for all we know
I've discussed this in other threads about swearing, but I swear in english when i'm a little annoyed
I live in Copenhagen, and that actually matches what you describe pretty well.
That's my completely unresearched, gut-feeling 2 cents, anyway
Also, that is so fucking cheap wth
I mean, if those are a compound word, then that *is* your word for nephews and nieces
Denmark er the best land in the world!!!
Although not at the same level as Western Europe, Russia does have press that's critical of Purim and the gouverment line.
My hometown, then nationality (Danish)
This has me fuming, how are they allowed to do this?
But to be fair, that has been a constant for several years now
So saying "Citizens of the UK *must* be able to speak Danish but citizens of France don't have to" isn't okay.
Same here
DANSKEN MESTRER INTERNETTET, SVENSKEN KAN IKKE ENGANG TÆNDE EN COMPUTER!
Love the language, love the people
The hard cap I'm talking about would solve just that
How is she alive if her head was pierced through
But read the secondary literature to understand it and it’s context
Happens 1/10 times
One of the few places where air-photos will show trees out to the horizon
Current rate will have western population count drop 50% over 3 generations.
I swear in Danish when i'm legitimately pissed
If it's a big apartment-block or a house-row, they can easily be a lot older
In that way you would get a lot of rural localities with more than 1000 inhabitants
He told me I had a posh accent
Secondly, many student live there, so obviously it has a different atmosphere than the rest of the city
A pseudo-Nordic England would probably have been a more marginal figure, more genuinely insular, with the Dover Strait constituting a substantial cultural and linguistic barrier
The receiving municipality has a duty to assign refugees a permanent home, but this home can not be in a ghetto (or in an "fragile/exposed housing zone")
To change the politicians' minds, you need to change the minds of the people who vote for those politicians
Lmao yes you caught us
Border runs for beer will be a *fucking long drive* now
So if the US was to implement the Nordic model, you need the full package
I hope they build out the bike highways even more, so electric bikes can move more cars off the road
He was in the KGB after all
My father’s brother always did this after the snaps and the fist fight just kept going till the last of them was down ( by the way 5 brothers)
Don't worry, you are German - nobody expected you to get a joke
I had no idea that so much of the Vatican was green and park-like.
I get your point, but it almost seems insulting to us
However, you may obviously be able to compare countries that way to some degree, if one country has no extra deaths and another country has a lot of them, that could be a useful comparison but you still don't really know how many Covid killed in either country
Other than the fact that Danish children learn to speak slightly later than our Nordic neighbours, there isn't much truth to this.
When they play against each other, you know there will be riots in the streets
The Danish headline is: "Borgere fra disse lande får nu sværere ved at få visum til Danmark"
) but when that happens everything gets a bit lighter from all the white snow
Because they were abolished in 2008.
That was a nice summer
Every single time i see a Dane say something outrageous on this site, you turn out to be from Copenhagen
According to this the Danish military spends almost 50% of the budget on wages.
For my commute, my motorcycle is about half the price of a train ticket, and my bike is pretty old and not that economic.
I would love to find out who's behind
Coal, gas and garbage along with several energy using industries contributes to both Electricity and Heating.
Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with a Swede
But not as good anymore since they changed the recipe
I'm not familiar with the particular atrocity you mentioned, but I don't doubt the royals have lots of dirty secrets, and anything coming to light publicly would be swiftly swept under the rug
Jeg glæder mig til at se hvad udfaldet af dette lille sproglige eksperiment bliver, når jeg engang får oversat disse ord
Pretty sure it is the humidity.
From Denmark: Swedish and Norwegian is pretty easy to read
Our country is even flatter than yours, and we have better pastries
* Hørmested (Hørm means to smell bad/foul, sted means place
Get your COVID and your Avian Flu in 1 place
Pret a Manger, definitely
Now this obviously doesn't make any sense to a German speaker as it translates to "The door is angry," but it in Danish it is very similar to "Tyren er bøsse," which translates to "The bull is gay," which is a profoundly funny sentence to 12 year olds
My brothers and I pay rent but I don’t think any of my friends do
Otherwise, I mostly find it amazing that they managed to navigate the mess that was europe up untill 1945
until the 14th of April
Someone posted on Reddit saying he visited Copenhagen with his father, and the dad thought they were because many people had hurt their neck
I think it depends on consciously using primarily the Latin derived words whenever it's possible
I know this because of the band
We hate your president, we hate your institutionalized racism, your nationalism (you call it patriotism) and your regressive religious views, but in general we get along great with individual Americans - especially if you're one of the many Americans who also dislike that stuff
We don't deal with it, more like suffer through it
The EU is trying to drag us down to the lower standard of eg
It would probably work like the British Commonwealth, with the two nations still remaining separate, but would be interesting
She says it is quiteambitious but not as great as she expected
If you wanna get more points, then get some better songs
It's like a Brit chosing Wales
desktop thing obviously varies depending on education or work.
Why does the media always mention that a country has to be the leader of something.
It's literally the national symbol, and the symbol of the state
Those sound great to me
Had to clean the walk way every few hours
Translated into stupider English
> The Iraqi geologist Farouk al-Kasim discovered and helped us secure our oil reserves
We've got some bad hombres here....
It just feels different in every way
You have to switch to using "ananas" though
For 10kr you can buy a Snickers
I think I understand you now, and I apologize for thinking the way I did before.
That is, a federation where every member state must be basically like Germany.
I wouldn't personally say that I belong to either side, which gives me a neutral ground to observe from
BIER
As if we needed one
We’re tough to get to know, and that is a real struggle for many visitors and immigrants; but we make great friends if you make it through the barrier
Where istan is like in Pakistan
I don't think anyone really cares
My dad is a gigantic fan of the three gentlemen, and a good part of his generation in Northern Europe as well
Iceland is special because their nationalbank couldnt handle it.
Beer - The modern way of producing beer was created in Denmark
Well anybody who ever killed a Swede in battle of course
No not really
And sad for the UK
The princess of the circus dances
Sådan er det bare
Likely Rasmus Paludan - let him get a taste of his own medicine
This is my progress so far
I always thanked the driver for the trip when I lived in Århus
..which is why I said "Then we'd only have Ireland
But its not really fair if it isn't a level playing field.
Denmark had to redefine itself as it was now small, homogenous, weak and poor so we unified around everything Danish like the language, vikings, nature in art and literature
Meanwhile denmark is remaining snowless
Just like mine
My guns (sports shooting is a very fun hobby)
Still you didn't secede when you could, the money was too good I guess
Populism is essentially a political method that simply means that you present yourself as being "for the people", which can occur on both the right and the left
Think about your fellow citizens
Both DR ("our BBC") and TV2 tend to have one for children, and then there'll be some for older people/adults as well
On the bright side, if you're American you get to experience a free ambulance ride and will probably get your broken leg fixed for free because no one in hospital will have the slightest idea of how you can even charge for that kind of thing
Privileged kids are born with a silver spoon in the ass
It has happened to once in my 30+ years on the planet, and I still remember the moment very clearly because it just took me by surprise and was very strange to me
Seems like Russia is way more successful at influencing people by media than Western Europe, stuff like radio free Europe, and euromaidan have failed miserably.
I accidentally said "voulez-vous anglais" in Geneva...
Yes we do, and i don't know, it's fun :)
Sure, but so is refusing to donate one of your body parts (such as a kidney) to your child when your child needs it in order to survive.
If I had to assign them genders, I would say that the sun was female, and the moon male
Neither really
I can assure you, they do enforce it elsewhere
Meaning there's really just shared history between the countries of Wales and England for less than 240 years, which is basically a blink of an eye in terms of history that far back
I don't think I could ever live in USA
Naturally the neoliberalism could prove a problem, but right now the EU needs strength and unity, for that I think he would be exactly what we need in France.
It’s a totally over the top front page - but guys
* Spain: Great football and a sexy language
getting it automatically translated would likely give some strange results
why are all the accounts attacking almost brand new with next to no karma you really have to wonder...
Yeah, I know my grandfather was very sad then they discontinued the practice of having the titel in the phone books
In Denmark we have the problem that windmills produce a lot of power during the night which we don’t use so we sell it very cheap to Norway who use that power to pump water up which they later sell to Denmark at normal price
- Things such as food and clothes are expensive
[Fyn] (Funen in English)
We expect to announce them shortly
Give the state a new source of income so other taxes can be lowered, or use it to improve hospitals or whatever
We actually used the term "tysker tøs" as well, but it's only that entire term that's negative in Denmark, not the term "tøs" in general
Thomas the Apostle ended in Chennai - people get around and have always done so.
James = Jakob
Nooo
Then you have gun-practice ranges but thats a small hobby and wverything Else is military.
ok, can someone explain what's happening here
If the rule is closest Capital to yours I would say Denmark would be the one
It needs to let the older generations slowly die out, and prepare for a higher share of technology in its industry.
- This is purely selfishness from pride and political dogma
Sure we'll have some Wienerbrød as we call it if you're like having a coffee with friends
I can't think of a single England player that would be a starter for Spain or Germany.
Yet that was not really big enough an issue to say fuck off...
It's hard not to, when most European values straight out contradict US values
I agree it sounds really bad though
Then again maybe the alcohol is the reason for the happiness levels
As Wikipedia says, it may have originated as a translation of the Latin name *Marcha Orientalis*, that being the earliest name of the province of the Holy Roman Empire later called the Margraviate of Austria
no, not like the americans
Well
vores forældre og bedsteforældre havde
So I am behind on stuff like that
There's a lot of [modern CGI stuff] but when it comes to classical handdrawn cartoons [Valhalla (1986)] comes to mind.
But if they're sober it just comes across as strange (although not rude) for a friend to tell you that he loves you
Sure thing, I bet you also saw Bigfoot.
*" "*Yes, i love pasta and death
No, I wouldn't run for the hills, but I suspect the friendship would slowly die from then on.
But it's not a valid national ID, e.g. It can't be used as id for travel in the Shengen area
Don't think of it as oppression
UK was seen as an ally on a lot of Danish positions in EU
Similar in Danish: Østrig-Ungarn
I agree with some of you're other points about how he treats the opposition.
Do these titles still bring people special privileges?
I was thinking maybe the adder as well - though only 7 people have died from it since 1900, around 400 do get bitten every year and 70 of those have to stay at hospital for treatment
We don't hate Norway, Only Sweden
I have probably looked at a mosefund (bogfind - as bog bodies are called in Danish) 4-5 times the last year.
I haven't actually heard of anyone doing it, but on my schools FAQ about exchange programs, there is a section about doing exchanges to other Danish universities
Depends a lot on what the CCP wants to do
I'm halfway joking, but there was a political party they was called "Befri Fyn" (Liberate Fyn) and most of their agenda was to have Fyn sceded and then tax everyone wanted to use things from Fyn
We're taught the most commonly used ones and I think I've used deca like twice throughout my life
500 lobotomies were performed on developmentally challenged and "morally deficient" men, women **and** children all the way down to 6 year olds
There likely would have been, I wouldn't doubt it.
Parfaits are more solid - this is literally just like a liquid/soup
Good one
These are all different genres
Very few Danes come to Nyhavn for Nyhavn
That being said, according to DS the numbers are still going up
I hope to visit italy some day.
The common theory is that they were not as threatened from the Christian south and the area was under populated.
It's not a building though
Some parts of russia probably are very hellish
Bruh are you for real
Now that's rapid improvement
Yea, that's what i'm talking about as well, the eggs are refrigerated in the stores as well
The fictional country of Langbortistan
Wearing shoes inside
Especially when there's a sale going on(Which there always is)
It gets easier the more you do it
I always had to look at my dad and get some signs from him to know if I should say yes or no when they asked me stuff
They won't, but Europe would be better for it
...this is a really terrible version of the Internationale
Great Britain has some similar archaic institutions like the fact that there aren't elections for the house of lords
He decided that a young man like me was perfect
Surprised I haven’t been kicked out of Denmark yet
If I make a buzzing sound for a few seconds (bzzz) I can say the z but it comes out really exaggerated
I like Icelandic English, even though I’m a native speaker (it can get a bit cringe if people overdo it, though)
You can always find a place that serves either Gösser or Stiegl
it's better than aldi for example
I also think the rest of Europe is catching up to us in that regard, it almost seems like "The Scandinavian Model" is becoming the standard model!
If that dosn't scream dumb i don't know what does
Why
More focus on diagnosis, more willingness to prescribe, less cultural stigma on depression etc etc.
I'm 15 and worry about putting kids into this world
_Edit:_ Another contender for the price could be Lolland-Falster, two islands south of Zealand, famed for their lack of economical growth, bad infrastructure, high unemployment, etc
Thank you for sharing
Based on the downvotes, I assume a lot of people don't get the similarity between Chernobyl and Global warming
Yes that Bohr
This is very much unlike Trump, who surged and declined in the polls throughout his campaign.
So, suffice it to say, I have some experience with being German in Denmark
It can also be used as ID for example if you are picking up a package from the postoffice
I was right in the path of the water and gets my last dry clothes wet
Sikkert noget med at Karlsson har hugget hendes Kalles Kaviar
I believe in a Europe of nation states.
I'm willing to bet that most of them had no idea that statue even existed, they didn't know the first thing about the guy etc
For if you do, perfect holiday location to go to for me (I got a Roman obession haha)
No, I think I might have it at most once a week
Outside of the occasional “pagan” or “Wicca” hippie, no
The design mentioned in the OP youtube video is actually more safe than a normal roundabout - mostly because bikers can react to cars that haven't noticed them (since they don't slow down)
In the summer months I would probably say koldskål is my favourite dessert, whereas I would say æbleskiver or risalamande in the winter months
Already seen a few swarming about
Ah the luas
Especially with Russia not a part of the EU, and Russia being the European country with the highest population
This dynamic has always interested me
Edit: A lot of people a speaking of 52 cards in the "French" deck - which is the one we use in Denmark
What magical phrasing, ven
Suggest we start speaking Norwegian
Came here to make this sentiment
So maybe slightly more "optimistic" than the 2012 numbers
Isn't Georgia part of the linguistic playground or am I mistaken
Professional Bachelor degrees are like vocational degrees on steroids, as they're also focused on a mix between practical and theoretical knowledge, not just theoretical like university degrees.
Here's a thing to do in Slovakia
Is that European
A political party-leader quit because of a 10-year-old case with him grabbing a woman on the thigh
I mean 'technically' its the same here, but its the government thats implemented it and if you don't pay licence fees you could get a fine and if you don't pay that fine you could go to jail.
I understand, but I just don't get how 2
Back in second grade or so, a substitute teacher insisted that when X > Y, it actually means Y is bigger
but don't india use shitty old planes from the 60s or something
It was decent
I think in Elsinore’s case it’s due to Hamlet, but don’t know
Bannon is on a leave of absence because of his duties in the election and White House.
Nope, it's generally all automatically done.
And that's not even counting the danification process, the Greenland treaty during WW2, Thule Air Base or all the shared history and culture through rigsfællesskabet
Not exactly left left
It didn't bother to make the case that it is in fact an ethnic cleansing (a few bombs don't make the cut)
Jørn Dohrmann (Dansk Folkeparti) (?/?) He has possible gotten misspelled in the PDF, not entirely sure
The thing was that it was not made on background of the recommendations of the health agencies, the government had simply lied to the rest of the parliament, when they said they had that, in order to lend credence to their policy
Unless you assume that governments are *never* wrong, you can't really conclude anything about the objective necessity of borders.
Here in Denmark we have a ~150% tax on cars, so adding an automatic transmission is an extra $2000-$4500 on top of the price
Ah thank you, it is actually the same here in Denmark too, I just got it mixed up
etc
Including Greenland, we have [the largest National Park in the world]
That entire "documentary" was a huge joke, intended to make fun of North Korea, while in North Korea
I’m just here to see where I can go and do urbex
Do people really leave their babies outside of cafes?
Not trying to be rude but i suspect some of them may have been stolen and registered on new Albanian plates.
No, I think I might have it at most once a week
I've also seen old people who answered by saying that addresses
I do feel that it’s quite silly that it is a subject that you can have for exams though
27c to 30c : "Why can't I spend the whole day in the kiddie pool
They just end up looking like a sexuality-segregated carnival which I don't quite get.
Frankly, nobody except the mink farm owners have been interested in the issue
>I assume you feel personally attacked because you support a party that the racist jibe is aimed at
She does not necessarily need to court other voters, if enough voters stay at home rather than vote for the other candidate.
It'd be weird _not_ to have a Danish flag, in Denmark
True, but at least we're not swedish
Very accurate
No dane in their right mind would be caught drinking rubbing alcohol!
Oslo is the least interesting of the three I would say.
>The only state I know of getting around this rule even though they are eligible for the currency is Denmark
iirc you can do duolingo the other way too.
That depends on how you define less harmful
Awesome food, ouzo, cool music ( [1] [2] ), chain dance with random strangers all night, waking up late with a headache, going to the beach..
This ^ Atheneskolen is mainly just for people whose parents have enough resources to send them there, who then also happen to have fine grades
Instead we make a conspiracy about someone else pretending to be Nigel Farage so that he can't deny that he is dead.
Would be funny if it did
yeah what the US has done to it's black population is horrible.
70, halvfjerds: halvfjerde + sinde + tyve - meaning 3½ times 20
Bottom line is a country where market forces has created low prices and good mobile coverage is now risking becoming part of an EU sanctioned monopoly.
>It is the task of the king and the countrys earls to watch judgments and to do justice and to save those who are being wronged, such as widows and helpless children, pilgrims and foreigners and the poor - those who are most often wronged, and to not let evil people who do not want to improve live in his land
Can you explain what you mean by "free speech is fucked up"? So far you haven't explained what you mean
Even in most relationships I think.
If you call a relative in an area where it snowed that day it's the first thing they will tell you
Now that's just sad
but sitting here in Denmark, sweden is terrible in almost every aspect
Or hell, even just here in Europe
Fuck you're right
Since it wasn't illegal here, he hid.
I had no idea that *kun* was a contraction
How do I obtain a flair if you don't mind me asking
Denmark:
Gold is valuable because it's rare
refused immigrants and 'illegal 'refugees  are still closed off in prison camps of several hundreds with several families, they cant keep social distancing and everybody is ignoring it
There is no indication of what a place is
It's even worse in the USA when you see senators with canes
Hell yeah
I don't think I've heard of that
Ja, men der er stadigvæk forskel på dem.
While Denmark is all "Let see how much we can screw up education...
I was prepared to grab a shovel and some salt and go clear the fucking thing myself after the first five hours in that hellish airport
A [user] from /r/worldnews's thread on it, has made a better guess than I could.
This bridge goes between Norway and Sweden at Morokulien:
This does not mean we should not work on them, but in this thread I don’t think “gentrification” as a Scandinavian issue makes much sense
Even our weathermen will go "Mosenkonen brygger" if there's a thick fog coming :)
The Canadian oppressors will not succeed in conquering our beautiful island
It's not enough that we are happy
Swedes have truly perfected the art of how to ruin a pizza
All universities in Denmark have to comply to the same standards and do generally not differ in prestige.
What do you call them in norwegian
He is one of the mascots of r/dankmark
She wrote to him in prison, they became “great friends”, she had a rocket and his signature tattooed on her arm and whined in public about how her family didnt want shit to do with her after finding out
Sounds horrible
Is everything flowers and lollipops
At least transfer funds is a good means of keeping up the pressure
I feel the same about spring here in Denmark
The great thing about the word øl is that it already sounds lke drunk mumbling, so no matter how drunk you are, you are always able to ask for one more
I'm sure we're more hilly overall, but our tallest point is 171m, while yours is a staggering 322
Mainland European Denmark boost an average elevation of 34 meters.
Not just the borders themselves, but everything that makes it possible for societies to live together
Agreed
Is life really regarded as bad in Russia
000 DKK (4872-5684 dollars) a month
He lives on Greenland, everybody knows that
Yes, it's the magic words
Ehm, curious about your username.
Yeah, "Good for you
>Am I dreaming, or have I entered into heaven/paradise
I'm not at all offended if people just speak English to me, though
Finally, maybe using the word "Ghetto" as a nomination for certain areas are not entirely politically correct, but any notion of those areas referring to Poland in WW2 is utter nonsense
Well, not really a nerveous break down, but a break down of a sort
Its because it's a contraction of "Anders son", "Jans son". I guess you kept the original spelling, and the Americans just contracted it to fit pronunciation, as did we
“Some tourist is walking on the bike lane - be prepared to get E.X.E.C.U.T.E.D.”
Also Danish but with Æ Ø instead
Traag is a great song, btw
We could argue our viewpoints if you wish.
One rye bread to rule them all
I just hate that I switch between American and British English
Randers might have a bad rep, but it isn't really founded on any sort of truth
While the EU responded "That was always the case, the burgundy-red colour passport colour has always simply been a recommendation, not a requirement".
... You're not reading what I am writing
> Does someone say pesh instead of pest
In Denmark we call them "the English ghetto".
We say fanden, or Satan
The impatient drivers who try to drive off after you have gone a centimeter past the car, or those that try to speed of in between people walking across
Everyone else must be unhappy
Personally I would very much like to see it made entirely voluntary, like it is for women
IIRC it's not the same thing that's sold i sweden
We get almost all of our entertainment from English speaking countries
I agree with the\_pianst91 and the same applies for Denmark
I once saw a viral post about them getting government support money for studying in university
we are anti fascist (which putin is)
Very popular before `Peter` replaced it
Next they can maybe build a train to the airport
I am pretty sure it was taught when my parents went to school, but these days it’s really only old people who still use it, and I personally have a hard time reading cursive as it often just looks like a bunch of squiggels
I think you kinda overestimate what people know about Denmark.
Like, _Ode to Joy_ is more just pan-European, while the other is
Right, do tell me how the US has stronger protections against the death penalty, or how a banning the death penalty is a waste because the nations doing so don't even follow the rules, or how banning it would be unconstitutional.
But snüs consumption is still VERY high in Norway, and that’s unhealthy af still
It cost 20 million kroner to save the Jews of Denmark.
The problem however, is corruption and the fact that Serbia isn't a functional democracy even now when we have the tools to discipline them
We also have an app called Fartkontrol which means Speed Control that tracks speed traps in traffic
For example, work through a few generations where the only/majority of people that reproduce are those that really want to, then you have the genes that makes them want to be more dominant.
The product was available in multiple languages
Google caters to its users, and not necessarily to what is true.
Or [boring office buildings] also close the harbor front
If they want to have pay way more for expensive agriculture products, in order to keep a relatively small amount of agriculture jobs, or do they want a way cheaper agriculture products.
yeah and the 4th category are usually so goddamn annoying
We the West (and Russia) doesn't have volume or momentum for anything big.
> How do you think the roman empire came into being
Does that mean collateral damage?
But doesn't mean that its best for the country.
in Denmark only children drink it directly
At least EU has Margrethe Vestager.
Yes, we typically speak English
Of course, but I don't think he knows about them yet
The Baltic Sea trade was very profitable and the league became also a political factor and thus a threat to the crown
i guess they would get to start over
Our government is the same one.
etc
For some reason there is hidden text in the article that's revealed by marking it:
Especially Norway and Sweden gets credit for the vikings
En måne (common/utrum)
Racism, war crimes, genocide are not unique to Germans, that’s true obviously
That chicken and egg problem can only be solved by attacking it from both sides
Sorry, Denmark should've helped more
> Unfortunately if there's demand there's always gonna be supply
We wound up getting too tired and slept in the car
i guess they would get to start over
and the other similar mistakes (their, they're, and so on)
I get the idea, and it’s good
I think it has to do with how you treat them tbh.
Also pretty much, depending on where in Denmark, I would either go to a biker related local white guy, a Middle Eastern, or a Eastern European for drugs
I mean Southern Italy isn't that far behind, but it far from the worst.
Odense in Denmark, has good hotels, good food and is a lovely place
The thing is, capitals are often quite large cities
turns out it's south of italy
Some new building by the harbor in Aarhus installed a nice shiny new copper roof, and every time I see it I think "I can't wait for it to turn nice and green
Imo Gøtudanskt is without any doubt the most easily understandable Scandinavian language
Danish has jalousi(noun)/jaloux(adverb) which is about personal and usual romantic feelings
It is something that happened elsewhere.
and expensive
We can expect them to say whatever they believe will do that
I literally don't see any "nazis" in this thread at all, and I've browsed for a damn while now
A bit surprised it isn't an EU wide ban
I'll find it quite saddening how many of the Scandinavian people will switch to english when speaking to people from other countries, we can understand 99% of what other Scandinavians say, it's just easier to speak English
Everybody with a bank account already has this solution in Denmark.
I know what my money would be on.
> VIVE LA BIKE
* "Pis mig i øret" (piss me in my ear) - either used when something is annoyed or a "polite" way to tell someone to fuck right off
As an honorable mention, the stories from the Nordic Mythology about Odin, Thor and the rest of the old Gods are also popular here, as in the rest of the Nordic countries
For mig er du intet andet end endnu et fartøj, som skal ryddes af vejen
In the suburbs, you're usually not outright friends with them - you just stop to chat for a minute if you both happen to be in your driveways at the same time, and maybe you'll ask them if they can water the plants in your front yard while you're away or something
My rIgHt tO ChOoSe
I've never heard so much criticism towards NATO before, and I move in some pretty leftist anti-imperialist circles at home
For some words with difficult pronunciations like "brød", it helps to pretend you are puking
It might due to the y-axis being logarithmic instead of linear
Plus it always reminds me of an old friend (Who was from Iceland).
Do not worry, it happens from time to time
My great-granddad on my mother's side was a fisherman who helped danish jews cross the Sound to Sweden.
Our homegrown brand is Rynkeby, who also do a blackcurrant squash, but the most popular flavour is mixed fruits
500 years ago is completely fine.
For Norway it is also about exporting electricity which earns the energy sector a lot of money
Frozen is based on a Danish fairytale, the Snow Queen, by HC Andersen
I was also thinking Rød Grød med Fløde
It's getting darker now, and I really like a bit of light in the dark months
Lower prices mean you can now buy more things, therefore you are better off; in other words, you are more prosperous.
>[The] Country is to be build by law, but if everyone were to accept with his own and let others enjoy the same right, then no law would be needed
Are you sure it's the idea of trading globally that is called nationalistic?
Geert Wilders is technically the only member of his party
Copenhagen = København
Well Chisinau was really uninteresting culture wise
> because landlines are often non existant anymore
For girls: Margrethe
DK = Denmark
we dont talk just to talk so often you guys do, as an example
But it just feels wrong
Meaning that people coming from these countries may not have had a choice either.
“Just become a programmer” doesn’t work for a 50 year old trucker
Again, for roughly 500 years, Icelandic and Danish history was two sides of the same coin
Amsterdam has way more to offer than weed and hookers
(And the constitution was written by our king, btw.
It's intuitively the right name IMO.
It goes that people from Randers all drive on scooters, wear Nike Shoxs shoes and drink mokai
Nuttela for hazlenut spread
Hahaha what the hell are you talking about?
The biggest problem is not EU using more money on economic recovery and green climate
There is not an alcohol limit on bike
I'm not saying that ethnic Austrians are incapable of rape, but it's more than likely that homogrown muslims and refugees were involved with the number that Austria has taken in.
I generally can make myself understood to most adults and understand most adults if the languages are spoken slowly and clearly pronounced.
Theres a reason we have different skincolors
It's not a building though
I find that surprisingly high actually.
Through conquest and cultural imperialism
I don't think the rest of the continent really sees any reason to consider the UK "outside" Europe.
&nbsp;
They're polite, patient and considerate - FAR better than most other tourists
I guess that whole region is shit
I mean, my best friend lost her dad when she was 24, primarily because of what happened at Tulle
She has never lived in Denmark and knows next to nothing about daily life here
Prob viking age
I think it depends on the family
Have you tried the [dialect test] on DR?
Reading this thread, it seems I am in the minority
* Physiotherapists
no matter what
My Greek Wedding
Gifflar, Marabou, Malaco candy, Pågen and many more
Oh damn
You moved to Randers, ikk’?
The other Nordic countries and their state run alcohol stores and high purchasing ages
Sjælland less developed than Norrland
After this Denmark for the first time in several hundred years was definitively no longer a player in European politics
I heard on the news a few weeks ago, that the Danish police are worried that the crime in Malmø will spread over the bridge into Copenhagen.
The most popular ones include "Himmelhunden", "I en lille båd der gynger", "Hvorfor går Louise til bal".
Oh, I forgot about 4th of July, that's going on the list
Øv!
I feel a historically and especially very cultural bond with the other nordic countries
In Danish there is a proverb that sounds something like this:
the cause is said to be a meteorite
So 2 people are saying that in the worst areas of Denmark they SOMETIMES make a judgement call to bring more officers.
Thanks to the scottish vote
They voted no to a plethora of other stuff the politicians tried to sneak in under a yes and no campaign for Europol.
Chicken is by far the most popular but the traditional christmas dinner does include stuffed duck
You jumped to 1st in 2018 from 5th in 2017
When people from the US mention staying out until 6 am like it's a wild and crazy thing to do, I always chuckle a little
My grandpa used to be really into it in the 80s and 90s.
Saying ''April 20th'' here would leave a lot people confused at first
Both in terms of food and drink, as well as rent and stuff
If all of the Nordics gets thrown out it’s most likely Germany
Sweden gets offended by a joke, then crosses Øresund and tries to kill everyone
However, freedom of religion is absolutely untouched by this, as mosques can and are built normally, just without that architectural characteristic that are minarets.
* Biogas: 3,1 %
Is he the inspiration behind the Sheikh in Flåklypa
Hvad med alle Olsen Banden filmene istedet
Do not ridicule Sweden or Norway
It was crossing from from the Flemish region to the Walloon region
And we're right in the middle
This here sounds very hard to do, but I try it anyways
/rant
They are just [squares] with no details and creates no nice atmosphere around them
We were THIS close to being a superpower
I think they should implement the minimum wage in the countries like yours where it is actually needed
Haha, I definetly see it now that you've mentioned it, but the coolness definetly stands way above the London underground and even the cute Paris metro
Denmark
It's not a proper piece of chocolate
usually read one/or some of it before going to sleep :)
And then it goes on about the lutheran church
I dont remember the details but i heard some professor explain why, on the radio a couple of years ago
an example; You arn't automatically a Danish citizen even if you are born here to none danish parents, and becomming a citizen is extermly hard for none EU citizens
Centre-right, they're more leftwing than CDU (Germany) on most points.
Depends on the year
Yeah I remember the picture of the Greek minister of health smoking at a press briefing, it looked ridiculous.
So we are baiting the Italians again, is that it?
It's not just that Europeans are better off than in Africa
Some times people have outdoor and indoor shoes.
A good coat, boots and gloves, and you'll be fine.
That's a steal for being a part of the world largest and richest free trade area.
Isn't the growth primary based on immigration?
Like who is going into the second movie in this series going "wait, who is this Smaug guy and why does he have a wasteland
Also, "kerfufle". Holy shit man, where'd you even find that word
What the heck are you doing
I don't really watch Youtube stuff from my own country
A lot of people light a lot of candles
We have **multiple variations** of counting in our thousands
I'm not sure what you mean with that.
Not really
One of the pettiest things is probably still ongoing.
It's also used for absolutely every type of celebration
Have a boyfriend/girlfriend and having sex with them at around 15 to 16 is more normal than not
This sounds very good
Whenever they talk about immigration issues it's either about 'the ones not willing to integrate' or simply about numbers.
Away from København)
the oxygen in our atmosphere is enough to last us 5000 years, we're fine in that regard, and earth is fine too, it's been through highs and lows of oxygen multiple times
I don't see what's protective about the new kind
Then Russias economy broke, so they ended support to our communist party, and it went bankrupt.
Are you willing to have your tax raised to pay for the Greek ?
I think the UK as well, iirc
Is Sweden portrayed differently
As usual, the influx of people with little or no education has resulted in a diminished amount of jobs for the preexisting working class, an issue which is rarely discussed by middle and upper class individuals because they aren't effected by it.
Lucas Graham
Edit: And Nyhavn
Usually we would just stand together in groups and do it
GTA: Skegness
Thanks :) I did not know that
just male genital mutilation
The German-speaking regions come from the former Prussian Rhine Province which *you* annexed following WW1, so quite the opposite in fact
As a Dane not used to volcanos I would be like THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RIGHT NOW
Homeless people don't use a lot of electricity
I'm going to Salamanca with my university in may and i'll be doing erasmus programme in Valencia next january.
Which is what bothers me about girlfriend and “Freund/Freundin” (literally just friend and female friend)
If the UK was given a favorable deal of getting to not follow the same rules/regulations as the rest of the EU, while still enjoying the benefits (and thus gaining an unfair advantage effectively)
Using the EU flag would probably be controversial as it could be seen as a political statement for EU and.
So German basically kept the last meaning of "to obtain/get", whereas English kept the meanings of "to happen" and "to arrive", but added an additional meaning of "to turn into".
Preferably translated to English.
We are also way overexposed to news about UK compared to France, Germany, Russia etc
Free movement of labour has also led to social dumping because people come here to work without unionising and working at places that don't have collective agreements, further destroying our scandinavian model
I use them all regularly
Until they realize they live in Central and eastern europe
>You're expressing your opinion from a Danish perspective, so it's understandable why you'd say so, but the generally accepted opinion is that of what I've mentioned above
I don't think Boris is trolling
Nice, the downvote bottom in /r/DANMAG, /r/NORDVEI, and /r/SUAMI is the Swedish flag.
That would be dørkslag in Danish
In Scandinavia (at least Denmark) if you invite someone over for dinner it’s expected that the host makes the food
Czechia would be well off having this law too, should really jump in whilst Germany is allowing for new states.
Ah jesus I can’t behave people badly eventhough on here
Efterspørgslen på kradsere er faldet i nyere tid, og det er derfor sjældent man ser kradseren nævnt på menukortet i pølsevognen
Even though you didn't even have fax machines when he was in charge
A very funny movie if you can embrace the crass humor
I was thinking about the etymology: Namnet Malmö (belagt i formen Malmöghae cirka 1170) är en sammansättning av malm i betydelsen "sand" eller "grus" och pluralis högar av ordet hög.
Hvad med os fra Læsø? :(
Brits think it sounds American, Americans think it sounds British
Fucking hipsters
Greenland and the Faroe Islands like to say they work towards independence
> only Swiss YouTuber I know
Santa Claus lives on Greenland which thankfully had their own Greenxit
Basically, grains boiled with water or milk
We have "farm santas" in Denmark as well
Now let us see if we can manipulate dumb humans to fit the theory, because there is no way we would ever consider our nice theory to be false.
Also, that is so fucking cheap wth
Looks like the cover to an Adam Sandler movie
Get a flag and use it proudly Do not embarrass the flag by noisy ornamentations
Historically we rarely do, but it'd be nice to see that change.
> Also, most of those US gun deaths are suicides, the sad fact is that a suicide very likely to succeed if you use a gun
who did that
The 30 % is biomass, biogas and waste incineration
But you can buy snus in most kiosks though
Swimming lessons are mandatory in school.
It's hard to translate, because it relies very much on wordplay and doublemeaning, but it's basically:
That doesn't make it unreliable as a source.
Actually can’t wait for the Germans broadly to become kinda good at it
I've never had it confirmed by her, as she died before I knew, but the priest at the funeral talked about it during the necrology, and my father later confirmed it
Might as well have called it Creamy LEGO
I'm pretty sure that I won't be able to notice it in my daily life...
The American philantropic spirit is admirable!
From my experience teaching Danish at the Danish learning Discord server, and experience from living here
In Denmark those windows are uncommon in houses, where windows will generally open outwards
A high steel observation tower build for for a big fair a long time ago
There's also a town in Southern Jutland called Møgeltønder
Definitely Harald Blåtand(Harald Bluetooth) for the country, and Thorvald August Marinus Stauning for the whole modern Social-Democratic society Denmark has.
I want milk in my coffee, but pure milk I won't touch
"Don't think you are smarter than us
I've found it quite easy, in comparison to the tiny bit of German i speak
Lupin for some reason was translated to Lupus, which didn't really change much, as both words are equally well-known by children in Denmark (meaning, basically not at all)
German
We need people to do that or it'll simply die out.
You're pretty heavily invested in pushing that Armenia is European when they're clearly not
But seriously, no one uses them anymore, they are horrible to use, dangerous (one of my friends almost cut his thumb off with one, he is an idiot though) and everyone uses the type in the Wikipedia link
It comes from Greek
Eternally growing wealth is happening everywhere, all the time
That looks beautiful though
SÅDAN DET SKAL VÆRE, NED MED SVENSKEN
Being in the EEA is basicly the same as being in the EU.
Also, Herning, Aalborg and Esbjerg did used to have the same stereotypes about them, the Randers ones just became persistent due to a meriad of things, like comedians mostly using Randers as the basis for their "stupid/violent/poor people" jokes, the meme page, that video that became popular in early the noughties, and so on
When I was in Greece and Cyprus it seemed liked everybody smoked, and you could smoke inside in lots of places.
This looks more like site/source bias to me
Ej mange tak
Edit: Also public toilets in DC have giant holes all around the edge, apparently to deter drug use in them, felt super weird that anyone could just stare at you from outside it
There hasnt been any problems with the bi-lingual signs down here in Sønderjylland.
You mean the EU
The problem with playing Greece is the terrible literacy and the fact that you only produce useless things like fish, cotten, and a bit of fruit.
I've literally had people tell me how "different I was from all other people from Randers" and how "they were so surprised when they met me, since they thought I would be like the rest of the people from the town". Nevermind that Randers is consistently one of the cities in Denmark with the lowest amount of criminals per citizen, and the most middle class populace
Beer is widely consumed
And they (the highschoolers) use all their considerable energy on getting wasted.
Also i think this is a nice way of celebrating each other and our friendships between countries
A viking was not something you was, but something you did
Denmark is [at least 2000km] from one end to the other
Let's play "Spot the Swede"! Woops, there's one
>I assume you feel personally attacked because you support a party that the racist jibe is aimed at
I love it when cities with low buildings are draped over hills like that
I thought it was jamon iberico de bellota
Thank you, friendo
1500 years of "Poke the Germans, poke the Germans, oh my god they're coming
Job applications with middle eastern names gets turned down way more often
I'm not a fan of that law myself, but the law sparked a big discussion of the meaning of a handshake
Don't know about kebab, but we win the falafel race:
Other than that I think most people would get along just fine.
This is the most pathetic self-pitying circlejerking post in this thread.
That is more federalisation
Calling it yoghurt is a sin
I feel like a person who wants citizenship should speak the local language at least relatively fluently
Having been to Rome, Venice and Florence, going to Milan was a weird surprise
I need some clouds here to not look like a wet lobster
and not really good anyway
many similar laws to the one she broke actually exempt politicians, since they would have to talk about the content to try to legislate the issues.
"Lære" (to teach) and "lærer" (teaches) is pronounced almost the same
Nah, Syriza and Podemos are just as much populist.
Damn that camera though
In reality North Korea is just a monarchy, and it is extremely authoritarian making it difficult to even say wether it’s left or right leaning
Most of these are accepted, though being late is generally frowned upon
And the free market provides all the broadcast tv needs.
Drain or dredge
Imagine how much longer it takes to have a beer when you have to say “Hello i would like one GARAGARDOA please” everytime you order
Moreover, everyone has an iPhone charger, so if I *really* needed a quick boost I could just ask
Some of our bicycle lanes are like [this] which is what I guess you mean?
"Tax" and "treasure" are both *skat*. It's also used as a term of endearment
I don't think they had the budget for a color camera, let alone a wheelchair
This is just revolting, disgusting animals doing this.
Yes, I did work in an airport on the Danish/Swedish border
(The Denmark-Iceland union was abolished in 1944 and Iceland became a republic)
" which translates to "why the heck do we have to pay to park here
Cutting of the forskin should not be done to minors.
The alternative is that they either massively lower their living standards, or fall into the pockets of China, Russia or the US, all of whom have their sights on the North Atlantic, and none of whom are likely to be as charitable as Denmark
government agency you can call will "take care of them" for free
It might geographically be further away, but we speak the language and are familiar with the culture(s), so I'd not say that California is far and exotic, no
a constant state of ethnic tension and conflict
The speaker from the Far-Right Danish People's Party, Pia Kjærsgaard, Wanted to display was Enormous, and it did not fit in
Being cited on wikipedia does not make you either.
They were amazing
Funny how scandnavia and netherlands have monarchies and we are all happy with while being the most developed countries in the world
Never
So directly translated it's something like "it rakes me a harvest flower". It's a pretty negative way of saying you have zero interest
Same
It's what you feel when you finish high school or something
But if you know the persons gender and birthday there are only 500 combinations
And the UK
Then Donnie threw a tantrum and cancelled it all because he couldn't have Greenland
*academic purposes*.
Have a look at the impeachment of Warren Hastings for an example of this, or many of the speeches by Charles James Fox and Edmund Burke.
That said, we don't do many flag-pins like in the US
Not really sure who came up with naming them in a particular order or why..
The phone doesn't tell me anything I can't ignore if I want
You're assuming Germans are smart enough to walk through the gaps in the fence
´What non-hyggeligt use of Dannebrog similar to the US do you see
oh, men så hold dog kæft, din fjeldabe
Southeast Asian Islam tends to be more liberal and secular than MENA Islam
Bottom looks like a minecraft map
This
I love Spain's "I'm *so* tired of this shit
And today they are slowly starting to [grow their own vegetables]
Our media is pretty good at keeping things grounded to Danish/european news and only mentioning American events in passing
Same in Danish
To me it's completely stupid to do this because you have no idea what's coming .  I drive maybe 30km/h or 40km/h so I have the time to  pull over to the side just in case
The exact same stunt, with the exact same soundtrack running in the background.
That sounds like a bathtub  not a shower
So all of that, and the nordic languages are all very close
I don't love it, but I don't hate either as it doesn't stick out so much at least
And the pro-independence folks in Scotland are generally also pro-EU, right
Lars being a common name
In Denmark we call them "the English ghetto".
Written Norwegian is basically the same as written Danish
After shaking a can it usually splutters a lot when opening, which the glass bottles doesn't.
Whether you do three or four shakes varies from person to person.
The Lego minifigures are not copyrighted, they are trademarked
[Crown Princess Mary] of Denmark was an Australian born to a Scottish mathematics professor.
We both around 600€ a month, and I'd consider that somewhat of a good price.
Then I'd probably say that it was a country that didn't hold anyone back or penalize achievers or something like that.
Not sure
We’d gladly pay
It really is an incredibly favourable deal to them, yet they act as we are somehow impeding them
It's just that in Danish loan words tend not to change their spelling
Personally, I eat out maybe once every other month (excluding McDonald’s and such) and I think that’s pretty standard
What do Christians have to offer for Europe?
There are 13 parties in the Danish parliament, so a lot of negotiations takes place.
It’s at least better than being called Russian, right
Most restaurants are indoors, so that’s good as well
Maybe you could count Føtex as one too, although Bilka is the only real hypermarket we have.
Why should he be removed
Most important word for when Europe opens up for travelling again
Exactly what a socialist would say
Yup
Tolkien visited the valley in 1911, and all but confirmed it in a later letter:
Sometimes we use the [Norwegian type] as well, but it makes a mess out of the softer danish cheeses
Beyond that, I greatly object to any insinuation that Denmark's treatment of the Faroes and Greenland today are anywhere near as bad as Britain's towards Ireland
Eros Ramazzotti
And being able to say "uncle, can you pass me the salt
Or Roma for that matter
word traveld far it seems
That's impressive stalking right there
unless you have the ability to look into your bloodstream.
So that's what they meant with "abolishing genders"
Thank you USA
So many tables would just be filled with blood because of this game
There is this statue in Helsingør. It’s a statue of Holger Danske
Did it come to Swedish from that time Charles XII was in exile
We still owe germany from the last time
Our guy basically disappeared for a few weeks last year.
From looking at this thread it is obvious
Yep
Poland has so much potential
If people think otherwise then they are mistaken
well also them yes, but there are 2 more socialist parties
It's not with tobacco, since u know, illegal in the EU, but it's the "tobacco free" versions which taste and feel the same, and the brands are all Swedish
You never hear us politically correct conflict avoiding Danes be so aggressive towards our friendly beautiful highly treasured mighty neighbors to the north.
If smaller than those, I would define them as 'small'ish
I wish I did, but I do not
We already have that
Idk
Interesting how you know the voters better than the voters themselves did
It's basically a drinking contest at this point
I was 4 or 5 I think
How do you say two k's after each other
but it can get more confusing ...
Near the coasts: that fresh and salty sea-smell
My friend has PTSD and anxiety among a handful of other disorders but can't get a therapist
[There's one here in Denmark] who's been given media attention because he wants to bring his whole family of **three** wives and **20** kids to Denmark, and won't work for his food because "I'm too sick to learn Danish".
That’s a whole lot of parties
That's... what i'm doing
It is worded weird so i get how machine translation would get that impression, but the  Greenlandic flag, the Faroese flag, the Nordic countries' flags, the UN flag and the EU flag are also allowed
It was just an error of magnitude that was the difference between being among the bottom EU countries, or the top ones in economic growth, according the article I've read on it.
Yes, but the Dutch shares this weird "potato in mouth"-ish speech pattern with us
So maybe we should just give people the individual freedom to believe what they want?
Those noisy, hot and cramped trains are some of the worst I have tried
This just doesn't seem to make sense.
I totally support your wish to be able to buy alcohol at all times from normals stores :-)
Lol
I just bought French wine, cheers
Vildsvin (Wild Swine) - Boar
Armenien - Armenia
I travelled around Europe this summer by train (interrail).
In Copenhagen people often drive across the bridge to Sweden and load up on thousands of kr
Honestly, I think the Balkans are too poor and too sparsely populated to support a high-speed rail network at the moment
Some of us are forced to still use paper tickets (Klippekort kan rende mig i røven)
When Europeans talk shit about America these days, you gotta understand that it's in large part directed at your government, more specifically Trump
It's sorta like a  hot dog cart you see in new york and such
On really old maps it's pretty much all under water, even though the ones I just found from late 1700s on  does show it as little piece of land
It usually ends in a bloody hand and many regrets that day after as your hand will turn blue because of the repeated slamming into a table
It was just a check up, and I will get it all refunded by my private health insurance
Tessa is just bad and not fun to listen to
**Faroe Islands:** Whalers who can't decide if they like us or not
It had the equivalent of 284 tonnes explosives
And here, it would be considered clear abuse, legally speaking.
Always thought it was expensive cause I'd only ever crossed with a car
It also depends - if it's a free-standing house, 1900 is quite old
In Denmark you're basically informed of when whaling season starts on the faioe islands, by the inslught of anti-denmark articles abroad
That’s why we call Malmö the Nordic Chicago
In the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, asanas (postures) are mentioned only around 3 times
It is also discussed in this thread
My problem is with the use of GDP measurements.
There is A LOT about the King and the Folketing, and administration, legislation and structure of the courts before it gets to the rights of the people (part VIII)
You "ligger" in bed, and you "sidder" in a chair
u/kexes time to work
I don't even know what "it's worth it" is supposed to mean
When I was a little kid I thought Denmark and England were the only countries in the world
Nokia to me still have made the most beautiful and iconic commercial for a phone with their L´amour campaign
But we don't sound that good to others with that dumb potato in our mouth
That account of his is too fresh, and too inactive to be a karmawhore.
But with the expansion of wind-energy in the North Sea, Norway is going to export more hydro and import more wind
But why is he drowning flats
We have a horse, that our daughter likes to compete with, so we have a horse trailer that will fit practically everything we could ever need to haul - including junior's belongings when he moved out
boys
(This is what I'm currently getting, and I'm living at home with my mom who has a low income)
I guess because it’s a lot cheaper, and probably just as good
Before that threshold it’s still quite high
I couldn't disagree more
What kind of parents gives their child the same name as their last name
One thing I’ve noticed in Sweden was the lack of a curb/level difference between cycle path and pavement
Look at these links for details: [1] [2]
Basically nothing would change, depending on the social circles I associated with I could even keep speaking Danish
About fucking time
It's not going to be any use not doing so
It's probably "in the end" as it is so in Danish too.
Example from a Southern-jutish dialect in Denmark
This just in, scandinavia still sexist as hell
Many young men who are out of pedagogical reach
I mean, your original claim was that it was "a massive bureaucracy", and pointing out the government's mishandling of episodes of international politics doesn't really prove anything about the magnitude of its bureaucracy.
0-10 = chilly
As someone who has had the opportunity to live both places, your experiences are not representative.
Could very well have been me in my early twenties
They only make more money so, yes, full blame is on EU.
In reality this means the supermarket keeps them int the fridge at 5 degrees C or less, as this is the temperature most other refrigerated goods has to be stored at
Derfor startede auktionen en time tidligere end annonceret, og fannikkerne fik hammerslag på 6000 rigsdaler
Estland - Estonia
We can pay you in bacon, we export a lot of bacon.
Yea, i understood none of that
**Finland:** Their quiet, mutual friend
older siblings when they didn’t want me nor my sister to know what they said
Same here - honestly for a moment I was like: are they just talking gibberish and saying its Swedish
I started out incredibly tolerant, having grown up amongst middle eastern immigrants and refugees
I don't even think we use Mr/Mrs Lastname that much
Barsebäck was surströmming all along
Furthermore, holidays don't transfer, they stay on their canonical days, so sometimes you're lucky, sometimes you're not
Maybe someone else knows why we brought chickens into it, but I don't.
You are technically right, but you are still wrong
I think it's just too easy to "blame us" though
If that's not patriotism I don't know what it.
I used the km my company uses when registering our km pay, they might be off, but that the one my company claims is from Kongens Nytorv (where my workplace is) to the areas
They probably think its the german equivalent of the leaning-tower pose
I haven’t heard anything about the magna carta in school
The new parliament need a majority vote for the change
Smaller countries tend to be more dependent on other countries and thus better at English which is necessary for me
Breivik in norway 2011 was at a school summer camp i think
Luckily though, he is not a politician
We have had a government that used different 34 ministers in 3 years does that count as sort of a failure
They used to have Moldova, though.
Eu cred că este antrenament mai bun între merge România, tocmai m-am întors din săbărtorind revionul în Maramureș.
Næsehorn (Nose horn) - Rhino
Family and the closest friends can help themselves to anything they want - but it is of course polite to ask first
Some people don't like it, but to me it doesn't mean that you are a bad person for being smart, successful, talanted or rich - it just means that those things don't define our value as humans; we are all equal
From what I have been told, it has only been used once and we are not even the only country with that law
It's nice to be able to look out of the windows rather than just see a dark reflection of yourself
it sucks, i’m trying to think more in my native language but it’s kinda hard, if that makes sense
It's usually not about the kid being "kicked out" but simply that the kid has likely been thinking about it, dreaming about the "freedom" of it etc
We don’t get any
I would love to see the day that a progressive Turkey throws away Erdoğan and joins the EU
Salat, dressing and some chilisauce
Although I agree with many of OPs points, the fact is that the bar is just so much higher than most countries in the world
thank you my friend
In recent years aren't the UK trying to take down themselves
We have the mandatory cooking classes too, also in grade 7
**Edit**
>Victims of Stalinism and Nazism
anyone else do this
Not for reasons why one would want to cover up one's face.
Definitely
My surprise stemmed from the fact that you only covered to topics a year (and as far as I know continued with the same next year)
That's not a debate you even want to start, believe me
That's not a Nordic thing though, that's a human thing
Now multiple cases gotta go back in court
Mildly annoying yet adorable
Greens make up 17,4% of the community, which is nice
By now I live on the tenth floor so for me its neither here nor there, but growing up in a house in Jylland with my bedroom-window facing the street, I can imagine several people over the years have glanced at the house and looked into my room
Sure i do
Did you really just invoke the first amendment on r/askeurope?
That is absolutely some bs that people tell themselves in order to simplify that problem - and therefore the solution
There's no straight carnival here in Denmark because a carnival isn't about sexuality in the first place.
[Can Donald Trumps' favourite news-outlet defeat Kelloggs?]
its the same thing as employment, since apparently 'cities don't burn down' and you have absolutely no imagination.
Weren't they the guys who wrote the ECHR?
Personally I've gone to both KU and RUC and found that the level was about the same within the same subject, just different in teaching styles
The Danish providers would need to pay the foreign net for this at a higher price than they are charger the Danish customers.
Swedes understand Norwegian but often have trouble with Danish
Mind you're they're still leaps and bounds more powerful than say Denmark where I'm from
Morten Messerschmidt (Dansk Folkeparti) (ABSTAIN/YES)
he doesn't judge the persons ability to tell what to do in certain situations on the road
I will die
I 1741 manglede den enevældige Christian 6
It should be noted that those numbers are for Norway
Though in most cases not with the support of their government.
When checking in the patient will typically swipe his/her national health insurance card through a card reader.
Was standing in the living room, looking outside on the fog, and the naked trees, wiping sweat off my brow saying "is it hot in here or what
No i don't have any bad feelings about starting again
The result was more accidents and more people killed in accidents
Bavarian - A bit better than Low German (all these ski trips to Austria haven't been without benefit)
I presume a (wise) factor in Southern Europe is also protecting your skin from the sun
Instead it just means ''Beech Cheek'' (Cheek as in butt-cheek)
And butter and cinnemon just make it even more gross
Same in Denmark
Driving from Otta to Malmö in a single day I loved getting south of Oslo.
This is also an excuse in Copenhagen, particularly between Amager and Sjælland
>Also I didn't see them mentioning Austria or Denmark as likely candidates to leave, only Spain, Italy and Netherlands from the cartoon
My point isn't about any specific group of people.
To expand on what he said though, it is worth noting that a significant amount of Danes probably have an easier time understanding Rigssvensk than the Sønderjysk dialect of Danish.
It sounds nice in theory but I just don't believe it'll be about getting everyone lifted up to the standards of the "old" western countries.
Well done
I'm 33, and I've never bothered getting a drivers license because...
A good flæskestegs sandwich is personally my favourite
Just added one
You could say that schengen is under pressure because of no eu refugee/immigrants policy.
It's only really Harghita and Covasna, where Hungarians are the majority
I mean several Brits on this thread did do that within the Kingdom, which is why I assumed it fell under the accepted criteria
Gonna need a source on that one, sounds fishy
We will accept it for a while if you don't, but if it's a clear pattern that you don't bring your own alcohol, Danes will start turning cold towards you (though likely not confront you directly, as that would be considered equally rude, instead you'd just be banned from the alcohol or the parties)
Titushki is the Russian name for it.
Maybe Russia shouldn't attack a neighboring country if they didn't want some of their artists to banned from entering said country for a song contest on account of having broken the law by having performed in territory occupied by their enemy.
Denmark has changed what areas it controlled several times each century in the last millenium, there is no definite area over long periods
my dad got the hint, slipped a couple hundred euros (dont remember the exact amount) into the passport and gave it to the officer
They were so adamant on it, I'm still not sure they've learned to this day.
Himmelbjerget is only 140m, the highest point is Møllehøj at 180m.
Our tax rate tops out at around 55% afaik (It used to go higher, like 60-65%), but you have to earn quite a lot of money to get that high.
I used Slesvig in my comment as a sarcastic joke about being butthurt about 1864 which people don't really care about anyways.
So there are a few Odd laws that over time have been replaced with others but they stay because they were the basis for the later more modern laws
These are the same people who blow their government money on Gucci and Supreme
The funny thing is that the left-wing Canadian immigration policies
Why are you calling me out and not them
Hej mit navn er John, det er en fornøjelse at møde dig
So do we
Nah
It's not that the taste of coffee, beer, berries, liquorice and cola is bad but that doesn't mean it all goes together
Wasn't he also partially eaten
have it = Har sex
you dont owe anyone to work for them and there's nothing wrong with trying to get a better deal for yourself.
Much safer than any place in the EU
Geographically far away from the rest of the country, has the most incomprehensible dialect (considered to be a separate language by some people), has a markedly different landscape (cliffs are extremely rare in Denmark, but Bornholm has a high amount of them), and has its own long list of traditions/customs not seen anywhere else in the country
Jeg kondolerer for dit tab
Definitely a "what the fuck are the odds
Both of these will invalidate the argument being made, and must be pointed out no matter what "side" you're on
i've not really read details on it
Pan-scandinavism petered out after the loss in the Second Schleswig War
I can confirm this
They should be closed haha
Just shows Norwegians are the most likable
Well actually I’m not ethnically Turkish but being Turkish sounds good
Then slowly sailing home late at night with a sky full of stars and a bright moon to illuminate the way, and my girlfriend snuggling up to me
I heard but I was thinking about this [chart] were support in the Netherlands for an EU army seemed quite low.
Super basic but as someone born in 2003, I'd like to experience the super early internet
But an generational taint on the Netherlands?
Not that there isn't plenty of other stupid shit going on at the border these days, though
I'm pretty sure that for science reasons it has to be winter time, but I'd prefer summer time because it means that I can bike home from school or work without having to bring my lights all the time
Nice to finally see Europe waking up
i agree, spanish is a beautiful language
Norway feels more similar than Sweden
Either way they’re idiots who can’t see past than their own nose
I don't think Denmark would necessarily win it big, but it's an official sport in France and I want it to get more recognition
Black bread - rye bread is so much a thing in Denmark as well
So the small nations voice actually matters.
I married a girl from the island of Bornholm
Typos are my life now
I somehow misread the first word of your comment as "I" and thought for a moment that Mr
No this is a result of Trump and his crazy outbursts against both Mexico and Europe.
So if wanting Slesvig-Holstein means we danes got small penises, then you guys must be a bunch of pussies, going by your own logic
My sister dated a Dane from an Iranian background at one point, and when he talked about his parents it was very much about a "When in Rome
Why not have a flag, they’re beautiful and I can show of my patriotism with it
The man has no experience, intellect, insight, or redeeming qualities.
also, i've been taught english in school since 4th grade and more and more english is being springled into our language
Germans are welcomed as tourists
1028-1035 King of Norway
My little sister Tilde has been Tildchen since I learned German in school
In Denmark we have two periods of being free and independent
It's worth remembering this, when we look at war other places in the world
I'm from Aarhus :3 and I make the 60m elevation climb from home to work every single day T_T
Gustav Vasa cleverly used this in a propaganda effort against Denmark to rally support for his cause and to this day they still believe it in Sweden, which is somewhat annoying
However, gun violence in robberies, and domestic abuse is not common in Europe.
Raping women
I hope for this, as the only paths toward international influence
No need to keep the Swedes at an arms length if they don't exist?
Or do as the Danes and let the people save for their own pensions
I’ve never heard about it, what is it about
It should not be that ''ohhh shit
Adults, suburbanites and rurals are car people.
..and just as I finishen typing I discovered that Ragnar (after Ragnar Lodbrok, father to Halfdan) is making a comeback
That is correct, they entire map was made using copypasted tiles in MS-Paint
It's is also a thing in r/denmark "det er fredag mine gutter" followed by a picture of Kaj from Kaj og Andrea
Simply not believing in a god is very common, and in most circles you would most definitely be considered more weird for going to church every Sunday than for not believing in anything
If you don’t want to adopt German culture, you don’t get to be a German citizen
In Denmark, we say “Langbortistan” which translates to something like “Very far away-istan”
Cheers
There major customers are other companies like farms or the  UEFA Champions League
With their powers combined, they become **/r/Navia**!
Fucking idiot
Was just in Stockholm over the summer actually
It's funny, because in Danish it seems to be English influencing Danish
No offense (Unless u swedish)
It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever heard
At the same time, you are acting like an absolute shithead towards others, and making this sub look bad by throwing a temper tantrum.
It looks exactly like your property looks when you neglect to take care of it
Skål, Prost, Cheers, À votre santé, Saluti, Twoje zdrowie
Never, why would we even do that
Some places in Norway still say ones before tens
haha, yep
I just can't comprehend why you would do that to your poor feet.
We do have "den" which is either gender but it's often seen as rude to use about people
Can we join
Denmark has the oldest flag still in use
We just have welfare and unions
Luckily USA isn't even eligible, apart from not being in Europe, they don't have universal healthcare, and they have death penalty.
København er jordens centrum
I have read this comment several times over and still have no idea what you are trying to say
Religion (4 pages of questions most Danes would have zero opinions or interest in answering).
I had to look up "Royal Dansk" cookies as I've literally never seen or heard about them before but they do look good.
This looks really cool
I am more impressed with the painter riding it's back, making quick sketches.
We Danes can finally relax and let Sweden deal with the hassle of explaining the difference between - I may have heard it from somewhere, so it must be the truth - and plain old verifiable facts
That's my completely unresearched, gut-feeling 2 cents, anyway
The inhaling "yes" is (in my experience) more common in dialects from Fyn and some parts of Jylland
If you guys ever separate from the rest of the UK and get real independence, you will be a welcome new member in the Nordic council if you wish
Denmark - 1000 year kingdom ftw
:) (Also a bit of ruin visiting, church visiting etc in there somewhere though tbf..)
Apologies Scotland
Tallrik (Swedish) = plate
We have a lot of funny city names as well
Probably will not do it, for the simple reason that as long as we have the peg, the politicians can not mess with the currency
Not one, but a row of buildings in [Nyhavn]
How about we use this logic:
Which people understandably are angry about.
I think its totaly fine by the news papers doing this
Denmark
takker - plural
The norwegian was is more like "thousand and one, thousand and two etc
at tage en kold tyrker (taking a cold turk), quitting something abruptly instead of over a long time, like instead of using nicotine gum to quit smoking you just stop smoking
Danish/German border isn't that far from the original
But people have never assumed that my academic level was lower because I went there
They haven't achieved anything that resembles relevance since the 1960's and most of their members consists of FBI agents at this point.
A T can be gay, lesbian, bisexual or straight.
Greeting people at the airport
Which is very sad and needs to change
Isn't there a "Toyota" city
Take for example Nepal, the country of Mt
Or someone that **really** likes wind.
Ass bananas
We have the numbers of tens (in daily talk):
Both Apple and Ireland will try to delay this for as many years as possible even though they think they might lose.
Ah, you're joking, nice one, had me going
Go with the trains and Ryanair.
Sure Kim Jong Un might not call himself a king, but he inherited the country from his father, and when he dies it will be one of his children or his sister who inherits it, which is how a monarchy functions
It is
Like the entire population of Hungary says Budapesht
It's a city landmark and sits right in the middle of the most used street
never gonna happen, too many closet racists voting populist right wing parties
You get a route to bike and then some teachers will stand throughout the city to watch if you used the correct hand signals and so on
I promise you
I know, but that's in English, not Danish.
> Here are some examples
At least you Dutch guys didn't want the Swedish to take both sides of Øresund either
I guess I'm part of the hoarding hordes now
Other than driver's license or passport, the closest in Denmark would be the  ["sundhedskort"] (health card) (formerly "sygesikringskort" (health insurance card)) which states the person's full name, address, CPR number (literally Central Person Register), the person's doctor's name and address as well as municipality and region of residence
75%
One of the first time I was in the Netherlands I could never tell Dutch and Danish speech apart on distance
There's your answer
Did you get to see what you wanted
Must have been late 90s, early 2000s when they changed it here in Denmark
Buses also don't pick up passengers if they're already half full
They don't care about some statue they've never even seen of some guy they haven't even bothered looking up, they don't care about some song, some dance, some tradition, some culture or whatever
We should encourage Ukraine to move towards membership, but not in the near future.
That sure changed
It says on the eggs from my local grocery store that they shouldn't be kept at anything above 12C, so that's why they put them in the fridge
That really is some confusing cockery
Average stupid people in denmark
Hussein was a pretty bad guy (Let's forget that the US itself propped him up during the cold war), but the invasion set a very troubling precedent for international law violation, and the occupation was GROSLY mishandled afterwards which severely compounded perception of the war.
There are always exceptions, but apart from "When addressing a superior in the Army" or "Addressing another member of parliament from the speaker's stand" you're good
Rema 1000 is one of our best supermarkets
Having a career in a major political party
If you want to blame the West for something, you can blame it for not intervening more forcefully in Syria, and instead just letting Assad with help from Russia and Iran torture the population into submission
It's simply the way he wants people to view it, instead of how it is
We're already literally paying banks to loan money from our national bank to push down interest, so there's nothing to really push on on that front, and we're pegging _way_ closer than the ERMII requirements because we **need** the additional lower interest rates we can get by being even more identical to the Euro
It's nice but also dull, depressing and our cities are lacking beauty
**#¤&}#**
Don't know if there's a song in particular, but the artist Kim Larsen was top of his game for 50 years, he tried to break through outside Denmark but it didn't work out
People can be so insensitive
Det er fredag mine gutter
Usually my only hope is that we do better than you
In suprised Denmark is not higher on the list
Where are you from
Probably Norway
It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever heard
Just one thing slightly tangential
Gennem vores Skandinavisk samarbejdpolitik skal vi alle undervises i hinandens sprog, men ingen af os bliver det rigtigt - det er en af grundene til vi har meget sværere ved at forstå hinanden nu end f.eks
Some woman named Britta Nielsen, found a loophole in our entire banking system, and managed to steal 111 million DKK
Flensburg was the second largest city in all of the Danish Realm untill 1864, and Kiel was the third largest, and Kiel had one of the only two universities
Recently, different people have started bringing in cakes or other treats to share with everyone just as something nice for the team
Can you get married also in the catholic churches
Child porn was legal for ten years
That combined with wind is not fun
The ice just goes on and on
No Cuba
Reads like a poem
[Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, Enjoying a juice box, a hot dog bun, and a smoke (outside an Aldi supermarket)]
Yeah, at this point I'm just hoping some people smarter than I will figure it out soon :)
Hælde is more used now
I had some friends visit, and they had a room there with an *awesome* view over the river
It's just seen as fun and nothing else, and both parties know that
So it costs Trump nothing to do this.
Hey man dont worry about me, im just venting a little
I don't know how much of a unique concept it is anymore now that more towns and cities are being pedestrianised and efforts are being made to cut down on motor traffic
Painfully legal in Denmark and painfully common
I am so sorry to hear that
"Oil is just a fad"
Occasionally schools, nursery homes or just families will have one
The wind is not so strong in the [inland climates] Because of the [wind chill factor] the -5 C in Denmark seems more like -20 C with middle wind around 8 m/s.
Pusher (1996)
He probably did
Only 10 in Denmark
I recall some dancing too, but it gets hazy after that
Just a precision : In France, we're having a big "are survey really fair ?", i think in the world also, with Trump and Brexit who were supposed to lose, but in France, survey institutes are owned by rich families and corporations, or heavily related, which lead to ask if surveys really are unbiased, because Macron did badly at the debate, but he's the liberal-democrat candidate of the rich.
Been there a lot
our "red bloc" is rather large [List\_of\_political\_parties\_in\_Denmark]
I think I'll start using that in Danish (Jeg forstår kun banegård) when I don't understand anything
Yes, I guess, the last one is pretty unfortunate
Santa Claus lives on Greenland which thankfully had their own Greenxit
Is this the Soros thing i've been hearing about
And if i remember correctly there was a relatively big one in Sweden a few years ago
They would be more like administrative regions and thus no more inter*nationalism*.
What do you propose to make it fairer
A lot of coorperation is happening betwen many member states under the NATO umbrella without american involvement
i love these
Sennep
Edit: nevermind, I'm wrong
That's exactly it
>De siger Jeppe drikker, men de siger ikke *hvorfor* Jeppe drikker
&#x200B;
That story isn't true, though
Elections have consequences
AFAICS they have mapped an entire genome of a single auroch, and they have a mithochondrial genome as well.
and succes defined as creating lives worth living.
They just ignored Denmark
At least in Denmark, there are waaaay more volunteers than the military actually need.
For them a designated bike path is like a leisurely trail, where you can stop up to gawk at a map or maybe have a sip of water
in danish it sounds similiar to makron, which is a very sweet crispy cookie
I mean, I've experienced it my whole life and I'm in my late 20s now
As a European I'm devasted, as a historian I'm devasted
The National Aquarium of Denmark, also known as The Blue Planet
It's not really something that'll shock me or upset me.
**Sweden:** Norway's old friend
There's absolutely no "fun" about it
Let us be an example for the rest of the world
Danish culture is not arrogant at all though (well maybe a bit if you consider it arrogant to constantly make fun of arrogant people?).
That's what I remember learning
Dont look at us
And it's actually from an American hospital
“Moloch of War” is the same as “Sacrifice of War”, right
But, tbh, people probably already knew you were from the US the moment you spoke, just like they would for any other English-speaking country
Why the fuck would _anybody_ think that I'm a European official, even if I was - this is a _personal_ account
I have about 5 variations of "9/11" added as filters since around this time of year, my feed seems to get clogged up with posts about it and it's kind of exhausting
His mentality was Danish, his eating habits were Danish, his humor was Danish, he didn't care about religion in more than a cultural sense, he'd drink alcohol with us etc
Swedes just have to ruin everything good
It's become sort of a rebel flag
Because the internet
) Being only three guys we were often left semi-hungry
Because national culture define European culture, it's basically the combined sum of the culture of different European countries.
Ethnic cleansing has an actual definition and it isn't simply "One nationality/ethnicity attacking another." It may constitute war crimes if it's against civilians, surrendering soldiers etc.
How much do you reckon would be needed?
Bonus: We have the football clubs FC Central Jutland, FC Northern Zealand, Soutern Jutland Elite sport and we used to have FC Western Zealand
I don't either
But even then, we are doing pretty well nowadays, if you've never had modern Danish haute cuisine, try it
Part of Turkey is clearly in Europe so I don't see why people have such a problem with it being included in maps.
And now, suddenly, people are outraged
Sikke en god og sjov idé du har fået OP
In Denmark we have the same tradition, but in the midsummer
I love te irony of how a German is pointing out that we got greedy for wanting a small piece of land
Secondly, “the Nordic welfare model” is kinda overblown
Yet the opposite is a much more real danger nowadays
I've found that lots of Christmas lights help
I think modern turbines will try to position blades towards the wind for less but manageable efficiency
There's a verified names list, and if your newborn's name isn't on there, I'd imagine it usually isn't a difficult process verifying a new one
Sure, it happens and has always happened from time to time but it used to actually be so rare that it'd shock people and leave them in disbelief.
She was always pretty weird
I'm pretty sure the Muricans need the base in Greenland more than we do
And Denmark :)
I think modern turbines will try to position blades towards the wind for less but manageable efficiency
Bro you can't say it's ok , you literally copy pasted our language
Some put the flag on christmass trees, not everybody
Sønderjusk is almost it's own language
The wording that the parliament was presented for insinuated the law was written on background of evaluation from the Health Authorities
Fuck up free speech
Jutland - Farmers
Oh, you, too
Ireland: 5
Are you telling me that's all administration and none of that but a small amount is left
Basicly they are doing what apple did.
> displaying it for no reason is kinda strange
To the Turks saying 'it was never going to happen' the EU had a set of very reasonable requirements that even former Soviet Satellite states have managed to meet without great trial in order to progress towards joining the European Union.
Jeg kan være hvor som helst, når som helst, og jeg kan dræbe dig på over syvhundrede måder, og det er bare med mine bare hænder
Bangladesh, Pakistan, Morocco, Tunisia and -20something other countries- aren't as bad as Syria.
-10c to -5c : "Yay it's winter
This is probably the most used one: ["Egon Olsen template"]
I do believe Mozart was born in what is now Germany though
Politicians want to get reelected so they almost never want to cut spending if it makes their voters lose out.
"Lægge en dej" = "Drop a dough"
* "Gå agurk" ( Go cucumber) - Go amok
Everyone else must be unhappy
> they are silent as the grave
Konstig (Swedish) = weird
Then I began making walking part of my daily rutines, so instead of taking the bus, I'd leave earlier and walk for excersise
Farming pigs and pumping them full with medicine
Seems that most people missed the point of your question
Yes it was up again recently, experts have already deemed the law contrary to other laws that essentially makes it invalid.
u/Bl0odwork_ said he spoke Low German, u/ninjaiffyuh elaborated that Low German was actually its own language, descended from Saxon, and thus unrelated to Standard German, which is High German
Yes it is really nice to not have German (no offence Germans) but its also nice to be able to have kids without them having to worry
I really don't understand how we didn't make the list
As long as it's not a steel-and-glass cube with no other details, I'm all for it
**The original message in Danish:**
As a Jyde who lived in Copenhagen and the surrounding area for about 8 years, I don't disagree  with love of course, but damn I've met some snobbish cunts
I'm surprised Denmark isn't near the top with those weirdly high taxes
H'yes
Bølgen by Molo
In my childhood it was the greatest thing ever, but I've been in load of parks now that does theme parking way better
A large part of why they can do it so unapologetically is that they're an indulgence, no one is forcing you to buy them and no one actually has a need for them (not to mention no one really benefits from them)
Triggered
I guess years and years of bullying the Swedes has come back to haunt us
Storbritannien - United Kingdom
For Europeans in general and Belgians in particular, how do you deal with the variety of languages in your countries?
Snaps and it tastes awful
I don't know about the rape, but you're sweden, so that automatically makes you a hellhole
This is a really frequently asked question!
"The     one absolute indication for circumcision is scarring of the opening   of   the foreskin making it non- retractable (pathological phimosis)
In 1951 Denmark conducted an experiment, where "we"1 forcefully removed 22 kids from their families in Greenland
We already have vacuum cleaners though.
Don't we have differing rail gauges as part of the problem as well?
Now is the time to *listen* to the plight of middle America
Which will make Bridges GREAT again.
Jokes aside monarchs nowdays have little to no power over such matters
So building on the edge is a VERY BAD IDEA
> (Disney, Lego, etc should all have lost their copyrights on many things (Mickey Mouse, the Lego mini-figure, ...) years and years ago
Aarhus has the edge there of being a more exciting place to visit
That is a pitty
Pølsevogn !
They look different, they talk different, they have a different religion.
You will never take the queen away from our currency
I think it depends on the country.
lol) about that region actually.
They've made the racists and bigots freak out.
When William the Conqueror, Rollo's descendent, fought the English at the Battle of Hastings, 3 of my ancestors were present, one of whom shares my name
By the by, there's concentration camps in the US and in China, and the Danish government has not denounced either
The whole system is fucked, has been fucked for decades, and will be fucked for decades to come
Yes
Probably the pH scale, otherwise i would say the Gram staining of bacteria
My friends from the city like to make fun of it but always in a playful manner, never malicious
No, not really
I find dialects charming
I find it kind of beautiful and unique to know such a small language
Jeps, always funny to see cases were it's not so, in other countries.
) just grind me in all kinds of wrong ways
Even though the queens were not monarchs by blood I suppose they became monarchs through their marriage (correct me if I'm wrong)
'Le 'ord
I don't know any people with cats who dislikes dogs
Yeah, it was renamed some years ago
If the weather is good, I'll just head out, and then call my parents to get me when I've walked towards 20kms in just a random direction
I have my local Danish I support, but I also have teams in other leagues I will root for and they tend to be the big ones as well.
It's ærgre though
Saying ''April 20th'' here would leave a lot people confused at first
My dad lives in the north, and his elderly neighbours speak Vendelbomål (similar to Thybomål), and it makes no sense to me
That makes sense, I had a feeling that Franco was universally viewed very negatively in Spain.
It's because of the citizens' rights directive which dictates that if you're working in any EEA country you are entitled to the same benefits as a native
They shouldn’t continue to make them
Yup, I mean you don’t think of it as a system
It means you are in the same boat in this particular respect.
The difference between Brazil and the Netherlands is, that while a majority of people on the street are still undercover cops, instead of guns they are equipped with bicycles
Just use the norwegian words
I believe you can have exactly one lastname
dear sweden as long as you promise not to cross øresund if it freezes, i will promise you to totally not bonk you with a stick as is my legal right
I went to listen to a playlist I made ages ago and now only 5/20 songs are available
First word was blue for me too
A car in Copenhagen only makes sense if you need to carry more than you can have on a bike, or if you are making longer trips to outside the city, or if you have a physical condition that prevents you from riding a bike.
Maybe vikings were very concerned about bullying in the workplace
Place of birth
Danish has the “fandens” too
The Irish sure are taking this to heart
Men det gjorde de ikke
This, all of this
True, and how does that look today?
Firstly, the statue is not in Copenhagen but in Castle Kronborg which is in Elsinore (Helsingør)
In fact, the rent issue is so bad I'm leaving the city soon to move to mainland Denmark, as even with all the good stuff and how much I love it here, it isn't worth it
Basically a hippie commune with loads of weed, concerts and farm animals dumped in the middle of Copenhagen
Or just a "Hey
My statement is clear enough for those who have historical knowledge
Yeah, we have idiot politicians here too
I think it's technically a shopping mall since the individual areas of the building are owned by the brands themselves.
alright but it’s laughably bad compared to what it could be with how much we spend on it (does not apply to Finland obviously)
I think Fillon can be good for Europe as a whole.
But how will this be implemented
Og hjertet er helt i skygge
Tomorrow we're off to Copenhagen for a birthday party, so we'll probably wind up on Haché Gourmet Burger, or maybe on Copenhagen Street Food.
At least I always switch to this numbering when speaking to Norwegians or Swedes
Passing the 1863 constitution
Alcohol overconsumption
The benefit of marriage is the legal reasons.
Have you ever talked to any Americans who actually do work
Ireland on the other hand
It is unfortunately necessary right now as removing border control between the Schengen-countries requires an efficient control at the outer Schengen border, which is not the case now.
And you know like fucking Linux
i'm sorry
Not to mention our old minister of foreign affairs
Not sure if that’s how it works for everyone, but that’s my experience at least
I know how to walk, both uphill and downhill.
", whereas the "to arrive" meaning is found in Shakespeare
If they want cheap wine, they make it themselves
You should go there
I diasageee that it would be so difficult to unpeg it, we would always just peg it to the pound or the doller instead.
Isn't 4th of May the celebration of the liberation of NL though
People still have their mind set that buying an AC is ridiculous
Anyone got a good documentary on IRA
So stuff was done, obviously not enough
It has the exact same difficulty as counting in German
lauhgs in like 10-20 different dialects/languges despite having a population of only 5
Of course
It's far better than Chrome is, IMO
Sad to see her take a step back from national politics, but she is really having an impact where she is now
We'd probably just try to get attention lmao
I was once at someone's house and they had an ice cube maker and water dispenser build into the fridge, American style, and I nearly fainted
this is how they check if you have a ticket
I don't want the EU to start interfering in internal Turkish politics.
- They sign up to the program saying "we would like to reforest this area".
I mean in a world without nations but only regions united globally, you could hardly claim to be international anymore
the british just get extra furious about it for some reason.
There’s a generational divide
You really should look into stockpiling those emissions and practice aiming them.
Obviously Americans will point out the regional differences, and they exist, but on a scale maybe 300x that of Europe
Well the point isn't freezing your pasta just quickly cool down the outside, if your pasta is cold afterwards it have already been kept there for too long.
The movie Basketball Diaries was "translated" to The Streets of New York in Denmark
automatic
The term "särskilt utsatt område", Especially vulnerable area, is used
Ok thats good
Luckily it never got further than that, but I'm unaware of how it became deescalated
Maybe 2021
And that's even his country's fault
[M/S Maritime Museum of Denmark] build at an old shipyard, really cool location next to [Kronborg Castle] (Hamlet
(Like they would be forced to do in a private company).
Our parliament had to vote for a law, which they were told was made on scientific background by the responsible authorities in "embedsværket". That turned out to be a complete lie
Most likely every single story from Hans Christian Andersen
I would say most people knows Russia is orthodox, and of course Italy being catholic because of the pope and Vatican in Rome
But these laurels seem so nice to rest on...
In my circle, it's often seen as a small "roadtrip" done with friends and family for fun and such
It’s actually kinda strange because most Danish schools don’t even have a canteen either, 90% bring lunch from home (and the rest goes out to buy kebab or whatever)
Interesting
A lot of things can backfire but things need to have consequences.
Where NSDAP at tho
The closest we got was in 1994 on Aarhus University, where a guy killed 2 other students
I don't agree, what's you're reasoning that it's inevitable?
No, i don't feel personally attacked, as the candidate i voted for is a part of the ALDE, which is the "centrism is exciting" group
With *gift* you might have to do some grammatical finagling to get a pun to work
It depends completely on the radio show.
It's believed the majority of the Jutes emigrated to Britain by 500, as their lands in Jutland were exhausted
> On the other hand, there is a lot of ways you can get injured by a knife that doesnt involve violence
Society's views on things change
Though when children get to the age where computers becomes mandatory for everything school related, they tend to get better at file management and other computer related tasks
I once met one fellow Greenlander in Italia, felt weird, since there's only like, 100.000 of us in the world.
and so there's more traffic and more idiots
Swedish hair (svenskerhår), hair in a mullet (short choppy sides, longer back)
10/10 would drink rakia with them and wake up missing a kidney
* 1866: The king and the largest landowners(Lords) get the right to more seats in the Landsting, which was one of the two chambers of the Folketing
If not them, Russia or the US
And gymnós means naked
I never lock my doors if I'm at home during the day
Damn, I remember a really good barbecue at 10c last year
Hence the need for keyword filters
Only knew of signal because of the Hong Kong protests
I don't think Denmark, or the Nordic countries necessarily, have been a hotbed for progress
I know it myself, I'd do the same if Greenland wanted independence, but you know what?
Regarding jobs I was super disappointed tbh
Let me save you the trobule and just give you the site with all of the information:
When are you returning the Duchy of Holstein to the Danish crown huh?
I can tell you it's MUCH more expensive here, I think it's only 250-350 grams per jar here, and it's about 30-40 Danish kroner, so about 4-6 U.S.
Hartmann A/S
But everything else about the place is just wonderful
It's in the danish dictionary
I'm just happy to hear that you are taught that the danes also were vikings
It automatically calculates the price when I scan it while exiting the vehicle
the swedes are great and you would be lucky if they bothered to invade the baltics again.
Not being a genocide denier here, im really curious why this has gone completely unmentioned in the 5 years of highschool/college history I took
First of all, i feel danish
I have written this message on Danish first, and so over-put every word to English for, so widely as possible, to conserve the words original placement in for-hold to each other
>A regular bottle of Beefeater 700ml will set you back 25 EUR
Just a head's up, biking isn't \*that\* common for everyday commuting throughout all of Europe
> India
I'm shure you know it better.
I’d say she’s had *lots* of beers
Titanium was huge, and I think it might become a classic
I think it's important European news considering Trump has been supporting (directly or indirectly) right wing authoritarians in Europe (and outside), like Orban and the the PIS party, which has been a lot closer to destroying the EU than Brexit ever could
No, you have to park at the bottom and buy mountain-climbing equipment from the local store
in most towns, people here in Denmark have "fjernvarme" - which is basically heat transfered from a heating plant, through water (in pipes)
I believe you just have to get mandates at "regionsvalget" as the bare minimum to be qualified as a politician, or you have to be part of a political group, who got a mandate
[It's very new, but judging from the fact that they only started half a year ago or so] I guess it won't be long untill we see locations in the rest of the country
Some advocated as I said that nude pictures or soft core child porn were "just playing with them naked" and "they don't even understand what's happening" and "we're just encouraginh them to be comfortable with their bodies".
but only recognized by a few other countries that also claim land on the south pole
30c+ : "Please kill me
Miavkat = Meow-cat
It's been Danish for at least 1500 years until Bismarck in his wisdom decided it too was German (and was then Germanized up through to the 1920 referendum).
The rest will be rebuilt
Edit: thinking of it, I also think the whole "two pour"-system comes from back in the day, where it was mixed, as you'd pour 2/3s fresh and top it off with 1/3 aged beer
>Det fremgår endvidere af kommissoriet, at der mellem den danske regering og Grønlands landsstyre er enighed om, at det tilkommer det grønlandske folk at afgøre, hvorvidt Grønland ønsker selvstændighed, og at nyordningen intet ændrer herved, og at selvstændigheden i givet fald skal gennemføres ved indgåelse af en aftale herom efter reglerne i grundlovens § 19
But we usually celebrate it on Sunday and call it Fastelavnsboller
They just want power over others, which is why they never stop, even after achieving what they were originally campaigning for
I was genuinely shocked when I learnt that the US has a higher GDP per capita than us
Jørn Dohrmann (Dansk Folkeparti) (?/?) He has possible gotten misspelled in the PDF, not entirely sure
I really like the Spanish girls name “Dulcinea” which i first met in the book “Don Quixote”.
We do not want France, Germany or Spain to have more influence in our politics
But we got LEGOs
You seem to be missing the point.
We cheer when Sweden gets kicked out
But that's a whole other ballpark
I mean, no of course not
Very saying though, that I suggest a well-known Islamophobe and your reaction is to suggest the spokesperson for Islamisk trossamfund
Absolutely not
They're not controlled at all
I also disagree a bit with comparing American and Danish flag use
I'm pointing out that it *does* happen.
well your president was 1 of my choices ;)
I don't think there is one
Where did you hear that
They were a bunch of regular guys, lead by Marius Fiil, the innkeeper of Hvidsten Inn
Since our Czech mod left, defenestrations have been off the table
That said, many courses are taught in Danish on both bachelor and master level which probably would limit your choice by a lot - especially since you need to speak Danish to actually apply to those courses
I spent 2 weeks in Germany and had Apfelschorle every day, and I have never had it before or since then
Yes and no, someone much smarter than me on the subject eplained it a few years for me
I would say this is successful training
I think it's due to a really high tax on nuts, but I'm not 100%
So are Swedish bills, you have a 20 kroners bill for gods sake
Can someone send another EU money train?
Despite countries like Rwanda & South Africa are literally equal to European countries
No Greenland
So I think it is futile to try an preserve them
Could very well have been me in my early twenties
And i pay because i like the general message of jesus christ, to love one another
English Spanish and Chinese
That doesn't change the fact that citizens in said countries don't want more.
she was some depressed teenager in a tiny town chatting up strangers on the internet.
We were neutral during WW1, and barely fought in WW2
I've also heard about men who take their wife's last names.
I would say a songs from Gasoline or Kim Larsen  ( Danish national musician ) would also be on this list
I actually like the taste of pizza so completely overwhelming it with the ananas taste is just awful
Jelling has the famous Rune-stones placed by Harald Bluetooth
Speaking a different languade makes a huge difference, also the little things like you have to pay to use the bathroom in German gas stations or that you don't have data on you're cellphone anymore.
In high school a organization called the sexualisterne visit and give lectures
With the Atheists being the second most popular "Relgious affiliation" (yes i know Atheists take issue with that designation, but theres not really a good word for it besides that)
Hope it does
It's difficult to say which I like the best.
Denmark
I dunno, you should probably ask in /r/Europe.
I would rather retire in Medellin Colombia
Not often you can find it, but it seriously some of the best steaks.
You’ve had it long enough
Within this context 'liberalism' refers to the superstructure, to the in society dominant religious, legal, and political systems
I’d say that 3 out of 4 people I met in the beginning kept asking me about work morals, being humorless, beer, sausages, and whatever other stereotypes they may hold
It's the same thing in Köln, where they just patrol the halls with a rack of kölsch
And there's no snow here in lovely rainy Denmark
She has never lived in Denmark and knows next to nothing about daily life here
syv og halvfems (seven-and-half-fives) :)
Hvis du bare havde vidst hvilken voldsom hævn din lille "smarte" kommentar ville bringe på dig, ville du nok have tiet stille
Because our nation is older than 300 years like some other nations *cough* USA *cough* so we have alot of old bullshit laws.
While the relationship between positive and negative then indicate how well they like that country
Key difference is, *most* European democracies changed it because this idea that the wealthy are smart and put the needs of the state above their own needs is silly and also goes against the liberal ideas that spawned the democracies
30+ years ago a child could pick up a Commodore 64 and start programming
In 1951 Denmark conducted an experiment, where "we"1 forcefully removed 22 kids from their families in Greenland
The Indian subcontinent alone has had as many wars as Europe.
> Funny thing is, Danes have absolutely no idea who he is
Drinking in Denmark usually starts around confirmation age, and gains frequency through the teenage years
Like I’ve been put on a bike since I was three or something
I was on several as a kid in end 90's and start 2000s
That aside, u/Huletroll said, nobody had ever claimed that it couldn't prosper on its own
Well thank you
I wouldn't say Nordic people are rude but it's apparently how we seem to people from the small talk types of countries.
Just googled it
My sister is pretty good at browsing the net and such (and has been for a long time) but with a computer she is slightly less capable
Make that Starköl, not the weak stuff
Yup
I went to Ireland to pursue a career in technology
Another thing: It only occurred to me a few days ago, but politicians actually cannot get fired since they are technically employed by the people
Yeah, if you actually watch things in other languages I can see that being a problem
Hell, my mate didn't quite get why I wanted to do anything else but smoke weed, but he came around when I suggested we take the Heineken tour first
I have a friend from Boznia & Herzegovina who feels the exact way too
Once in the train I heard a woman speak a language I didn’t recognise in any way
Dutch, Russian and Polish I can usually also catch
I'd like a proper license test, for EVERY SINGLE person with a license, every 5 years or so
We had an exchange in 10th grade with a class from Farum
Copenhagen really does get much more attention and money than the rest of the country, and it’s a shame
That’s my experience at least
I'm not so sure that he actually backtracked.
Long, pedestrian-only shopping streets
And as a woman, thank fuck for that lol
That said our countries are old and parties don't have to die just for doing badly for a decade, our liberal and conservative parties lived under nearly 100 years of Social Democrat re-elections from WW1 until the 90's and they managed to bounce back and except for a distastrous few years (I think the last social democrat government lasted 3 out of their 4 year term) they've had government from late 90's to now.
Every party in favor of the border control takes great pride in the fact that they do it to keep out those pesky muslims
He got thrown in jail in Italy for murdering 20000 christians
Historical events and objective truth are excellent for the suspension of disbelief, but it's not really ever what it's about
You already have new Orleans
Well, and then lending Greece German taxpayer money anyway, while the Greek economy is collapsing because of austerity.
Well, you sort of hit a sore point about Randers
That would just put even more distance between you and number 2?
> My guilt is proportionate with the quality of the wine let's say
I think they realise that blatant advertisement like that would backfire and create negative feelings towards them
What are some good keywords to search for in Russian?
[Biksemad] is the proper use for HP sauce.
People just eat it throughout December
The most important aspect of any economic or political system is the actual real world application
Now we can even use the whole
[Example here]
Was not expecting this
Groceries a bit but I don’t pay anything towards mortgage or rent
The EU expansion and the speed of it were British positions/decisions though
Hotels
There was certainly a time back in the 90's where young guys were very prone to pterodactyl-related things....
My laptop
Went to Kraków last summer and absolutely fell in love with the city
we aren't exactly racist against black people
Clearly i was talking about Danes only.
159 dead
Now how are we going to reweal the Swedish spies
&#x200B;
It is of existential importance even.
My train just stopped at and left the Central Station in Utrecht
I don't know what happened in my head, but I just got really angry and spoke to him like I used to speak to the kids I used to babysit
I also have various gardening tools made by Fiskars, great products imo
Vikings bathed weekly with cleaning hands, face and genitals daily (Using the same water but hey, baby steps) They were more hygienic than the Britons.
Both talent going to the rest of EU, and tech conferences in Portugal
I really don't know, but on all our other lines you can actually fit 2 people on those seats, so we've just halved the carrying capacity
The blue and gold color on the top is really nice.
&#x200B;
000 DKK a month you’ll get about 20
[Here's the picture]
Norway and Denmark are united in hating sweeden
I think some cities have rivalries with other nearby cities (like my hometown is the closes big city to Aarhus and we have a rivalry), but I don't think its as serious and Manchester/Liverpool, nor do I think people outside the area are much aware of it
Just to name a few)
that's what the bell is supposed to mean
I believe that most of the homicides are performed with legal weapons.
No, but they didnt have to take Norway :(
He'll understand me fine as well though so it's not like we can't communicate or anything.
But plz don’t give me that bullshit with “defending our culture”. How exactly is European culture realistically being threatened by Islamic extremists
Do I personally feel "European" at all
Another thing you can use it for, previously stated, purchase of alcohol, which you can do at age 16
I wonder how 'orolig' remained unchanged then though.
And then got annoyed with people when they asked what he meant, or whether he was from Panama
It can also be used as ID for example if you are picking up a package from the postoffice
It's OK
If a large truck comes you have to pull really far over into the grass / dirt
Do other european countries have this kind of education policies???
Varde, Denmark
Same with Denmark:
But it sounds great and I for one think the German council of words should embrace it
I don’t know what countries they still rule
Hitting a Christmas of all places is also extremely cold blooded.
But Iceland of course has the old style language and little horses
The US military killed him
MØ is pretty popular recently: [Final Song] and [Lean On]
**Belgium**
At least back when I was in school, it was up to the student what dialect of English they wanted to go with; British, American, etc, as long as it was consistent
i like that
None, but the Roman Empire never really got all the way up to Denmark as far as I know
And in their legends are a grain of truth
He's lying lol
Kaj kager, flødeboller, rødgrød med fløde, risalamende, hindbærsnitte, all so delicious and very danish
Vejle's Bølgen and Fjordenhus are cool :)
Likely you might pay at least 10
And, I think you are handling your history perfect - not your fault, but you have a collective German responsibility to remember and teach
It doesn't look as "manicured". :)
We also have significant overlap with Atheists, and Christians, with many being both
the problem is co2 absorption and retention which algae does a shit ton of
Well, we do eat more than 70 billion chickens a year.
Which is obviously ridiculous
However, the only American base within the Kingdom, that I know anything about, is Tullebasen on Greenland
In a lot of software programs I will generally use the English language option because I spend more time thinking about the intention of a setting/button when it’s translated into Danish
Well I don't think there's really anything that I know of and would be interested in buying that costs 1 kr
Then you would experience (weak word), first world war, civil war (were Ukraine was especially intense and complex), de-kulakization, hunger, Stalins repressions, second world war (including among many things holocaust by bullets, interethnic conflict and a multitude of partisan movements), hunger (again), the thaw under Khruschev and relative economic progress under Khruschev and Brezhnev
Only ever encountered it without hellige/holy
It has to create a cozy (cozy isn't the most accurate word, but it's the closest English word) atmosphere in the room to be "hygge".
We also say "lange nosser"  which means long balls and is synonymous with something unpleasant, annoying or otherwise negative thing happening to you
Sweden deserve only the loudest of booing
Vastly depends on which non-eu county
A friend of mine did that in *Iceland*. The first and only time she did it, although she did make a great first impression as everyone thought she was super friendly and generous
Bradford, England
i guess the dutch would have a referendum and that would be a mess, but it just doesnt feel like it's that big a deal in generel.
Us Northerners commonly have carpet or wood.
There's no way of knowing exactly
And I got a fondness of the Romans
Expelled from the school and, at least at university level, propably also be banned from reapplying at that university in the future
You got to respect that
I think Scandinavian countries are too content to unify, really.
I find it odd that the UK values the US more than Europe.
It will also be necessary to rekindle class alliances and re-building the political hegemony on the left that working class interests enjoyed in the past; to reconcile the growing split between workers and intelligentsia, which has been spurred on by anti-intellectual rhetoric from the social democratic side in particular
There are no way to adjust the monetary policy of Greece relative to that of Germany
Just kidding, I am reminded of Ireland every time I watch a goalless football match
OP here
Don't beat yourself up about it, map is still wonderful
>Imagine having a mission blowing up a biker gang's clubhouse with rocket launchers
Violent
The thing is, he's not really saying *anything*.
She will leave the euro and finance the deficit by letting the Franc deprecate against the euro.
It sucks
I'm every nationality in the EU and identify as it all
The only reason I learned English was because we went to America for 2 years
You will also need a strong preferably recent military history, a tradition of strong standing armies which makes military personnel a crucial and important part of society, as well as the military having an important political role to play in said society.
I’m so interested in trying some Balkan food
But it's been a mild one this season
Im from north jutland and some 10 years ago i spent a few years in cph (søborg) - fuck that, people were all “ah, så du er en bonderøv”. Dude, i would rather go out in aalborg than get paid to go out in cph
Martin Luther King was the super racist of all racists, he thought all races are equally superior.
You’re right
Nope, not enough greek statues there, we definately need an agora.
In that way you would get a lot of rural localities with more than 1000 inhabitants
But since then prices has gone up, and I am not sure if we'd gone there now, we'd been able to do that
What's up with France
I was very naive thinking everybody at least know Nagasaki and Hiroshima
Lets make a deal: You stay away from the sidewalk, we stay away from the bike paths
A lot of people in a lot of countries are uninformed then
I'm from Århus so I'm a Århusianer.
* Sæd (Semen)
We do only in physical bridges.
honestly, that's actually far better than I'd expected -- this means that over half of the burger boys have at least a basic understanding of socialism
I think it's flawed to try and define a political party around the worst of their voters
Rügen now belongs to Denmark
And we'll better tell our oil industry, that they never should've bothered getting all that oil out of the North Sea
I have only seen windows like the ones in your link once
"The     possibility that routine circumcision may contravene human rights  has    been raised because circumcision is performed on a minor and is   without   proven medical benefit
It has something to do with the state of war that existed between the countries for 400 years over who was the dominating country.
So without our largest company, by a mile Novo Nordisk, all the billions of dollar of research they do for profit, and medicine they produce for profit, wouldn't be there.
* Wind: 67 %
The USA invaded nations illegally killing millions
The gluten avoiding, cell phone causing cancer, "Natural = Healthy", antivaxx, "ohhh scary GMO
There are old warehouses at the habor where they would store imports, among other sugar and tobacco from terroritories in the west indies which tells us something about slave trade, international trade etc
Sometimes I feel like the English wiki offer more information, I do use the Danish on occasion when I am reading about something very specifically Danish
We have almost the same in Denmark, in that everyone makes fun of the Copenhageners for being upthight and fancy, but somehow still socialist hippies
The milk proteins and lactose in butter just contribute in a way, which no oil does
I was poking fun rather than being serious.
Margrethe is my gal
Depressed
And mämmi
You are giving a speech and you have people behind you cheering your or booing at you
Roundabouts isn't good for bicycles (more unsafe than traditional crossing) - but much safer for cars.
It's weird because most Danes I know think the Americans are overdoing it
Fair enough honestly
Just moved to Germany couldn't be happier
Your company's should
Nobody spoke Low German in Kursachsen, so either you conflated Low Saxony and Kursachsen, or you randomly brought up a different part of the country with no relevance to the conversation whatsover
Have you listen to any experts opinion on the argument?
They have negotiated several restrictions to immigration with the current government and compromised on a few welfare reforms.
The ad is what you don't understand that people are celebrating, right?
I do support EU cooperation I just don't want a political union.
Also, the weather is shit
Even another university in the same city
Long term - I think he has conjured a fundamental uncertainty in Europe as to American involvement in the continent.
Bro you can't say it's ok , you literally copy pasted our language
Hi, my name is John, it is a pleasure to meet you
That being said, the coasts are pretty need due to our policy of keeping them free of buildings and human activities
Wow
Wendy’s is 0,95 L.
You can fly flags from the Nordics without permission
Our dictionary is only like 2000 words long or smthn so i’m afraid the language will die out some day
But if you don't, you might socially and culturally find it not as good as you hoped for
It's written in a very boring and slow way and most of the main characters are not great people
It turned out that it wasn't, as it was simply just made on gut reactions, but they didn't say that, and purposely misled the parliament to get the necessary votes for the bill, as the Social Democrats do not command a majority in parliament
Well, maybe a well-off, city-dwelling federalist from Finland is quite similar to a well-off, city-dwelling federalist from Portugal, but neither are representative of their nations' average people
And in the Danish populace Brits/UK'ers/English are seen as kindred (in a EU-context)
I think I'd like to have learned the truth about Denmarks role as a slavenation
England has one of the better teams but a midfield of players like Eric Dier and Dele Alli is nothing compared to players like Iniesta, Busquets, Isco and Fabregas for Spain or Kroos, Özil and Götze for Germany.
Being middle Eastern implies being Asian
As far as I understand Spanish politicking, this is all about hiding and diverting from corruption that both the Spanish and Catalan president individualle partook in
[Whigfield - Saturday Night]
That's not how my friendships work.
45 is sooooo early
I hope it didn't get watered out too much
Or is the number of women drinking more than once a week?
You have no idea what freedom of the individual means, do you.
And if so, what is stopping the companies from giving non-cash benefits instead
I'm not at all sure if you have it in other countries, but "hjemkunstskab" or cooking in English
How many "recent attacks" can you name that were committed by refugees?
Edit: It's not like we don't get to know about it, but there aren't dedicated lessons about it in history class
NOT COOL
I think there are still stores with only women’s clothing
Please read my edit as I am tired of being strawmanned
Not really that country specific, but god damn, teach the children Excel
This is most likely because the country is quite densely populated and a decently large portion of the forests have probably been cleared to make farmland
I noticed you didn't comment on how people arbitrarily claim free healthcare isn't free, but free road usage is
You can be anything you want if you don't say Sjøpnhamn - that initial K has done nothing wrong, it just want to live its life and be respected as a K, a hard and proud sound
* " At falde er ingen skam, men at blive liggende er" (to fall is no shame, but stay laying is) - No shame is failures, but not trying/giving up, is great shame
I believe the are also counted independently by multiple people, making it hard to fake the result.
I really like the cold, I love snow, I am going to miss it since it kinda seems like inevitable and it makes me so sad that even though I try myself so hard even by donating money to causes and keep recycling and telling everyone I know about it being a serious thing now, things only will get worse
Pavarotti
We could have joined the Allies before Germany invaded and allowed them to set up defenses in our country
Us barbaric northern Europeans
The two very friendly young officers questioned me and my partner (2 Danish guys) a little about our plans in Taranto when we said we were just on vacation
Jeppe Kofod participated at the seminar and at the party they threw afterwards
* 1953: The voting age is lowered, a conditional female succession to the throne is introduced and the Landsting is dissolved, so that Denmark gets a one-chamber system with the Folketing as the only national representative assembly
Higher crime-rates due to being an immigrant are a (myth)[#Germany]
A generation back, most people had only one last name but today kids usually get both the father’s and the mother’s last name
Even if there is a large swedish talking population.
Denmark same temperature same amount of rain same ocean view and same size
> 5% 401k match plus additional 3%
That was a good vending
Let it be a recipe, word meaning, etc
Sometimes they'll say A la orden and i'd reply with Buenas as well
From my experience it was as i told
The closest we get are the cliffs at Møn. But they aren't even tall compared to most other places in the world
A dude in a previous thread who was from Croatia said this would happen.
He thinks its nice meanwhile I'm dying
A lot of churches out there are absolutely stunning, when I come to a new village I almost always look inside the church
HAH
That’s awesome
“itinerary”?
What i wouldn’t do to be in austria
No warmer than this though
If you compare dealer ship prices Denmark would be the best place to buy cars in.
[like this]
When I went to efterskole faaaar out in the countryside in Sønderjylland it didn’t sound to me like it was enforced in more rural areas
no there are two types of buns with small brown bits in denmark: raisin buns and chocolate buns
As always, I want to start off this "Christmas-card" by talking about how it is to be a moderator on the subreddit
This is my progress so far
Although you can shoot pistols it's harder to get into and more expensive since clubs typically don't have any pistols you can borrow, just rifles
[The same is true for Nepal] and [a big part of the Andes Mountains are in the Tropics]
What a poorly researched and awfully biased article.
You probably won’t even be able to tell the difference, with the normal stench coming from Malmø.
They have some suburbs which have received a lot of immigrants and refugees in recent years, and that does stretch resources a bit.
I think they realise that blatant advertisement like that would backfire and create negative feelings towards them
You have la bise, many find that an excessively nice and too personal greeting for almost strangers, to relatively good friends
And thanks for the background of Norberg; I thought he was generally well-known, so I didn't include it
I actually thought the European adder (hugorm in Danish) would be on the list as well, but the last time a healthy adult in Scandinavia died from a bite, was in 1994 in Sweden
Now to my favourites
If you fail to pay your mortgage and the property ends up being foreclosed and sold any debt left is still attached to the person.
Drinking tap water is perfectly normal
It's written in a very boring and slow way and most of the main characters are not great people
Sorry for the confusion
I've used English to an extent where it seems natural to get stuck in one of the codes once in a while
As long as it's only down *between* tiles, cobblestones or whatever, walking above it won't "wear it down" anyway
We are talking about net contributing, so Finland and Ireland don't nessiarily need to send more money to EU - just receive less - and EU would have more money to redistribute elsewhere
The current government of Turkey "hates" Europe - but realises that it could gain a great deal by allowing European Trade through its borders.
USA states have their own laws and regulations that are more diverse than how the Nordic states operates.
You only lost a battle, the treasonous colonials can still be brought back under the crown
Pretty small country you got there
But I don't see why they should be critiqued for being creative with the native resources
Absolutely
I have no idea what the world will look like by then.
I don’t know about her abilities in file saving and such but I imagine they aren’t great since she’s used to google docs since that’s used in school
I have not seen it all far from it
If it's not allowed by the Castillan government what will happen then?
Norway and Sweden look very thin (outside capitals) compared to Denmark
I don't go to Copenhagen often, but when I do, I almost always see a couple of Swedes trying to drink themselves to death
But totally makes sense given communism
Det var det
Clothes are clothes man
I thought it was a fluke at first, but it kept happening
I'm pretty sure only the  Americans do that and we all have a version of "milliard".
Er du i Danmark eller lærer du det bare for sjov
that's what all elected politicians should be working towards.
Probably the Leader of Nordfront in Denmark or the Leader of hizb-ut-tahrir in Denmark
edit: I get it, I know russia has WMD's, I was playing it safe because I'm not an expert on these matters
I was so confused for a moment there...
The movies were wrong
It really brightens everything up.
For women to have the freedom to make their own decisions, and live whatever kind of life they *want* to.
The way I heard it was " Ich bin böse und ich knalle mit die Tür", which translates to "I am angry and I slam the door", but in Danish it sounds like "I'm gay and I fuck with the bull".
Besides a little thing called geography.
Didn't go well
It is very common in Denmark, and completely integrated into day to day use
But I say it like this  [kʰøb̥m̩ˈhɑʊ̯ˀn]
Thanks OP
Obviously EU countries are very different in this regard, but I don't know why you got downvoted for that, because although it may be anecdotal that's exactly my experience too.
[Danish Plates]
> Ask any not-brainwashed Russian and he will tell you about that
Dining out is expensive and not something most people can afford on a regular (multiple times a week) basis
So we need to ban Russians too?
Parental preference alone does not justify  a    non‐therapeutic procedure
They said the Christiania bike would be “the car of the future”.
Routine infant  male circumcision does cause pain and   permanent loss of  healthy tissue
We just have to make the system even more complex
Also the biking lane has room for about 3 bikes side-by-side most of the way, so it's easy to either just go with the flow in the inner lane or to speed up if you are in a hurry
So while their income may not be so as far from the Average Jens', we still have immense inequality in Denmark, and many are struggling to get by
There are things I like and appreciate about living in the country I do, but I didnt earn them or create them, and I don't take *pride* in them, and I don't think might country is somehow *special*.
Spain's song that year was an Argentinian Tango
Like I have no idea what I should do with one leg and one arm.
Since I couldn't read the article (some pay wall) I don't have a direct link, but looking at the [publications] list I can't really find anything either.
How little help you can get if you have an unspecified illness
We're aware that it's done 'med et glimt i øjet'.
Yes, that would be what we tend to call *culture*. Me being a Dane is genetic on the ethnic level, but in terms of culture, that is something I have learnt, yes
Speaking English as a Dane is game of avoiding speaking Danglish
For example: "Ikke for skolen, men for livet" ("Not for school, but for life")
Also, they banned fun in the 60's.
Scotland deserves socialism good and hard, no doubt
It still exists in some schools AFAIK, I applied for a job at one where they mentioned it
Try checking out this webcam site at night
It's not really crime ridden or a shit hole (in fact most statistics says crime here is among the lowest in Denmark), but it's generally stereotyped to be filled with uncultured, aggressive and violent people - both as a joke and because people honestly believe so
What's Belarus like
I also like the German dialects
Drinking bottled water is seen as bad for the environment and a waste of money
We were first
Woooooow, that guy is spot on
I've never been overly sympathetic with A.
I definitely see the issue with that, but really, you can get there with five minutes of public transport.
Nice
We were in a hotel packed with chinese turists, my brother’s girlfriend picks the last butter from the breakfast buffet - as she continues to scout the buffet, a chinese bloke comes up, takes the butter from her plate and leaves
They were all very interested in my work, and also talked about why they were in Copenhagen
First set of vovels: On the island in the stream
I currently have a German exchange student living with me, and she had to toast our ryebread extra, because she doesn't like how mushy it is (she also didn't like how sour it is, so now she just gets German ryebread shipped to her, from her parents)
Racism, war crimes, genocide are not unique to Germans, that’s true obviously
most of it is in need of reform.
Bosniaks are pretty chill and open to discuss politics, when talking to older people you could sense sadness when talking about the war, i remember talking to my hairdresser in Sarajevo who was in his 60's and he told i don't hate serbs i just don't like them, i won't forget that, you could tell that he was honest.
Been drinking a lot of water
Usually the areas around the coasts on eastern Zealand are very attractive and expensive, but Brøndby Strand is an utter nightmare
just give them passports afterwards.....
I think that's a bad idea
Old-style æbleskiver
yep
I can always go visit those other places with different nature, different culture, different food, different history etc
The Rock is a good example
Oddly enough I don’t think Denmark do - North Pole is apparently no mans land
blah blah everybody not opening their borders and recieve immigrants with buttcheeks is literally hitler.
The same can be said about yours
> Public nudity and sexual openness
I did not expect to see a The Julekalender reference here on Reddit.
I agree
>Turkey
But I think in older apartment buildings you still opt for the outward type because of their design
As things currently stand, Europe would be hard pressed in a conventional war in Easterm Europe
which is probably a good idea if you are a health freak
I came to appreciate how blunt and visceral Danish is when I lived abroad and spoke English as my main language for nearly four years
White Horse is one of the most samples songs ever
Man
> and the fact that we heat up olive oil and onion in the pot before cooking rice by default
Daily/semi-daily in the traditional news media
I was too late, and still do regret never taking the internship
I wouldn't drive from Stockholm to Copenhagen; just fly it's faster and can be cheaper (I've seen return tickets as low as $11).
Can we get a rebutal map for the United States
Damn
Some of the [old buildings and canals] in Copenhagen have taken inspiration from the Dutch
I'm personally not bothered by this particular flight exhibition, but if there was a vote to do it or not, I would probably vote don't.
I'm happy I own a car
I got my tonsils removed at a private clinic, where the government paid for everything, since I would have had to wait for ages if I didn't go private
Even transit through Scania to the island of Bornholm was closed, meaning that Danish citizens couldn't travel from one point in Denmark to another, unless they took a plane or ferry, which were overbooked
I wonder this would look pr capita as this just says there is a lot of Germans
Is that really what people have against it
And if you ask the Danes if they want to expand the EU you would get the same result 75% against further federalization.
Just to expand on the civil engineering part, what we call civil engineer (civilingeniør/civilingenjör) is what would be a Masters of Engineering degree in the US.
They were very biased
Thousands of people sleep on the streets every night there, yet a fucking company needs 10 skyscrapers
Got plenty words that are expressed exactly the same way in danish, some even spelled the same, only way you know what is meant is context.
Cash tends to get lost, I forget it at home, change is bulky
If you order before 5 pm on weekdays, you can at times be lucky that the package will delivered next day to a 'pakkeshop'.
Fun
Fifteen looks really good
He made it all the way to a fancy restaurant without realizing his view of the country was wrong
Time helps a lot, too
In the town I'm from when you're extremely drunk you're 'svenskerfuld' Drunk like a Swede
We should make a religion out of this
They are just a bit slow
"Popular" doesn't equate with "good", especially not when it comes to food.
It's that don't give a fuck attitude exactly.
Apparently, the original school had been seized, and only the younger children were allowed to still get taught
It's incredible how much time and energy they spend on it; I've learned that there is no such thing as 'just food' down there
I somewhat agree with you, but it's a huge divide between europeans at the moment, and the vocal minority that you talk about is not small by any measure.
After you answer that, tell me which NATO country Serbia attacked so that a defensive organisation had to fight back
Absolutely spot on in the sense that it’s often purely political and cultural when it comes to clarifying which languages that classify as independent languages and which ones that could be merely considered as a variation/dialect
Not if we did it alone, but if the EU as a whole stood up to China, I think the results could be positive
This is dope
Thanks for telling about it
Often when I read something in Norwegian it takes me a few sentences before I realise that it's not Danish
Gulf stream + coastal climate
Their problems (when it comes to EU requirements) would mostly be political stuff I think.
You're absolutely right that respect through differences shows strength of character, of which Trump has none.
It certainly goes both ways
Most of the reports seems to suggest that the economy is going to level out more, but I'm curious to see where you have those numbers from
* Sædballe (Semen butt)
In other words, when you put money into something only to *perhaps* get it, then it is gambling
I would put Greenland before either England or Iceland
Just say what you really think, you want to kill all men.
The point is that places like London and Paris are no longer as great as they were before because of the foreigners.
Together with Poland and perhaps Romania
So I my self differ from what I said.
Probably, but I'm guessing it's not common at all
I have never seen anyone store eggs elsewhere than the fridge
Danes are the nicest people in the world
You mean BBC
I used to watch english youtubers and watch the video with subtitles then when it's done I watched it again without subtitles and tried remembering the words
If you were at a typical student bar on a friday or saturday I dont think they would even give it a second thought
Yep
I have no idea what stereotypes there are about the Danes
The man took office Friday, but Europe has had to listen to his ignorant BS for many months now.
I doubt the people in the NK prison camps find him very comical.
That years ago Romania tended to produce good leaders and Romania has been one of the great success stories of admitting former communist countries, me and many others are extremely thrilled about how Romania has been effective in combating corruption.
Probably with a lot of prejudices of you being a real redneck with all it's stereotypes.
Halvtreds, tres, halvfjerds, firs, halvfems
In Sweden alcohol is only sold in stateowned stores with high tax, and stuff like that
>de ce românii sunt obsedați de opiniile altora despre noi
So, ignoring the actual merits of this system vs that, I think the practical reason is often "because we're a monarchy".
I imagine they get a lot of borderline rude comments..
Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, English, German, French, Italian, Spanish
What EU
I absolutely hate fish
Boo, hiss
However, I've only ever tried one with an electric engine on
Yes, it's a private school but not religion based
Federalization *is* positive change.
Perhaps some of the other smaller islands like Langeland as well
In the end neutrality meant nothing for the stronger powers.
There used to be these ads run here, where they went to the US and talked about general facts-of-life stuff
My father plays L'Hombre (a very old Spanish card game) and you have to take out cards of the deck to get down to 40 cards
[Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, Enjoying a juice box, a hot dog bun, and a smoke (outside an Aldi supermarket)]
Swap the spoon for a coin, and you have the recipe for kaffepunch
He looks like a younger Uffe Elbæk (DK)
I would argue that Danmark, mit fædreland is a much harder song to sing well, and I think it'd end up being absolutely butchered at football games etc.
You know about holes
I was too late, and still do regret never taking the internship
They got us on the run 900 years ago, and back then, not many could do that!
Source: Am from Odense
they always ask me why I am studying in Europe instead of the US
Skede (Danish) = vagina/sheath
then you don't have freedom of religion
Morten Messerschmidt (Dansk Folkeparti) (ABSTAIN/YES)
&#x200B;
r/im14andthisisdeep
+ The decision of how to sing the song is only up to the Television Company (Latvijas Televīzija) and the artist
They both died in the mid 90's, and I never got to spend a lot of time with them, since we usually only visited a few days during the summer
And other languages can’t?
Why is it always swedes having dumbass opinions
I barely know
It's about 6 hours by train away from me, but that's why I enjoy it
At least I have seen lots of pictures from the 50's of university-students wearing their graduation-hats
Lanciers (which I actually kinda like) is just like
It's not specified
" What was his alternative exactly
Grammar + vocab = Pretty easy
The arrival of the Railway, and the establishment of the radio factory
Well taxes are linked to GDP - VAT and income taxes are in procent - so the more money that moves around - the more tax income.
I used to work for a company that made radars, and we bought many components (ferrite phase shifters and cavity resonators) in Russia simply because of the quality was good.
We don't have those in Germany
* Has your view of Sweden changed during the Corona virus crisis
But keep in mind I'm just a pleb with no education/special knowledge within the field
Kissing the feet of the Chinese at every turn
r/truecursedimages
Not a **huge** no, but please don't call people Mr/Ms [LastName] unless they're old enough to have experienced the Napoleonic wars
I identify completely as Danish - I've never lived in the US, I don't feel at home in their culture, and though I speak English completely fluently, my accent isn't even particularly American-sounding
The simple thing would be Hungary kicking out themselves
Idk what this is, but it's very wrong
Doesn't have to be in Europe for it to be Danish ;)
You can influence the market by changing the central bank's interest rates, but you can't control them
If they want to backdate Germany 1000 years, what regions will they want back or what kind of german states do they not consider german?
Do you remember the election in 2015
Like a zucchini, a carrot or something basic healthy
(I'm not entirely surprised by it though) Do you have some sources for it?
Not to mention that they only get fined for the tax evasion that gets caught
Beer is widely consumed
I actually agree, I like the "touch of green" you sometimes see on cobblestone plazas, streets or whatever
That goes for every country on the planet.
Danish word for traditional mail, like the physical form, is post
It's pretty clear that you two know absolutely zero, absolutely nothing about Danish history.
The stuff of dreams
_I'm late again
For Denmark the most dangerous animal would be the Wasp
Because disaster can strike at any time, and when the bullets or bombs start flying....our boys run TOWARDS the chaos, while you emasculated Europeans cowardly run AWAY from it.
> You must have really dry weather,
why not rename to relevantslavia?
Dumber than dirt, that guy
I've gone on 8 school trips abroad during my years in middle and high school
In high school a organization called the sexualisterne visit and give lectures
Northern work ethics value hard work and long hours over relaxation and enjoyment of life
Never heard that, but I have heard "Du store kineser"
It doesn’t happen every month, but every other month perhaps
[Here's an article (in Danish) on the event, with pictures]
>instead of words like ATM they use words like Bank Machine(translating Estonian word into English)
Because the same thing happened in Dutch, it was *nadra in Old Dutch
Get on With the times Germany
My whole life I was just waiting for someone to have the guts to tell me the truth!
That I know of at least :)
Which also just happens to grant access to all the other EU countries...
For both Greenland and the Faroes, independence is a silly and unfeasible idea, but that doesn't stop both countries from going on and on about it while continuing to enjoy the financial support from Denmark that they need to keep going
Ahem
Most of what you hear here is probably true and yet we (in Denmark) actually have a problem with lower income families not going to the doctor enough.
etc
At least
Not native so can't say which one is better.
Mental healthcare is unfortunately pretty underfunded so waiting times are often looooong
I think being anti-vaxx is being physically abusive with your children, and should be punished the same way
Kageclicker2630, it was
Calling oneself ashamed of a small rural village being conservative and, well, rural, seems incredibly odd to me however
This sounds very universal, and Denmark is not more socially conservative than more diverse less ethically homogenous countries, quite the opposite, if anything
So many Americans answering the subs and try and make it about America
I eat them whole as a side
The Danes are very self-important, and believe Denmark is the greatest place to live
2500 = two thousand five hundred = to tusinde fem hundrede
New polls show that 70% of republicans still believe that the election was stolen
French or german becomes mandatory in 5th grade
Sickness doesn't care about how many sick days you have
Something can be democratic without citizens getting to vote on it.
Yeah stuck in our tent and we couldn't get it out
I presume the other Nordics know this one?
My favourite example of how bad planning in Brussels can be was from the road in front of one of my classmate's house, within two years they tore up and repaved their road three times; once to lay down new gas lines, another to lay down new electricity lines and a third to put down new water pipes, while each time took months to do the job
But my experience was as described.
and we welcome him with open arms
That is correct
Sweden
Also I think you meant dredge, not drain
I buy every tool from Fiskar, if available
Southern Europe commonly has tile floors.
I wonder who was the first brave soul that started uttering blasphemies in a way that it caught on
Either way, it doesn't affect me - after all, they are the ones peeking into other peoples houses, why should I care
She's not the only source I've found but it's especially important in the darker countries like Sweden and the like
Yo I didn't know Lithuania used to be that big
And there’s also those stories where he goes and visits schools and gymnasiums
Unless of course you are intellectually honest about it, in which case what he says is absolutely true.
Why does Biden look like a kid that's sitting as his dad's desk
Saying conspiracy-theory doesn't count as an argument
I love it
After all, child pornography was legal in Denmark for many years
In Denmark it’s a major meme how we always go “try to say rød grød med fløde
At all
I saw a rule for spelling necessary
Every year (except for this crazy 2020
But they are Deutsch, i can see where the confusion comes from.
No no, it is very serious
It's Scandinavia on the other side of the world.
i dont know if this is just a thing for movies and tv shows
The cities are much older, and the first skyscraper you build will look really out of place
That makes 0 logical sense
ouch
Let me guess, they are Iranians?
Pilou Asbæk should play Prince Henrik
Now we might get a week if we’re lucky and we temperatures barely go below freezing
well the minimum wage in poland has increased over the past years
Legislative authority shall be vested in the King and the Folketing conjointly
Jeg synes hollandsk er et dejligt sprog
Last winter I almost backed into a bicyclist when reversing out of a driveway at night
I frequently mention the Netherlands as a way more friendly place when people point out how friendly everyone in Scandinavian countries are, ironically, lol
Never heard of that
ATM's and banks with actual money are getting closed down everywhere here
If anyone is gonna bully those drunken pieces of shit, it's gonna be us
The english call it the great vowel shift, but it happened to all germanic languages
No, but I have a PhD in reindeer estimation
Te quiero un huevo
So, would love to come see one day
and if i lived there, i'd spend most of my time trying to move out
And all those nationalist (FN, UKIP, AFD, ND, PiS, Fidesz, etc pp) nutjobs are doing a great job dividing Europe.
That sounds totally reliable and they would never misrepresent facts in any way.
If we want a good EU we better put the same effort in it
That sure changed
It seems like we have stayed that way for a long time now
Seems to have gone a bit out of fashion though
In that case they might as well just get rid of the insane costs in England instead and spend that funding there
While they make fun of the rest of us by saying we're poor, incest loving, farmers
They exist but no one uses it
> Får får får? = Do sheep give birth to sheep
Danish youth are the one that drinks the most alcohol (in Europe or the World
Afrikaans: Very little, same as Luxembourgish
Iirc we have more salmonella in pigs than chickens
What about all those students running to school with toast in their mouths
For their gondola, obviously
Sit in a park and drink beer all afternoon and enjoy the sunshine.
She is hands down one of the most authoritarian prime ministers we've had in post-war society
Sure, but even then, every country puts forward a song that *they* think is a good "Eurovision-sounding" song.
Three girls who had been talking to them from behind then slapped them on the back of the head and told them off
It's a closed system of sorts
Needless to say I also have "go outside to the trashcan" or "work in the garden" or "walk around in my house" shoes and that i have a lot of floor mats
Sweden and Denmark have fought each other for centuries and hold the record for most wars fought between them
I am from Jutland so I probably feel less connected to them, compared to someone from Bornholm would
I thought they were fewer than us
It's not just executives and managers at international firms who are expected to know English, "even" basic-level retail and "blue-collar" jobs often require people to have at least some knowledge of English
If they do anyway they can be fined, typically 10.000 kr (about 1.300 €) per call.
Also, like u/Pistollium wrote, we do not use ä but æ, and they do sound similar
they're not at all uncommon, and there's a buddhist temple nearby.
It might be easier to help you in your decision, if you tell us a bit more about your interests and the reasons why you are considering going to Denmark?
Usually with good friends, there's an unwritten rule that if you paid for drinks, the other one will pay for drinks another time
Politicians in representative democracies are constantly at the mercy of popular opinion.
Was that you
I’m visiting the Faroes in December (if corona allows) and was worried I would seem rude if I just speak Danish
Never seen a need for investing besides safe investments (as in real estate and bonds) for that very reason
Spain lost territory in that war.
Which is the reason why it's more difficult to treat and more lethal than stab wounds, as per what the UK surgeon said
* Coal: 68,1 %
I still don't know how to say kamelåså
And I like to read about surrounding countries as well
He decided that a young man like me was perfect
A bunch of local farmers and knights banned together to try and oust the Germans and the hero Niels Ebbesen killed Grev Gert in his sleep, during a heist to try and take back the city
The vast, vast majority of them are not racist in the slightest.
CR just acts as a "netflix" for Anime, still need country-specific licenses
We like our privacy
+ The decision of how to sing the song is only up to the Television Company (Latvijas Televīzija) and the artist
The problem here in Denmark (and probably in Norway as well) is that the heat tends to come with humidity
If we are just awarding titles today for turning up, then yes i suppose, I Dub Thee Belgium, the Powerhouse of Mediocrity..
I know surprisingly little about my owns countrys history, compared to what I know about pretty much the rest of Europe
This is not helped by most Danes having subpar English pronunciation
Cluj-Napoca is first mentioned in 1213
In the Sahara, preferably
Some people buy them as vacation houses for a few years.
The bar won't close and the beers won't stop coming for at least a few more hours
In my opinion it’s the best, but it does depend on what you are studying
The point is that capitalism is a flexible enough framework that is able to include "socialist" policies like the ones you just listed
To be perfectly honest, BA was only on the returning flight as the LHR-LAX one was operated by American Airlines
and obviously also because we have actual definitions of what a human is.
A national passport
he does it only to provoke
*then the fest will soon begynde
Don't forget Xi
Well you get a diffrent kind of tingeling sensation in between your legs on a bidet than when firing assault riffles that's for sure
Donald Trump
In the 1950's 22 Greenlandic kids were sent to Denmark,
For example, a garbage man can be more successful than most people, if he is happy with his life.
Funny enough, we Danes also always joke about Skåne (and Halland, and Blekinge) being a part of Denmark
I think the Faroese might you beat you up if you said that to them
I’m a little embarrassed by the fact that it gets so much attention and money
Oil and gas is less than 15% of the Russian economy.
But as far as I see it, Greece or Italy would never leave the EU, so even though her economical policies in the Eurozone were bad, I don't think she could actually break the European unity.
The cycling infrastructure is good many places, but it's also lacking many places
Do you mean two copies of one passport (so, he just has an extra passport), or two different passports?
Not really great
Now if the Gulf Stream changes or worse, ceases to exist, we might see another Ice age
On a world basis I imagine
I wouldn't say that some bakers still use chocolate to make their cakes
So why should the act of cutting off the skin of the boy's penis be legal, when we already have banned female circumcision for both religious and non-religious reasons
That genuinely makes me happy
Not really
No, they were paid for by taxes
Translation: "In Denmark I am born, there I have home, there I have root, from there my world goes
It reproduces and in its modern use finds root in the liberal concept of nationalism
seemingly think that it's racist to guessing wrong..
The question is if Italy will leave schengen after this
But it's not over and it won't be over for hundreds of years after we die
Winter solstice was on December 22nd
The first two rulers of the Kievan Rus, Rurik and Igor, both have Norse names (Rurik is from Old Norse Hrǿríkr, while Igor is a Slavic rendition of the name Ingvar
There are standing agreements with both the Faroe Islands as well as Greenland, that they can unilaterally leave the Kingdom
The rules that were changed under the "new" Danish taxi law clearly indicates that an old business had not changed with time.
I've only ever used one like what you linked to one or twice in my life
Now do one:
Like last year, the British take the second place, with 8,1%, then the Dutch with 7,2%, and then the US-Americans with 5,8%. Just shy of the podium there, but maybe 2021
It was changed 5 times
Is it just me or is this a bad map/legend
Username checks out
Jeg vil fjerne dig fra jordens overflade med en præcision du ikke vil kunne overkomme, mærk dig mine ord
> "Au" (which means meadow)
True
I hate biking - I can't really explain why, but I just think it's really uncomfortable and I feel like I'm constantly close to falling over - so I have only ever done it when my parents forced me to (and at a couple of school exercise days where it was also mandatory)
That sounds absurd, but I know it happened
Norway has never been a colony, and to claim as much is rank revisionism
This will screw up student in the capital.
* Middelfart (Is funny in english)
We also don’t have as many Indian immigrants as USA lol
I recognise that socially, I am Danish, but if I had the means to do so, I'd happily shed my layer of socialised nationalism, and instead live as an internationalist, to the bone
Thanks :)
I wouldn't call a God a fantasy character (unless they are named after the Marvel guy, which, to be fair, isn't too unlikely)
Glædelig jul til jer alle
I'm not denying they believe these things/act in that way
Few years later Sweden split in half
Every country has kind people, just as every country has rude people
I dont remember any of these
Rebæk Søpark (think that's what it's called) is the ugliest building in the country IMO
This Frenchman speaks the truth
Beklager
Yeah or Mexican, Thai, Vietnamese or *real* Chinese food
Johnny Logan :D
> Hope this shit closes mink farms for good
Blinkende lygter (Flickering Lights) (2000)
All those religious groups that were hunted around Europe for their extremism went to America to avoid it
Start showing those Mountain rednecks what large scale infrastructure is all about.
We've been too far north for many empires to want to conquer us, and as a result we and the other northern countries have been able to pretty much stick to ourselves
Morgenbrød: DK bread eaten in the morning, NO male erection in the morning
When it came to individual battleground states the polling performances were mixed - but all underestimated Trump's support.
Scandinavia not topping a list, this must be an error in the measurements
Imagine if the water outside that dam is just a meter higher than on the inside, and the dam then breaking somewhere
Many features of deco, such as streamlined design of buildings, haven't been seen before or since, except in post-modernist buildings that specifically draw inspiration from art deco
Pindsvin: porcupine and hedgehog
The basis  for    the measures of a society must be an unconditional respect for  the    bodily integrity of an under-aged person… Circumcision can only  be    allowed to independent major persons, both women and men, after it  has    been ascertained that the person in question wants it of his or  her own    free will and he or she has not been subjected to pressure
Damn Nazis, they broke our streak
I'm not a fan of our government, but the fact that our PM actually acts like a professional is really, really nice.
I have written this message on Danish first, and so translated each word to English for, so widely as possible, to preserve the words original placement in relationship to each other
You can’t throw out a fast remark
It sounded horrible
Most of our weather comes from West.
I learned "Tomorrow belongs to me" once when I was in a local production of Cabaret
> , great piece of 80s New Wave
Not my country, but I did live there for a while in the early 90s so
It came with a nice behind-the-scenes tour
"Kamelåså" isn't really annoying.
They are more criminal than the rest
Would you say that the brits ruined Britain
Billund is because they have our second largest Airport, as well as Legoland
quality and because of Apple's business model
It has become a thing among many of my friends.
I think most Danes would say Copenhagen - especially the Amager area, so I'm going to throw a curveball and say [Århus]
The first existentialist was Søren Kirkegaard
So you don't feel the "roasting" on your skin as much, it feels more like you're suffocating on moist air, every part of your body is constantly sticky etc
I actually think the guys in the video make their case in a pretty calm tone and with reasonable arguments.
I like Icelandic English, even though I’m a native speaker (it can get a bit cringe if people overdo it, though)
Austrian because it is comedic in a fun way
True eg - state controlled might be more safe.
Yes the decision is made, but the Art.
Many old names have started to become popular again
Maybe some Norwegians can add some more insigths
Was "hon hon hon" in the Guardians title?
>!The Nordic model isn't particularly 'Social Democratic' for that matter either
The highest point in Denmark is 172 m above sea level
So, having this nature by the sea is a huge relief, and the fact I live by the sea, or else I'd go insane if I couldn't be in beautiful nature
Squirrel
Also when they leave the church together we throw Rice at them
Denmark is missing
I wish I knew that before we bought a house together
Although also a decent amount of black
And it also means farting
A lot of people care a *lot* about us winning the 1992 EM/EC European Football Championship.
We used to do it every Wednesday, but now it is only the first Wednesday of May
As far as I can see we will be giving assistance until 2020, but I may be wrong.
The Blonde Women reference for Bulgaria.
Maybe that people expect us to be perfect somehow
Where are the meatballs
I'm not saying ruc is trash, but if I have to compare RUC to it's peers, I think the consensus is that it is the lowest tier of em all
I loved Dublin
They wanted to wall in Copenhagen, and then just made the rest of Sjælland and Lolland the other part
How the happy hell have you not heard of Melonpan
- People are nice, when they don't try to cheat you because they think you're a tourist
Maybe outside of EU
I haven't had a big problem with it, no
I don't think dual citizenship is necessarily fucked up but it's just not done right atm.
If you live any of those places you'd likely be able to save around 300 to 800 euros each month depending on the city
The Copenhagen dialect was easy to understand but the ugliest one as well according to the results for example
> It’s also not a religion, it has all the attributes used to classify a cult
I don't either
No rise in crime rates, the country hasn't collapsed, and if you don't know where to look, you never even see any of them.
[Well
They revised the data sets There was a problem with economic growth being non existing since the 2008 crisis, while unemployment also dropped as well.
So where is the picture from the late 1970's?...
Should we include Iran because of it's historic ties with Europe
It is, I wish they would vote to leave soon.
No country has fought as many wars as we and the swedes has
There is a source detailing vikings arriving in England in 787 as well, but I don't know how accurate it is
Did he ever say the same problem didn't exist here?
That is wrong, go to the pages relating to the PM and it will clearly say she is Head of GOVERNMENT not state.
I believe several European countries have the same dates for these events, since the Germans retreated at around the same time
Thank you for all of the support
Kinda like the danish “overskueligt” which means easy to look over, as it’s easy to understand or do
I said "never"
Compared to the rest of the world we're honestly in the union thats the most successful at fighting those influences.
And think, if you are ok with your neighbor owning a more fancy Mercedes then yours BMW.
In Denmark some also watch the Disney animation at christmas
I’m scared
It's a myth that Danish has more English loanwords than Norwegian and Swedish
Huh, isn't that weird, seems the EU has 10% of the fatality rate from Salmonella that the US does
The Netherlands Surgeons’ Association
Why not teach kids some biology while we're at it
They attempted to create their “perfect society” - weed, no advertisements, and of course no cars
and instantly I head a boy cry out: "Rädda Joppe
It takes about 4 hours driving from one end of Denmark to the other
[Here's] a map of danish dialects.
It's nice but also dull, depressing and our cities are lacking beauty
Article 17 - Right to property
You vote for people who choose a prime minister.
Has been in many fights with Denmark
There is no chance I'm a fjeldabe, that's for sure
And Goliat was killed by a sling, so neither really fits.
Ahem
We have a shitton depending on who you ask.
I remember as an exchange student, gaining a bit of weight and how hard it was, not to eat something processed, cheesy or sugary
Klippeklistre
"Er ist *ja* ein Idiot"
Nothing much otherwise
Nowadays you can still find some old dudes in Norway's rural side making beer like they always did, with yeast cultures that in some examples have been kept alive since medieval times, and thanks to primarily one man, who toured the area a few years ago, West Norwegian yeasts(kveik) are some of the most hyped yeasts in homebrewing circles and among smaller breweries
The patriotic use of the flag in the US feels to me as a political statement as oppose to use it simply because it's nice (hyggeligt) as in the Danish way
Oh good it was a silly fight anyway
They can make of that what they like
You actually have "nemas problemas" in the Swedish language
Google "Danish winter" and [this picture] is the first that comes up
Yo, there can't possibly be a railway going all across the Baltic that's insane
Again, this is tied to the concept of base and superstructure
As far as I know, there has only been three people that have been fired because of their misconduct
The Slavic tribes on the south shore of the Baltic did it and the Slavic tribes along the rivers in Russia did it.
Imo it's not that bad
Thanks for making the post, I like keyboards :)
The number 4
Most houses just have ordinary ones that open to the side, while apartments abd such will typically have the ones that open up/outwards
And there's plenty of words there that most regular Danes won't have any idea what means
When Denmark decided to spare the Germans in WW2
Aren't all the student loans in the US federally backed
You wrote earlier:
You never heard about the fact, that the King at the time, Christian IX secretly proposed to Bismarck, that all of Denmark would enter the German Confederation following the defeat
By simply using the same alphabet you can read signs, get some idea of what type a shop is etc.
Aalborg
Nah, it's not like they have to move out at 18
I originally understood it as only being danish artist but it’s a lot more than just them
Or Hillerød, almost 50 km from Copenhagen but the same prices for housing as most of Copenhagen as well
Det er slet ikke svært
Just gonna latch on to this comment to keep the English ones in the same place
A proud tradition
[She's got a love for hotdogs as well]
You apparently have no idea how politics works.
Similar to the freedom of speech or religion
I feel like Nyhavn is in every Instagram ever
Russia is making us all look good
>Driving on cobblestone paved streets sucks
Although the lead singer is Norwegian, the band itself is Danish
> the convention to represent certain sounds with digraphs
I think it's enjoyable because it's kind of funny
Once you're in your 20s you can start talking about an expectation to move out
My point is that it is possible to have reliable electricity distribution  without big central power plants
Removing the taboo around suicide and being ready to discuss the issue helps more kids than medicine.
It’s the 2nd time they’re doing it, but I see it becoming a tradition to watch for adults
Yesterday it caused a big uproar when the national tv station decided to speak over/translate Joe Bidens inauguration speech, making it more difficult to understand than if they had just let him speak
They dress him in the Baton's clothes, place him in the Baron's bed, and play along as if Jeppe is the Baron when he wakes up
Meanwhile, I saw a whole two people wearing a mask when I went shopping yesterday
My friends in Moscow who are all really well educated all talk about moving to Western Europe or the US so it's not exactly the first country I would move to, no matter how pretty and nice it is.
Wait, you guys really say *Geschoß*??? It rhymes with *Moos*?
I was very annoyed when I found out not even IKEA sells it here
Cold winters
Brand new 777, where I was lucky enough to have the four middle seats all for myself
That's not good
Some argue that they are, but that makes little sense
We do the same, except we usually play a type of five-pin billard
But that doesn't mean guns are not an important factor
Good thing though, most can speak english, so shouldn't be a nightmare to visit
We're as conservative and change averse with grammar and spelling as we've been idgaf with pronunciation, it's an odd combo
like a bombing in Harrods in the middle of the Christmas shopping
And what about their child, which is heir to both countries
Not mock, no
But Denmark did miss out on the oil though:
For instance, Americans think eating horse meat it despicable and immoral, and have for all intents and purposes outlawed it
As he shouts the “password” the guy is spooked and fall into a small stream
Else then that it looks better than ever
I'm pretty tired of listening to it.
Including all staff and elected politicians being required to submit expense accounts.
* Quoll = pungmår ("pouch marten")
I did not bother looking for that article.
You could at least help us this time around
Seriously - we've had like *one* week of 25°+ weather, all other weeks being these grey and cloudy 18° days
Vikings and not Columbus discovered 'Murica
Not in my own country, no, though that's not so weird, considering that the only remaining area that can even debatably be considered "old-growth" is only 10-hectares large...
I've heard that before too, I even heard that some people were confused why a guy like Jan Heintze never played for the Dutch national team, because they never realised he wasn't Dutch
Thank you all so much for the suggestions, i am going to tease a few things:
So maybe this is what OP has seen.
In the US, people typically vacation with just their immediate family like spouses and/or children
Icelandic is impossible and Faroese
A new union could form between the "net payer states" if other states don't believe the deal is good enough.
I wonder what happens if a ship stuck in there ?
If the refugees are able to find other housing at the same cost within the municipality, they're free to do so
I buy all my clothing used
not anymore, but you do have to work at least a few hours a week to get it
Yes, but what's the end-goal here
Geesh, wait till someone tells this guys that Iceland isn't a part of Scandinavia either
It's not that Europe is that densely populated, Australia is just the definition of sparsely populated
That doesn't require German machinery
Cougar-alert
Denmark saved so many jews, and it was mainly doable thanks to sweden - gotta admit that
It’s getting irritating
France - Frankrig
Hygge is apparently so difficult to translate, that the word has been adopted as an English word
Clothes with logos on is a big fashion no no in my book
Kan folk ikke lide vores 97
I just gagged a bit
I propose a splling reform
You may think I am lying, but I remember one summer day in 2006 where I was asked twice on the way to the supermarket if I was either looking, or if I knew of someone wanting a job.
I guess
Today Århus and Pafos officially become European capitals of culture
One between Scotland and Bergen in Norway, over the Shetlands and one between Dover and Calais
&#x200B;
I don't really trust DR with our taxmoney, they use it to transport personal horses across contries.
So my family will now have conversations in German, and I will just be at a loose
We're getting an experimental signalling system, which is also billions over budget and over time
It happened in Copenhagen
The traditions and rules of the British parliament, both chambers, are among the oldest traditions and rules of all parliamentary systems
Thorvaldsen though, is soo cool
Sweden and Denmark have fought each other for centuries and hold the record for most wars fought between them
Edit: You can even Take a train all the way from Copenhagen to Hamburg
Danish is very easy for English speakers to learn
It seems, that all of them has a very realistic chance of becoming the next president of the France.
It was abolished a decade ago.
But complaining about our prices is a pretty Danish thing I guess, hence why people flock in thousands every day to go to Germany to buy candy and beer
Like how I get downvoted by people who don't even know what the sub is
Took a Swedish journalist for a ride in his submarine, only to [murder her and cut her to pieces] before dumping the body parts in the ocean and denying knowing anything about her disappearance
Jesus that doesn't look nice, impressive that they have managed to spend that much on it.
Also the biking lane has room for about 3 bikes side-by-side most of the way, so it's easy to either just go with the flow in the inner lane or to speed up if you are in a hurry
Adults are free to choose to expose themselves to danger
En islænding der snakker islandsk til en hollænder, en svensker der snakker svensk til en islænding og en islænding der snakker dansk til en svensker..!
It's not for nothing that moldova is the least visited country in Europe
It might due to the y-axis being logarithmic instead of linear
The way that it seems that Norberg understands it, is in a way that is associated with the command economies of the old soviet system, which, it is true, Sweden experimented with in the timespan from around the 1940'es until the 1970'es
"det østrig-ungarske rige" or "østrig-ungarn"
Bicycle Buddies Friendship Club = abolished
It was fun while it lasted
Actually agree with a swede for once, not too fond of the religiøs middle eastern origin
Obviously it is unacceptable by today's standards, but back-projecting those standards onto the past and then condemning people for failing to live up to them is just madness
no clue, maybe 20%. And that’s from a Dane: our language is just as much a potato in the mouth as Dutch
I would rather retire in Medellin Colombia
It's very rare for me to meet a person who haven't atleast smoked once, atleast for the younger generation ( I'm 18 ) I would say it's pretty popular
Other than that, we get up early to see the sun rising and go to bed early as well
Policies regarding the internet should not be made by people who don't know much about it
All companies left, farming declined and cities are increasingly being depopulated
If you talk "folkeskole", which is before high school (age 5-15/16) and high school, it's gotta be Herlufsholm, which is a private school combined with a boarding school
Nordics holding strong
...Unless
I just thought it looked very similar to another post I saw yesterday
Of course you are blessed you have such good neighbors.
So for instance it is also to have a combination of a heat exchanger and a wood stove
You can have a pony instead
Obviously it's even warmer down there but it's a dry heat so you're "just" roasting
**Germany** deserves mad respect for how the evolved as a country post-WW2
Wouldn't make sense with all the differences.
£9000 per year is absolutely fucking insane, honestly and afaik it is not even just oxbridge but all unis because setting it lower than the maximum by law would indicate you being a "lesser" school
Not a great look really
That seems to bring some warm comfort, or "hygge".
Kind man, but it was kinda strange
Hope you're doing well over there
You literally just showed me "Yes vs no" votes and concluded it's all pro-EU.
I live in Copenhagen, what
- School system is
In Danish, ''to speak Swedish'' means that you are saying completely unintelligible things
And to the users of the subreddit, and to the users of the discord
Wouldn't Odense make more sense then
It's literally the national symbol, and the symbol of the state
Danish newspapers are having a field day today
Why would you have such a strong opinion of something that you didn't know
> digitalisation is still regarded as this obscure new thing
People who say American flag-use is excessive obviously have never been to Denmark
Honestly the only one I can think of in Leslie Knope in Parks and Recs saying ["Denmark ødelægger alle"] which she honestly did pretty well
If its the second worst genocide in europe since The Holocaust why havent I heard of it
The Nordic region is huge
**How in f*cks name did he kajak 5400 km straight on open sea, on his own
Sweden
War on The Netherlands and Denmark actually
I will support rail ways going anywhere if it can limit flight usage
Eu văd pe subul din când în când, și eu placut meme-uri de acolo mult, dar cred este un pic prea complicat, când vorbiți despre politică și altceva că nu este chestiuni simple
Every time there's an article about anything bad about Islam or something bad muslims have done, you've got these people.
Fuck People Who threats Thunberg or her family
Joaquin Phoenix's siblings are called River (deceased), Rain, Liberty, and Summer
There are places worse than Sweden
Could be wrong though
Well, you are *allowed* to do it :)
> æ a u å æ ø i æ ø
Likely even double that
Either you fail at reading comprehension or you are intentionally misleading the thread.
Circumcision used to be common in   Australia,  but the  movement against it spread faster there than   America, where  rates  continue to drop
A long, thin bread in Danish is af flûte, which means flute in French
Yes, we typically speak English
Well, I'm not an expert, so there are probably a lot of nuances that I'm missing, but the minaret ban that another comment mentioned comes to mind as something I'd consider to infringe on the freedom of religion.
Growing up, my father (Who i lived with for most of the time) cooked
However you have to hold a majority of the vote and therefore you have to get along with other parties to create a proper government
We also rarely use z, and never zs
I got my best Paella ever at some small and cutre place down a quiet alleyway on the outskirts of Las Palmas
Got punched in the face by a British guy in southern Spain
Young people are very fast to switch to English instead of trying to understand
Yeah, Copenhagen was once really central, but then we lost Skånelandene to the swedes in the 1600s.
us too - as far as I know, its a left-over from being occupied during WW2
However, the way I see it is that the law itself is discriminatory against both men and women
That's all based on estimates and averages
"Nakker" in this context means "necks" often referring to the back part of the neck
Yup, there are places in Denmark where they don't see snow at all some years, and if they do, it'll most likely melt when it touches down
So there are a few Odd laws that over time have been replaced with others but they stay because they were the basis for the later more modern laws
And you are right in the understanding that it's mostly digital here, we have E-Boks to receive pretty much any information from the government or other government related institutions
We have 5
Perkele
Must be an autonomy thing as i finished school around 14 years ago and honestly dont remember any of these
It was just before Christmas
A lot of effort went into it, they need cred with their fellow anarchists!
I also feel much closer to a Norwegian than a swede, while someone from Copenhagen would feel the opposite.
It enters as either a deliberate rhetorical trick, or as a historical misunderstanding, or, perhaps as it often is, a little bit of both
And people say that there is no power in words.
Many of those women have openly revealed their experiences to the media, they just haven’t given any names
So that was the most distinct about the animal
u/RepostSleuthbot
Our last Prime Minister were asked about the then new tax regulations, and said: "We've chosen to create a system where you will deliver a little more less, than before, that's our choice, and that leads to them, who earns most, and earns most, and now delivers a little more less
But now that our love is reunited, remind me again what his charm was in the first place
Otherwise they can just keep going and they'll just look even better/stronger in the eyes of their voters.
Thought open borders was a sign of unrivaled greatness and European ideals?
Yes, historically US has proven it's commitment to peace and democracy and is a dispensable foreign policy ally to Europe.
>I've literally never seen a fish'n'chip shop in Denmark
I don't bother with peeled fruit, but I always wash any other vegetable with tap water.
Most games aren't translated into Danish anyway but even if they were I'd still choose English since it just makes it easier to talk about the games online, to play with other nationalities in multiplayer and to avoid potentially shitty translations
It does - but still alot better than living in the basement.
In Denmark it's like 1100€
Just one more percent Macron, don't let us down.
From looking at this thread it is obvious!
It's quite narrow to only ask Albanians in a pan European sub.
Western Jutland is only second place for me
>You don't have the right to not feed your kids until they starve just because you made them
Second pick would be Faroese
When I used to engage in youth politics (Thank _fuck_ I don't do that anymore) it was extremely prevalent
They’re heavy, broad, and normally moored in protected water with very few swells
Not quite answering the question, but the Danish subtitles for "Yippie ki yeah motherfucker" in Die Hard was hilariously translated to "Goodbye, brother Shit", brother Shit being a really 1980s specific curse word
All economists from literally every country are either delusional or in a grand conspiracy.
I've never thought of the dialects from any of those regions as aggressive, and the "unintelligent" thing is some elitist bullcrap
I will now brush off my german reading these
Why aren't they slav squatting
Utah ≠ Croatia
Europe is the best
It gets easier the more you do it
Rather upper middle class-upper class people have slightly longer wait times and give everyone else the chance to get all the healthcare they require
We'd probably just drink too much beer at once, puke and then collapse
Definitely travel with just a backpack.
We were liberated late on the 4th, the radio announced this at 20:36 in the evening
Except it's so stormy in Denmark at the moment, that it really feels like a solid -20° :]
Other than that the difference is minor
If they were forced to pay those Chinese workers 15 USD an hour, their wage would rise 12-fold, but the cost of producing the iPhone as a whole would only go up by 20 %.
That's why i like the model in my country so much
New Zealand
Ah, yeah, that seems to be how things are going in a lot of countries right now...
Hol up
You can get a low interest loan on top of it
Glad to hear you like it so much
I believe that's the conservative number - we apparently have a lot more peace settlements than 13, indicating that we've had more wars
You vote to either promote legislation that benefits you, or to block others from getting enough vote to make legislation you do not like.
...You're not wrong, though
Sweden maybe, but the rest seem chill to me
I would have been deaf, and a widower dad since my wife would have died at childbirth
Gerne uden svenskere og invandrere.
Let’s not forget that uk (assuming from your username) is the second largest arms trader in the world
Rødgrød med fløde
And more, and this is bigly, we need the biggest ships, and so with these fantastic wonderful ships, Bismarck has no clue.
It offers spa and massage for dogs
i mean that is just utter insanity
>  If it's someone you already know it depends on how well you know them, whether or not you shake hands or exchange a hug
> Chocolate on bread
She's quite closely connected to Lygtemanden and Ellerpiger, as they need her to create the fog for them to lure people, so often they work together
Many of us are even fluent in your language for this reason
It almost making me feel bad that I in Denmark currently earn more than 1200€ a month working a part time job 10-20 hrs
If you wanted to play, but couldn't for one reason or another - or if you just want to watch the slaughter and mayhem - you can watch the session at
Because the answer is usually some conspiratorial bullshit about Muslims wanting to take over the world
You can supliment with a low interest loan every month if you should need a little extra
does anyone know where i can see what my parliament members voted
No, but Trump is often pronounced as Trumb in Denmark for some reason
The dutch can be in charge, wth assistance from Northern Germany and Denmark
000,65 format, but I think the Swiss way looks nice and it makes sense
This is a bit ridiculous
Danes will complain about anything while at the same time keep saying they think life is good
I don't know if this is true or not
There's only been a couple in the last few decades.
It's simply a welfare model, enacted in capitalist production, to help
The state has the obligation to provide healthcare to its citizens
Personally I'm also fine with someone putting their hand on me in an approving gesture, like when I've helped someone at work, and they put a hand on my arm while they say thanks.
Isolating the electricity grid from the heating part makes the situation worse than reality.
An angelmaker (englemager) in Danish is a person who kills small children and infants for profit
He did use half trice in your video
We have hjemkundsskab too
Not quite 50 but still super warm
Political science master, and you good to go!
That should also be out of the parents' hands
There's not really a standard dialect in Denmark
Quite a few more if you find the right vestjyde or sønderjyde as well
Only to find out it's an image from an article with the tiltle "5 Small Pickup Trucks Americans Can't Buy".
Nej, som du kan se her, bliver de ikke oversat automatisk
There's need of an interfacing layer of Europol personnel who will be handling the information for the danish police, unlike the straight access the police had before (and we were among those using it the most, iirc (
Je suis Charlie
Usually after 18 or 19 but most people take a year or more off (sabbatår) before startining university to travel or work or both
Then you will have a blast at “LEGO House” all the old models, from your childhood is on display there
English has adopted the Danish word *hygge* now
I would love to have a really long and beautiful answer, but all I can think of is "Get a degree in engineering!"
Of course geophys won't catch everything, quite on the contrary in the case of the neolithic, but it would be a chance to do something before it's all turned into wheat fields
What a lifesaver
It is only a Latvian artist singing in Russian
I said that that neo-nazism is a "horrible ideology". I do not remotely condone what happened to him
How about *ja* or *wohl*? Here are [a few examples] from a non-native German speaker
We do refrigerate our eggs, but I think that's just to keep them fresh longer and/or is just how it has always been
I think it's important European news considering Trump has been supporting (directly or indirectly) right wing authoritarians in Europe (and outside), like Orban and the the PIS party, which has been a lot closer to destroying the EU than Brexit ever could
The population maybe, but our leaders who mostly are global-elitist wanted a Gaspipeline from Qatar and Saudi-Arabia through Syria, Assad was in the way...
They would probably just think "they must not like onions".
Their portion sizes
On the European side of the Ural Mountains
Næhæ du, det er os der bygger en mur rundt om jer!
Make that movie
This is Swedish propaganda
> Because they were opressed as Christians under the Ottomans not opressed by the others that lived amongside them
My local newspaper's cartoon of the day was exactly like this
I agree that the dialects are dying, but not quite dead yet
Luckily, the farmer was eager to share in his culture
That's not always a good thing
[I think the existence of this proves why that isn't true]
In Sweden alcohol is only sold in stateowned stores with high tax, and stuff like that
Becuse both my younger brothers are decent at German
It is 3694m and the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle
Ahh, the legendary Vaslui life
Putting aside how extremely rarely people actually go to butchers here, no
The truth is that we all really love each other, and It's mostly just friendly banter.
Most people probably don’t know but we had underclass people called ‘rakkere’. They were rejected from society, spoke their own langauge and made money by emptying toilets and removing carcasses in the night
I find a handshake very formal and "cold" unless it's during an introduction, and hugging all your colleagues would just be weird
+ The Scandinavian countries are so alike that even the most hardcore nationalists in the Scandinavian countries wouldn't have a problem being in a union with the other countries.
Seems that way, but to try to justify banning some parties in the name of democracy just takes the cake for hypocrisy
There is no better way to celebrate Christmas than to get some æbleskiver from a Christmas market
How is germany even this high up?
We don't use nicknames
... before taxes
How would you reconcile those differences?
That's also why our "Danish pastry" is actually called 'Wienerbrød' (Vienna/Viennese bread.
Please elaborate aha
Edit: I live in Denmark, that's why I know
we just write in english, unless it's on the country subs
Now I live in Denmark and the process of updating your address is not only much easier, but you also get fined if you don't report a change of address, so everyone does it
Honestly, I use the Danish wiki most of the time
really embarising
> Finns used to ride logs on rivers and pre-christianity believed vaginas had magical powers
I know this is a typical comment from a Dane, but here in the cities distances are not a problem, so i load them on my cargo bike and bike with it
Everyone would be if Sweden was their neighbor
Like everyone else, I'd say the biggest downside is the wait time, especially with specialist, but they are often very good at trying to be flexible for you, if you ask nicely and they think it's urgent enough
Like disregarding disease and death, imagine traveling a world that hasn't yet been fully mapped out and discovered by satellites and past explorers
> Though I have to say that in this interview of Eivør Pálsdóttir she does sound quite interesting
well the minimum wage in poland has increased over the past years
But when it was chosen, a couple of years ago
EU students can apply for a tuition fee loan up to £5,500
How great things have been since the "referendum" in Crimea.
Because they drive as fast as a bloody hawk can nose dive
You also have *halvannan* in Swedish
Last time something like this was posted, an Italian commented that she usually only gets mad when people make fun of his death
Don’t overestimate global warming, it’s a one degree difference
Personally I think we're becoming too unequal in Europe aswell and am in favor of things which curb such, like progressive taxation (Which you do have, to your credit.)
If thats true than skåne is a part of Denmark
So at least the Uber animosity did benefit Danes who uses a taxi.
Also referred to as bundesliga hair (the German soccer league)
Rampant drug abuse seem to be a much bigger problem in many US cities than it does here in Denmark at least
We do it the same way too
Come on, get this off the front page
Hell, in Maramureș, Ukrainian is almost a more common minority language than Hungarian
Usually in my family/friends we bring and share, or the host pays for drinks - if you don't want to share; don't bring
It is pretty funny
þ became th in english, d og th in scandinavian languages, d in german
Danes are reserved
>The law must benefit honor and justice, it must be tolerable, according to the custom of the land, appropriate and useful and clear, so that everyone can know and understand what the law says
it has to be
Aserbajdsjan - Azerbaijan
I maintain that GDP is a better measure for how the economy of individual countries develop, and not that accurate a tool for comparing different countries.
I just refer to it as "Mid-Atlantic"
Ofcourse the job you want to work at needs to accept your offer and has to sign alot of paperwork
But there are disadvantages too, like typically paying higher interest on debt
I certainly didn't know it back then, and my dad taught nature science
Danish design ftw
Just need one EU27 member to block it, and if we know anything about politicians, it's that they'll fuck with other nations if it wins them favor at home.
I was having a conversation with someone from the US who asked if we made such a big deal out of our independence day as they do theirs, and I explained that we don't have an independence day since we've never had to become independent of anyone
Lots of crime still happen by the hands of refugees mainly rape and assault.
think twice before you welcome being ruled by sweedes ;)
This doesn't seem to be correct.
Because I'm not a fan of the EU?
Free data was used as a sales gimmick by one company, and the rest kind of had to adopt this as well or lose customers.
Reason
Me: “Then we capitulate 6 hours into The next war”
At least Denmark currently has Margrethe Vestager (Executive Vice-President), but despite her popularity in the EU system, she was not chosen as president of the commission, which again was taking as a sign, how Denmark was too small put any weight behind her
Edit: I just realised it might change gender depending on context
I like how the rest of Scandinavia refers to this as “the Nordic/Scandinavian model”, while Sweden refers to this as “the Swedish model”
Enough to tank European trust in America you mean, enough to make approval of a charismatic president go from steaming to lukewarm, judging from German Citizens views the leaks effect on approval was about half of Donald Trumps, it is exactly because of them that things are getting as cold between us as they are now.
That's why I remember it two decades later.
the temptation to reply "...said the bosnian" is too great
This is only usable in Denmark, as far as my knowledge go
I come from Fanø and i thought it was probably similar to your situation
) it always looks like a bunch of kids yelling, laughing and generally being unprofessional
Can confirm
Ionian Turks would have considered themselves Greeks less than a millennium ago
Well according to MyHerritage, I got 12% West Asian DNA so maybe, who knows ? But I’m pretty sure about that I’m an white a** European lol
r/fadervittigheder
*insert roblox death sound*
I must have an AOL CD ROM somewhere
Also, leather
I heard today that the demand is actually kind of brought on by the mink industry itself, by having a pretty big focus on marketing, not sure if that is true but i imagine so
It's coming home
So *de facto* a pool of public money, which the finance industry get to distribute to politicians as they see fit.
We have a very strong bond between our nations, so we mostly feel scandinavian before european.
Family in law lives there and we haven't seen them since Christmas
I don’t know if it counts as far away, but The Netherlands feels like a brother from another mother
It all depends on how the rest of the country behaves, whether it has an influence on future relationships
Why is it only those 6-9 people who get to sing
Russian culture was historically centred in what now is Ukraine and Southern Russia, around Moscow, [and it's also where most people live today] and if you look at this [map of Europe] if you see that brown-red colouring, that is all over Ukraine and Southern Russia, that represents the soil type called "chernozem" which means black soil, and is known as one of the most fertile soil types there is, and it's one of the regions that grow the most grain in the World
How old are you
I am not an expert on Latvia, but Russian speakers seem to be concentrated in certain regions.
If so you are very delusional
The key issue here is people being asked if they can read, write and understand a second language
Well, I think both our jails and prisons are indeed very nice compared to the rest of the world, but be aware that you can easily be in isolation for year(s) while waiting for your trial, so don't think you'll have a good time.
The window open because during the German occupation of the 1340s the main German leader Grev Gert had stationed himself in Randers with all of his men
If britons are stupid, then they must make the british education system better
Where did this retarded idea come about that people get "happy" by eating antidepressants?
It would also make Fyn more than a speed bump lol
But never Sweden
True, but they're still trying to compensate by running longer trains with more capacity
I think you fundamentally misunderstand the concept
The answer is the same
the oxygen in our atmosphere is enough to last us 5000 years, we're fine in that regard, and earth is fine too, it's been through highs and lows of oxygen multiple times
Haha that's hilarious mate, we just don't give a krabbe
It more than I can be bothered to count
Low German: Nothing
They are like 2% of the population, but make up 44% of the women who visits safehouses.
We had a couple of beers, and when we had to pay I wanted to offer to pay the bill
[In Danish Lutheran churches, it usually goes a lot like this] mind the piss-ugly modern church though, couldn't find good footage from a more traditional one), where everyone has a book of hymns
Same here
When was Ethiopia under European control?
So my email is something like abc@live
Det er netop ikke der jeg bor
It's very sad, but nonetheless, that's how it is
This is not a “Danish reaction” - it’s the reaction of a single Danish tabloid, which earns money from being as controversial as possible
Jeg kan ikke forstå dig for alt det gylle der sprøjter ud af din mund
Definetely like the style of the map, though I find it a bit barren of cities, it makes Europe look like a desert landscape
For Copenhagen I'd go see Tivoli ([Wiki] / [English webpage] even if you're not all that interested in riding anything.
If he had burned them out, then detain him until you make sure who he is.
Imagine writing an o and then making a c in the middle
I would write æ a bit like this in handwriting: œ.
Roughly the same as "båtnakker", "vatnisser" or "skidesprællere".
Døgn is indeed a useful word as it doesn't relate to time of day or the date at all
Formal titles are just really, really not done, here
Hated it
In the picture they reduced all fractions as much as possible, so I now have to compare 7/32 (14/64) to 15/64
sounds about right
Over here in Denmark, I’d say the most hated people in any job position are the train “controllers”.
I'm just glad to see that we're beating the Swedes
If Nazism was a faith would it then not be ok to target it?
I’m not quite on the real adult job market yet so I might not be the best to ask
It was mostly a joke, I don't remember state leaders in Europe apart from Russia, Turkey, Greece, Germany, France, Italy and the U.K.
When was that
Oh yeah the addidas suit is a big one
It really is in most of these pictures.
Don't some British pronounce *hate* like the standard pronunciation of *height*?
But you simply never go there
As a 19 year old student with a part time job on the side I'll be saving around €6000 this year
It's lovely when the weather is nice
well your president was 1 of my choices ;)
At least Danish sounds serious and not like it was made up by a child
Sweden used to have more TV channels than we did back in the day, and I know a lot of people who grew up in those times watched those channels, so I'm assuming they simply understand Swedish better because they have had way more exposure to it
Ironically it's often the people who complain about cats that starts the problems
Here in Denmark a luxury hotel for dogs has recently opened
I think it's the wrong question to ask.
It's just a phone
> Maybe down a very long road, but High German today is an artificial mix that evolved in **Saxony** and the merchant cities of south Germany
Or is this an extreme feat for the Green Party
I'm looking forward to seeing our teams compete
He wanted to show his son, that people my age do work here in Denmark
I obviously don't speak English with people from Copenhagen so I wouldn't be able to do their English accent myself but there's something about the way he sounds that immediately makes me think of Copenhagen.
Did he
Edit: as it is pointed out in a comment in this thread, they do in fact have the rights to her work
I will never forget that weird moment I shared alone
Yeah, English is real fast an loose with compound words
Danish equivalent of the tristate area in the US, but just with towns of Vejle, Kolding and Fredericia
A 3000-year bromance
I really think you are mis-representing and generalizing liberals in Denmark
Venstre are pretty conservative
Depends on what you wanna study, but if you wanna study business
Supermarkets does carry bottled water, but not a lot, and rarely in larger quantities
We do love our flag
sometimes I don't even know what I am saying myself
But it isn't two words in Swedish
If the largest armies in Europe had been wiped out at Vienna there would have been nothing stopping the Turks from taking whatever they wanted.
Basic problem with all parties to a certain extend.
44% of the Danish taxes is direct wealth distribution.
Properly executed propaganda using him as a central piece, could save you billions in military spending....
I like *being* in Austria and especially Vienna very much
It doesn't even have to be realized it just have to be perceived.
Also teenagers often call their friend group “holdet”, the team
So I think about singing a song about leaks
Im packing my bags, see yall in 16 hours
The UK did not relinquish control of your borders.
Are you saying that those people have the wrong strategy?
Would be nice to know however, especially since it has a different color than Sweden and Germany
So yeah, you never know
&#x200B;
The (lack of) healthcare system alone would keep me from moving there - especially with children
It's the same language, written the exact same way and spoken to same way with only slightly different accent.
I'm reading it as a version of "the light you can see at the end of the tunnel is just the headlights of the train that is coming at you"
It's just that Loki is
Well that's the next Top Gear race right there.
[This picture] went the rounds in Denmark back in 2015
I can barely see a thing when I go home at 4
Calling it little Britain seems very apt
Danes tend to really like their German tourists
That was the strategy for the first few days indeed, but ever since, trains have been running less often than they did before the crisis, with the explanation given being illness levels among staff;
Then I vote on whoever stands a chance at denying that first candidate or party a win
In most urban areas, you really don't need a car must at all.
I don't like it, anything above 18 is horrible when you have to work at the office
A thirteen year old could buy it
The monopoly trade on Iceland was not particular lucrative as the point of it was to keep prices low and under market value, so the very poor population on Iceland still could afford it, even though things like grain became very expensive on the free market
People called Romanes they go the house
They mean well though
There's actually two movies about a Danish crown prince who goes to college in Wisconsin, and meets the love of his life
When then kids get older they move to the big city to study, party etc
Hopefully in such a way that there will be less of Sweden.
In Denmark we have a number of Village with only two letter like Ho and No
Absurd micro management
Lots of dictators in history have had 90+ percentage votes in elections
Ø (island)
No matter which coffee you get, it's 10kr(1,4€), which is at least a fourth of what other places charge
Same here
When I was 6 I had memories of Barney, when my aunt uncle were 6 they had memories of German soldiers patrolling the streets
I could probably order a beer at a resturant
People touting that this is the year we repeat EC 1992
That we actually let people from Sweden work in Copenhagen
People are uptight in the other Nordics
Oppressed: undertrykt
Your word for ice cream for example
Whitest Boy Alive ️
Je t'aime, one of the best love songs ever
Accurate
NAME (PARTY) (VOTE ON AMENDMENT/VOTE ON DIRECTIVE)
I'm really interested in knowing what your examples are
Guess  (DK gem)
You may not share our intellect, which might explain your disrespect.
Cancer
I didn't say that you where anti Jewish but a lot of fascist movements are heavily hateful of Jews.
It is rather ironic
Since the Berlin Olympics in 1936, the USA have been in the top 3 every single time, except for the Moscow Olympics in 1980 (and they probably would have been in the top 3 if they had participated)
They constantly made comments, and once even verbally attacked a passing elderly man
That's an extra bonus
Hey that looks awesome
Yeah I know, Germany committed some atrocious atrocities during the war.
Might as well have called it Creamy LEGO
“Can I borrow the toilet
It is the only path to protect European people and European values against threats such as foreign powers, Africa's inevitable societal collapse due to climate change, resource scarcity and global corporations.
The amount of cultural uniformity in the US is almost unbelievable, considering how massive an area it is
Nah man my cold danish body can't handle anything over 20°
Yep, and I think no European country has a system, that covers all the things Bernie is proposing his plan should cover
Case in point: Valdemar Sejr (lit
Maybe some Norwegians can add some more insigths
Your plan is okay if you're alright with going full Japanese tourist and just seeing the main sights before moving on.
^^^^^not ^^^^^because ^^^^^I ^^^^^already ^^^^^live ^^^^^in ^^^^^the ^^^^^Netherlands
Yes
Also, here are some of the countries in the world cup finals not from South America or Europe
Isn't Sámi also an official language in Norway, at least up north
I don't know
from the Danish side I think most people (or at least the younger generations) have completely forgotten that you guys where once part of the Kingdom
As a general population, not really, people doesn’t really find certain words offensive
avocado
You're part of the community
I got my best Paella ever at some small and cutre place down a quiet alleyway on the outskirts of Las Palmas
I get that giving ones kid a very unusual name would be awkward, but to me that has nothing to do with it being an ugly name in and of itself
Lars Mikkelsen, the brother of Mads
Our highest point is actually lower than Netherlands' highest point, so they've even gotten us beat on that :(
Dictatorship isn't decided by the existence of spotify and paypal
Dunno how common that is though
We haven't ever translated an English city into Danish as far as I know
No, they can do what they want - but there is no need to send a stream of massive subsidies to them, which their government use to buy popularity with voter bribes
I mean how can you do this
It's got soft D and Ø as well, but it's also got the weird G  that sounds like a J in røget and the weird R's in ørred, which makes it sound like we are gargling more than speaking a language
Suddenly I got hit by this walking bug
Just to add a few:
