Well I definitely wouldn't want to ruin my voice by using it every day, but I do like the sound of it.
I mean, someone a little more conservative than me would probably flip you off and call you a commie, but we have a clear linguistic majority of Estonian.
We essentially skipped spring and went straight to summer
I never understood how their employers allowed it, but most people working nearby worked in banks
Tallinn - Reval
At the airport iirc it’s 1
Although he didn't specify who's fault the drugs and cannabis was though.
Yes, but it doesn't automatically mean that he speaks Estonian as most Russians don't (although most young Russians do).
Can you really be a part of something not existing anymore?
Eventually people will want to pay these psychics to tell them what they want to hear
Among age groups the lowest is noncitizens 40-59 and highest among people under 30
Georgian parents switching to Georgian from Russian
Wasn't it illegal in Denmark to fly flags of other countries and unions
Daudz laimes, Latvijas draugs, valsts dzimšanas dienā!
Sure, but I'm quite sure the point of this thread was to see how often you visit a foreign country.
It's good that their treasures won't be handed to the criminal occupying state.
Tbh, FIFA would be worse than Qatar if it was a country
The agreement has been effectively frozen for years.
86% of working people here get less than 1200 EUR a month, that's basically our average wage, said the new PM a few months ago.
I doubt such a referendum would work here today, especially after the populist conservative party has been fighting against said rights
But how about while piloting planes?
car doors can freeze shut so thats kind of fun
- 16 (S) - Väävel
It's not, just that it would be too expensive for Estonia alone and Lithuania couldn't reach an agreement on building another one for all three Baltic states.
Thanks for the link - I checked the 50s video in it and it was very inspiring, thoroughly enjoyed it:)
Russia does not need Donetsk and Luhansk, they are poor and destroyed regions.
You should be sorry because that's an incredibly stupid idea
We also have to carry responsibility because instead of solving our pollution problems we just exported those to China
Estonia always wanted to be one of the Scandinavian countries
Can you please explain your opinion?
We really only have one good university: [University of Tartu] It’s a pretty nice university and part of the top 2% of universities worldwide
The accusative case in Finnic languages carries the meaning of telicity, which basically means that the action has been completed.
We have a class that I believe starts in the fifth grade
At the airport iirc it’s 1
Third wheeling between them too.
The police officers weren't in immediate danger, the guy didn't point the gun at them - they had enough time to collectively stop him in case he had raised his gun.
The [Lasnamäe] district is notorious in the sense of low-quality Soviet era housing
Police special forces basically
Sweden
Instead, the media goes to Ratas and ask him about how horrible it is that, for example, Soandso called doctors murderers
If I was in a beer hall in well Bavaria it would make sense because I wouldn't want to get up to get a new beer too often
Ok I'm reading it first time right now
Question Time audience member says she voted for Brexit at last minute because 'a banana is straight'
You are effectively controlled by America
Also the poles didnt just neighbour Estonia, they owned (a chunk) of it
Probably because it lacks association (di-minutive reminds me of something along the lines of de-minute-ized)
We need energy independence for a peace time confrontation scenario.
He is extremely popular with Russian minority and that's why he always gets the Tallinn Mayor place and his party is absolute majority in Tallinn council - but he is mostly blocked by a coalition of multiple parties in parliament.
Would need to change shirts/underwear like 6 times a day
But over all so far exchange students have been pretty cool, they mostly take the same classes and if they seem willing people will talk to them.
The English soft R together with U and to return to another soft R with a different vowel is just mind-boggling.
perkele
yadi yada yada
My family used to be im charge of a German noble man's mansion so yeah i guess i would've inherited that
They need to make up their mind.
We just call it sandwich cake
I don't use it that much, but when I have used it, the system has been really smooth and convenient.
Or name used in mockups/example forms?
I'm really curious where so many people get the misconception that Poland is somewhere in the Arctic
Mai neim iis häppimii änd Ai ken beerli andersteend vat juu aar seiing.
So it is looking more like an archaic case, which is [common in quite several European languages] (such as mine as well), where I have excluded them.
I think the [Tallinn TV tower] Northern Europe's highest open viewing platform at 314 meters or 1,030
Germans were strongly hated among Estonians, even when during the Interwar era many of them were respected due to having fought on the Estonian side in the Estonian War of Independence.
Like it's so ridiculous that I can't even fathom someone in Russia going like "Yup, NATO brought in tens of thousands of soldiers again into the Baltics to piss us off and oppress the locals
You're southerners first of all and summer time is so much better
Consider how ostracized he might be now among family and friends - unless they literally all support his move - this is especially ballsy
It's not enough
They were Russian from the times of the Russian Empire
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia were Soviet republics for more than forty.
I think fika is overrated
In what universe are you living if you don't know that Estonian is a distinct language
i mean, i don't think i have ever been taught about fridges existing in other countries, i just kinda assumed they exist elsewhere too
"You're acting like some hillbilly from Kapa-Kohila
Soon (TM) you will come crawling back and beg Russia to annex you, because you need to survive somehow
He first moved to Estonia in 1996, when he was 43 years old
Getting kind (not)Holy(not)Roman(not)Empire vibes
Reminds me of [Linnusitamaa] in Estonia, which directly translates as "Bird Shit Land".
That said, I do think that Hungarian sounds slightly Turkish.
> apparently it was fresh enough to be drinkable back then
If you can say "I **will** do it", then you have a future tense.
the illustration is wrong though, it should be these three in a human centipede formation
Most people take a year or two off (during or in between their studies to study abroad, travel or work) and several people change their speciality at some point, so usually people graduate Masters while aged 25 or 26
Regarding Estonias internet and prices, i think my dad got a pretty good and cheap deal that telia is trying to trick him out of
USSR invaded and occupied the Baltic countries while still being allied with Nazi Germany.
Might be just my family thing
> We need light when we are going to work, if not there will be more car accidents
But not really in the Western world.
Too short sentences, Trump always boasts about his beautiful, most beautiful, sentences and now this man, sadly, is writing short sad sentences, absolutely missing the good words, that Trump uses, which is bad, sadly.
> I needed to collect signatures and stamps in a little booklet to give the Prüfungsamt when I graduated, and I better not lose it or I may have to courses all over again
Here’s the same information as above in the form of an alphabetical list:
It didn't come about without major backlash from backwards fuckwads here either
Of their soon ensuing military cooperation in secretly dividing Europe and invading countries together
that's a juice carton and you can't convince me otherwise.
Very well put, not much to add even if I wanted to.
Being irreligious doesn't make one intelligent.
It isn't officially included because it's only used in a few words (like in Finnish)
Or is this about Estonians being slow?
Up from that is for train freaks only (I might be becoming one of them)
I mean first two points were core parts of Europe up until very recent history and I'd say last one is still not fully gone away
The extra S is just for more comfortable pronunciation.
Yes the grey aliens For Estonia, Latvia and Belarus
Go to Tartu instead of Tallinn though
Governments should incentivize working in necessary fields just by creating jobs and paying wages, so people can chose to work there on their own
Let's take three very similar names for example and show them in the first three Estonian cases:
West Ukraine on the other hand, as it has the Carpathians, is still a home to a few "highlander dialects like Lemko/Boyko/Hutsul etc
A male with brown hair, light eyes, strong jawline and [crooked teeth] British
How are we behind Latvia and Lithuania
I didn't say dislike
[This
Some people living in Tallinn complain about very slight chlorine taste which is added to fight bacteria if the water goes to old house with bacteria living in pipes
"Oh boy, let's sort by controversial"
Believe it or not, there are some people, who still believe.
Neither Estonians, nor the Baltic peoples are Slavic.
Estonia saw a good joke on Finnish television.
Or do you think all 140 million Russians are bloodthirsty Charles Manson types?
Unless Northern Ireland literally has a socialist economic structure today.
The British were to leave India, and it was pretty clear that a unified India wasn't going to happen.
Must have been at least over ten times.
Coalition parties have suggested Rõivas step down himself tomorrow for lack of leadership and political standstill.
In a sense this could be thought of as true
When I was in Germany,in every city i've been to, German pedestrians don't follow the traffic code at all,they don't wait for the green light,they cross the street wherever they like it and I'm honestly surprised i didn't see any car accidents during my stay in the country
Many pubs have a pool table, less so in town centers, but there are loads of places to play there anyway.
At least we finally managed to pass Georgia
So see ... it was Nazis and Commies doing the invading and the democracies are guilty of not stoping them
15 is damn cold for me
A torch march is all good but as Toreon said, EKRE are more or less using it as their platform and making it seems as their contingent.
Diacritics mark stress, while longer vowels are stressed by default.
Although I'm bot religious i can still feel bad about those who are
The independence and sovereignty of Estonia are timeless and inalienable
That if nation-states don't exist anymore, war can't exist anymore, at least not to the same extent.
I go to gym to work with weights.
Pure oil has no goddamn place in a potato salad
It does not, you have amazing literature, ballet, music, nature etc, not all is politics
000   € within one financial Union
>And add to that, both regions/countries are rather close on the
[Anton Hansen Tammsaare] who wrote the pentalogy [*Truth And Justice*] about life in Estonia from the 1870s to 1930s.
I speak Estonian, learned English and speak it very fluently, learning German in school
And they lost all that estate, they did such a big move, I'd think it's something that comes up among family, youknow
I'm from Estonia - we used to have rainy and not very warm summers but this year
I do believe you are a minority among Finns with very little experience with and knowledge about Estonia.
They just think it's unnatural, sinful, and shouldn't be encouraged and promoted.
even if it was super poor quality
You may have not but it absolutely happens, particularly online, there are friends with whom up to 80% of communication is in English
Yeah, they don't fit together at all.
Estonian is spoken by about 1.1 million people and there's quite a lot of content being both created and translated.
In estonian it's nojaa
Sometimes they both invite a bigger group of people and then usually men and women go to sauna separately or if they go together, then the previous applies.
There was
Nevertheless, no-one does
QWERTY with special letters of the Estonian language like õ, ä, ö, ü.
Damn Mercator, I bet they are actually equal in size!
The idea doesn't get developed, the company doesn't advance and suddenly we're surprised that all of our computing is run by foreign companies
It was a Soviet-era air force runway, a potential target of US nuclear bombs even.
I listed the [general no-go-s] a few days ago, but the ultimate no-no things to do would be:
If someone had written a sentence "there was a 'genocide' of the Jews", making it look like the person is questioning the Holocaust, would a sentence like mine still gotten me a warning?
Also "conocerte" because it's "nice to meet *you*" Otherwise I'd agree with that translation :)
They fought as infantry and used horses for transportation
The last car has almost an hour of pause time
Ah, a fellow Finno-Ugric language, we know the feeling
No, but I understand Russians who are proud.
That would be pretty rich coming from [mostly European-descended populations]#Genetic_studies).
If not for the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact and WW2 in general today‘s Estonia would look very different
Polish Soldiers acting highly stupidly and provoking Russia in Estonian city Narva
This "ambiguity" is also used by people, who just don't want to learn the language, accept the societal norms.
but someone still decided Hungarian and Estonian are somehow connected
Wouldn't a good example need to actually *exist*?
Sorry, I edited the mistake
And I also think that if these people were genuinely escaping the war and oppression, then there are a lot of war-free countries in between USA and their home country they should've gone to.
Because irish are the Slavs of those islands that are above the MainLand :D
There are muslims in Kazan
If it was her victory, with Trump having the popular vote win, would her supporters be complaining about it?
and not only on reddit
To some extent I can get by in Finland
Let me think for a moment: You funded the terrorists in Afghanistan who later turned against you.
heres a video that covers the general situation [
- 100 euros: monthly train pass for traveling near Tallinn ([zones I-V] about 1 hour distance trips from the city)
Yes, of course, it is very rare to not drink ta water
I used to eat sunflower seeds with my sister.
I've done vodka shots with a minister at a very casual pub.
And the best part is I’m in Estonia where your high is marked as 17-19 degrees for my country
You probably would have called Hitler a sleeping bear in 1939...
To exclude the older classics a bit, then [*Muu ei loe*] ("Nothing Else Matters") by Curly Strings is a very good one in my opinion.
If your enemies are iran and turkey it's a pretty good sign you're on the right side
More pay will not make you more competent
90s was far more dangerous of course, there were actual Russian gangs everywhere - now it's just some thugs, who may try to steal your wallet.
Isn't Turkey also the country with most imprisoned journalists
tiny / fin
- Within mainland Estonia: train or bus
- 79 (Au) - Kuld
Bro u wrong I went to tartu a few weeks ago and there was one by the Lõunakeskus, packed to the brim too
There is also one mixed organization, but it's not nearly as popular.
oh, and i guess also using the correct tense, since we have much fewer tenses in general and no future tense at all
I think they changed it
No kidding, is it really that bad?
sometimes i also use wikipedia as a dictionary - i know the word/term in one language and then check its linked counterpart in the other language to get the correct name
I understood her plan was to join the EFTA as a first step?
Well it's more like 50%true/50% meme ))
Newt Gingrich is probably going to be secretary of state.
So, I couldn't find a lot of helpful info on this on the US embassy website, so I was wondering if someone in this community knew what this was.
It's a place in Southeastern Estonia
Belgrade because of the song "Balkan, Balkan, Balkan, ovo je Balkan, come on"
They're not doing it anymore now are they
We are trying to get back our cultural artifacts stolen by Russia/USSR in 1918-1919 and in 1940, yet they still don't care.
The word "e-kiri" (*e-letter*) exists but isn't really used (at least not in speech)
1 - Latvia, five or six weeks mostly over weekend trips, plus lived there for a week.
Trying to invade Finland at the moment.
Trump only talks, Putin orders assassinations in the EU
Never comes out as anything other than De Smitts or possibly The Smifs.
Pretty much everyone I compare Estonia with has less AIDS than we do
Because by conventional understanding they are grouped separately.
I have talked about this so much in Estonia, I thought that kind of classes don't exist
Terrified Russia is going to try and annex Estonia as some point (again)
The concert was seriously overdosed with symbolism.
But this is coming from an almost underweight tiny female
Number of grammatical cases currently in use in European languages
Official **flag** rules in **Denmark** state that, unless special authorisation is given, it is **not** permitted to **fly** any other national **flags** than the **Danish** Dannebrog, a white Scandinavian cross on a red background
Do some people really have a problem with that?
The [*ÕIS*]ärm&F=M) doesn't particularly include such a meaning, only that *härm* is the unused nominative form of the adjective *härmas*.
Where did the Dutch-Finnish thing even start?
Of course, we don't particularly celebrate "Christmas", we celebrate [Yule] (or more directly, "Yules" - *jõulud*).
Its so weird to feel yourself in Spain but than realising that 3 days ago it was shit apocalypse
You really made this point more difficult than it should have been.
There's probably a special fee for that
For example 527sq m house -
Different countries have different concepts for mountains?
Many countries stand in between - not full dictatorships, but not decent democracies either - but this is not the case for Russia or Iraq or on the other hand the US.
Please tell me you are not into such conspiracy theories.
Is there a particular reason why the French Atlantic coast has little to none settlements
i dont go to restaurants often, but i dont see how eating alone could be weird
’ and I think we should be more intelligent than that
"This is worse than the famine
And we're 17th in the same index along with Iceland
If I am against some laws or directives that come from democratic system, that doesn't mean I'm against democracy
But sun setting at 15:28 sounds great do you does it
Estonian flag at the right :D ! Oh and politics
Add to that 20% income tax and 20% vat tax on everything you buy (which makes many things cheaper to buy from american amazon or ebay, even with shipping costs)
Idk how we the Estonians will get our electricity then
redditor
Ck2: usually estonia
And more specifically we use the Swedish keyboard layout with some minor Estonian touches (such as the aforementioned letters)
We just call it sandwich cake
Bars and restaurants have to open the container when they sell you alcohol after that time
We can it freely do
That sort of *is* the difference...
Indeed, the USSR had the protection of human rights in its constitution as well.
Actually by the Order of the Sword Brothers and the Livonian Order (the latter was an autonomous branch of the Teutonic Order).
That's the headline in the source as well.
>Worst weather there is is 0 to 4c, wind and whatever sludd is called in english
Isn't that what your politicians tend to call bribes
The pronouns are neutral - *tema* or abreviated *ta* for third person singular.
Like going to the sauna naked together or not having little changing booths inside the changing rooms
Most of the time and most of the people, yes
You should try to do this too instead of being a bigot.
I think I got used to the new currency in a week or two and didn't much think about it later.
weird that he has kept his Russian name then.
But more young people have started to smoke (wich is not that good for their brain development)
you have to pay less, so, a subsidy, that costs money to the state
I mean, they are quite populous, no need for higher concentration
Also a common thing is *go (somewhere not nice)*.
even if it was super poor quality
Not their secession, but their right for self-determination (i.e.
And Moldova I simply forgot for a minute, but as I find Romania somewhat cool, then Moldova can pull that shine on itself, too
It's not weird in the sense that linguists see enough common patterns in syntax and grammar to regard them having a slightly later division among themselves than the other major IE branches.
Why does it randomly miss some countries?
>I doubt you would’ve said it’s "embarrassing" if anti-independence won by a slim majority
Yep, now you are getting it
The applicant must be willing to abide by the laws and regulations of Russia.
Speaking speed < reading speed
Estonia prolly
The cultural difference would be too much, it would be hard for me to integrate
This makes me feel
Boiled potatoes, crushed with a fork and mixed with sour cream and cottage cheese.
Here, up to around 4 or 5 or so, parents stay at the party
MI-6 has had some budget cuts and needs to update the database
Latvians and Lithuanians make fun of Estonians being slow.
And i dont know more
How is the driver responsible for another person leaving the car
That is because Stalin killed his own people, and we were kind of fine with that...
It's beneficial for Erdogan that Europe turns hostile towards the Middle East and Islam
We have same thing in Ukrainian:
To clarify, a demonym is *the name for an inhabitant or native of a specific place that is derived from the name of the place*.
" and then end up winning by a small margin
The demographics and the amount of the immigrants in Sweden are different than in America, so you can't say that you are turning into America.
I googled it and apparently it originated in Germany during the Thirty Year's War when Swedes invaded Germany.
Kids from Saaremaa Island lose most of their different intonation and acquire the [locally unpronounced] letter Õ in a matter of weeks when they live on the mainland, but all is forgotten in a few weeks when they return from the island on Christmas break.
Currently actively fighting in Afganistan, Pakistan and Syria.
Both sides hold speeches and proclaim what a great fight it was, a little vodka is passed around and both sides commemorate in their own way
Doesn't make your actions legal.
It's actually quite cool to stumble upon your national flag when wandering in the nature ;)
There's quite a lot of it and pop-rap seems to be quite popular.
I think this is the key with bread
Yeah, it is inhabited and a very cool place with it's own unique culture
We would just like our historic lands back from Russia, thats all
No we do have lots and lots of jam (although people mostly make it themselves), but we don't have jello that much.
Türa
Tbh We Estonians would still be quite suspicious of russia
Also, pretty fitting quote by Machiavelli: "There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others."
At a four exit roundabout (in Europe) the right hand lane is used to for exits 1,2 and 3.
In Estonian *või* means both *butter* and *or*, which leads to many trick questions like
Well at least you know a lot about the cross-travel and transit between Estonia and Finland and their economies.
I thought I was going crazy
How is that even related to nationalism?
- 47 (Ag) - Hõbe
What are those crossed-off marks on the EU on the scenes with the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania?
"German master race" at its finest
A male with brown hair, light eyes, strong jawline and [crooked teeth] British
until the situation stabilizes
You can't force someone who already has a car to abandon it
I went swimming in the sea yesterday, it was okay
In saaremaa they have some type of a mix of ö and õ
I like Italian food over anything that is made in Northern Europe
Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité
That is a seriously fuck you moment.
Tallinn is centered around a medieval walled old town which itself is rather picturesque but rest of the city was nothing more than a poor province for much of its history and it shows
Mine persse - go into ass (fuck off)
Embarrasing for the diehard pro-independence movement
What I see:
Sometimes total obedience to rules is not good either
It's *Tšehhi* in Estonian, but I'm still quite used to the "Czech Republic" in English.
That's for historical oppression...
Yours is most likely a Finnic loan, but Finnic languages have borrowed it from IE languages.
"Ät" - means nothing
In Estonia it is [*Head uut aastat*] ("Good/Happy New Year!") by Marju Länik, first performed in 1986.
They have far fewer rights in Russia...
I mean, it would probably still look bad considering that it's all built on a low-vegetation limeston tabletop area, but it looks especially bad because it was never fully completed - it's not like anyone invested into new housing in the early 1990s and after that nobody had the incentive to improve this area
Vague vowel compounds like *ou* in "arouse" or "thoroughly" are a bit tricky.
same here, though now we have a tap that points upwards so back is cold and front is hot.
I always thought that the service in Latvia is also mandatory.
What the fuck happened to Latvia lmao
I've heard in Estonia that you're not supposed to give knives as presents - you should always get at least a symbolical amount of money back.
Some British people, who have learned Estonian have far fewer problems with "overpronouncing" the diphthongs.
Well yes, but if this incident hadn't happened, perhaps we could have defended ourselves better
pulmad/pulmat: est
locally, I really like the chill style of Andrus Kivirähk, but Valdur Mikita's books have been quite important for me as well.
Is Fillon to the left in comparison to Juppe?
What a joke
And is obsessed with her brother Finland, with whom they go to sauna with every week
I mean, we did get it fair and square: we convinced the islanders by offering them vodka and a reason to keep clubbing seals.
The UK has historically had a very conservative stance in politics, which also explains their euroscepticism in part
If you don't miss USSR, you have no heart
but the accent and grammar are so bad that i didnt catch it, a friend randomly pointed it out to me months after i saw that episode
putin happened
one celebrity called her a mushroomer from an estonian island (for her casual outfit), but that got quite a bit of backlash, so idk if it counts as a joke
Things like NordStream 2 should be stopped
Plus you can find similar buildings outside the former Eastern Bloc as well.
"bad fortune" becomes "burn down" etc.
None of them is too widely used tho
Technological inventions don't just spread with massive colonization...
Seeing that you're from Estonia, I am sure you have to know that the biggest reason we have lack of doctors/nurses is that they can easily move to nearby EU countries and immediately earn 3-5 times more money
Congratulations, USA
When a free country prevents even a simple act as raising your arm, then uou know that you are in a bad neighbourhood
Sure
Ofc they can
I don't even understand why are you so hostile out of the blue
Międzymorze when
We still make memes, content
I really like the concept of an island.
Greetings from the north, cousin
Did you know that they are lynching Negros in America?
Ck2: usually estonia
Soros believes that what saved the UK and the US during WW2 was that both were "open societies", welcoming of refugees and minorities, including jews.
for context
It goes by either *lägaburger* or *lögaburger* or sometimes *rotiburger* ("rat burger")
yeah, i mean those
That was a time in Poland where everyone, even the city folks, had to work in unmechanized agriculture in addition to their day job in order to have food.
The 26.8% was when they could take even more unwilling participants.
It is interesting, despite 100% of my ancestors in 6 generations having born within 250 km.
Also ossid
Wow, look at that, typo in the title.
/r/Europe quintessence
Yes, this
Ants
Lots of things actually, check out Singapore with their forced housing integration.
but stopping further immigration only scratches the surface of it
Oh, we used to have similar ones like this:
Those are old yes but ther are still used very frequently, meanwhile the ones i counted you wonrt see on younger peeps
My grandparents live there, they only go to the Latvian side for cheap booze and diesel
The increase in standard of living has little to do with previous Soviet support.
That's extremely not POV at all.
Don't forget how much Finno-Ugric genes Northern Russians actually have due to centuries of mixing with them.
Well the guy, who was caught [stealing tampons for his lady] during the Bronze Night riots in 2007 looked pretty ridiculous.
What if a country was raided by several Scandinavian peoples?
Well almost: there are rhinitis and coryza but AFAIK nobody uses them
Good question :) There have been two tries already (as stated by law), one in the parliament and the other in parliament plus municipalities representatives, but no candidate has gathered more than the necessary majority of votes.
never seen ads, but in general, the "there are kids starving in africa" is a very common thing to say if your child doesnt want to eat their food
UK English, but I probably speak a mixture of British and American English.
The US is the best in many things.
Some things in grammar that seem "easy" made it actually hard, for example - " sentence structure is straightforward "  , in Russian you can structure sentences in almost any order you want, so it was hard to learn rigid structures of English sentences (and I suck at it to this today)
Same, I just saw this somewhere yesterday, claiming it to be in Poland
I understand that, although some South Estonian dialects are unintelligible for Standard Estonian speakers as well.
I think New Kids Turbo covered this pretty well
If anyone wants to learn more about it here's a report on it that goes into it from the 90s:
Two major points that make text->speech problematic
Also it's kinda surreal that countries like Finland have tried to win Eurovision for decades (53 times for Finns for example) and we just won on our 8 try and became the first country from the former eastern bloc to win
In many ways we even encouraged it
If I buy a bottle from Finland, I should be able to return it in Estonia and get my deposit back
12:00 should technically be midday right, because that's when the sun is highest in the sky hence the system
Sometimes considered a language, sometimes just a dialect, Seto, aka old Estonian
>EU is not a military union
You usually won't break your skull on a Dutch granny's bike
Finland, if you see this, then I am really sorry for his misogynistic comments about your prime minister
These are usually used during temporary events and festivals, like porta potties
Does not compute
In Russian we have almost the same one
Ida-Virumaa I suppose
Ministry of education is also emphasizing that we need to use phones and computers in classes and use applications like Kahoot!.
Finns themselves are Baltic Finns as well - Finnic people = Baltic Finns.
Estonians do look like they still need 1/3 to load though.
Did a search but this sort of escaped me...
we had a cooking class/subject as part of the handicraft/home economics subject
During middle ages, Estonia was controlled by the Teutonic order (what exactly is it's relationship to Germany is foggy to me, but I assume it came down to the fact that the dudes spoke what was considered German)
Probably catch a ferry to Helsinki like most other Tallinners would do.
Damn, what makes Estonia so much better than the other Baltic states?
Hating the Danish is more of a running joke than anything genuine
Not that "i knew it guy", but Im not really surprised
I will never forget that three hours of winter this winter
Few
julge/julkea: est
This comment section is such a wholesome gold, everyone now wants to get on the list
A government that actually works
EDIT: also our independence day is February 24th, so Estonia is exactly 102 years old today
And the best part is I’m in Estonia where your high is marked as 17-19 degrees for my country
More like 1200 years in Estonia's case.
I know
for example "jäääär" consists of two words, "jää  and "äär" so you just say these two words very close to each other, sort of
Gymnasium seems to be common in (mainland) Europe and we know exactly what it refers to, so I'd go for it
50 for a student
You are just a worthless pawn in the game of the big boys
Kali in Estonian would generally mean kvassi, but sometimes it is also used for beer
What the fuck
Resettled in the Baltics, refugees flee for wealthier lands
>you would have to pay for it
Just another vote in the UN for them.
But generally both married and unmarried women are?
Otherwise, I think so too
Hey we win because we never even had any coal
I didn't say they were against Latvia, I said they invaded as their forces did enter Latvia.
Add to it heavy Soviet anti-religion policies from the 1940s onwards and you have yourself a society where religiousness is seen as an oddity - a respected oddity, but an oddity nonetheless
Also Finnish and Estonian anthems melody's are literally the same
But "Talin" is just
They fail to mention that, as we are in NATO like 95% of those "NATO troops" are Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians
The Teutonic State however fought Lithuania a lot when it stretched all the way to the Black sea
My partner, on the other hand, wears shots basically all year, so there you go
So it's a cloudy day in the darkest time of the year, what's so depressing about it?
With a line like "ei iial tibla ori küll eesti rahvast saa" - "the Estonian people will never be slaves of the *tibla*" ("tibla" being a derogatory term for Russians)
Rotalia]#/media/File:Rotalia_lipp.png), [Corps!
The one at a street level is 1st floor, next one is 2nd floor
Things were simpler in the Estonian-Latvian border town Valga, but only for locals.
Plus in Portuguese, it's not considered an independent letter of the alphabet.
Greece
Bruh i didnt even know .-.
And that without extra time-related words like "tomorrow" or "soon".
Depends on where
Whether it's in the evening or in the morning is implied with context.
Yes, on paper, it is somewhat easy to do it
I know it's a technicality, but [this] is Greece's eastern-most island.
If you don't speak it as a native language, it's a foreign language...
Ughhhh
Though I imagine it varies by location also, there are some places (mainly in Ida-Viru county) where most of the population is Russian, so Estonians living in those areas are probably more likely to pick up the language as well
house / fin
Balto-Slavic isn't hypothetical.
The EU stands for a lot less than bureaucracy.
We all know what is going on in these places and well, the things some of them do and say are indeed rage-inflicting.
There is one very important thing in electric grid and it is balancing
IMO the "kirjak" part is some weird spelling of giraffe (pronounced with an hard G).
Imagine how great of a lake it would be
There, however, are now talks about some modern small-scale reactors that would fit us as well, but it's only future technology
Summer hot: 25-33
When I was in Spain and on train from Madrid to Malaga, there was an ad on the tv about poor african kids who flee to Europe, get great education and become happy people, underlaying message of the ad was obviously - "look at those poor african kids, lets bring them over here and save them
Have you ever been a foreigner and driven on Latvian roads?
Most countries dislike their capitals.
I agree with most, but will add some:
Kust oled sa pärit
condoms
>goes to Russia, St Petersburg and I don't want to go to Russia
What is your idea of relation then?
Wilders onthe platform addressing questions on immigration that other parties don't want to even ask.
My father taught me about gun safety using an air pistol, never held a real one though.
Just sheep in a fence is delivering meal on plate, but wolves are afraid of dogs.
local citizens, so if the country has free university for locals, it will for EU citizens too.
Stop acting like a complete cupboard hinge
Why the LLL on the roof though
Older Russian females have this unfortunate diamond shape (I have met only a handful of skinny old Russian ladies in my life I'm afraid), red or dark violet hair, often a lot of perfume - once again, way bolder than your usual Estonian granny
Good, I won't change the map then ;)
Not very similar reasons, actually
Middle Easterners are a noticeable minority on the streets, while Russians are mostly not.
I have the suspicion that this respect won't be divided equally among the Slovakian people.
As for showing our faces, people from the southern half do visit every now and then (and not just those idiots who come for cheap beer), we like little roadtrips or weekend getaways at your place sometimes
at first I though "ohh nice Estonia has at least a tiny yellow part in the south" but then I realized it was a lake
This sort of garlic bread is the most popular beer snack in these countries, so popular that you can buy them fresh and hot at nearly every pub or packaged and cold at nearly every store.
Well it does seem like something you'd expect from North Korea or Nazi Germany and not from a Democratic Western country like the United States.
So the meeting point is in Poland again...
As for the agreement with Gorbachev, no agreement was made specifically as to the expansion of NATO, but US Secretary of State James Baker stated publically, that this was the understanding, and the final agreement included promises not expand offensive forces in eastern Europe.
I've been thinking about this for two days.
In saaremaa they have some type of a mix of ö and õ
of course
All three are UNESCO's [Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity]
Whatabout-whatabout
Jäääär - [*Viimane tramm*] ("The Last Tram")
Portugal is actually behind 8 post-socialist countries in terms of wage (PPP)
What do you think are the chances of him being impeached, eventually?
People sang forbidden and patriotic songs and held hands to protest against the Soviet government
Why is that even bad
Being a member of a choir is very common in Estonia.
This won't help against regular customers (i.e cunts), but it's a great deterrant against people who "experimented" that day
We are not "brothers" with Latvia
yeah, same here
They have no right to do that anyway.
Isn't it the same in Finland
He looks at the three children and then picks up the black child, saying: "better be sure that I won't bring home a Hiiu child!"
We restored the independence of the Republic of Estonia, the date the occupation began seems like a pretty solid date to choose.
Anarchists are not people in my book.
So it would be fascinating
*Slightly angry Estonian noises*
Communist atheism is still atheism
§ 1
So you kind of have all the listed things minus the mess and higher prices of tourist hotspots
The sinking of the [MS *Estonia*] still causes a lot of conspiracy theories from the ship being used for weapons transport or it being sunk by Russian mob.
No the point was that they were both understandably Slavic accents, but Slovenian had very few of those regular Slavic accent characteristics.
But i think cannabis should be legal and controlled by the state, not that smokers will keep funding the underground gangsters/mafia and will end easy access to other drugs too arter they found their cannabis contact (wich is not hard to do if you walk arround with open eyes arround some parts of town)
Set sails, press through the Danish straits and enjoy our time somewhere in the Northern Atlantic.
"Perseauk", "Türa lihtsalt minuga ei maksa norida (smth like that)" "Kusen su ema hauale"
Common background is a key aspect of them indeed, but it's not about some ethnic purity, but about common background, i.e. common linguistic or religious or whatever roots
I was expecting worse but I think I should do better.
* That nazi flag with iron cross
Some Italian cities are culturally worth more than entire countries.
The independence and sovereignty of Estonia are timeless and inalienable
Oxygen - Kysen' (Sour-thing)
From neighbour to neighbour
Practically though it became a shit show
Except both of these were legal, but the Soviet occupation of the Baltic states was not.
Switzerland 2005, Vanilla Ninja - cool vibes
The banks of Daugava looked very different the last time I visited Riga.
i like the current one better
If we're talking about all or nothing, then it would cause more trouble than justice.
but not sanction US for what they're doing in the middle east and have done for a long time?
Ugliest flag ever
Btw, I am talking about public saunas, not at home
- 1 euro: 1 liter of milk
" and the other will reply "needed
Most important nationwide newspapers in Estonia:
We are not family
Very tiny islands, very densely populated, sells citizenships to Russiam oligarchs, that’s it
Fine, lets speak Estonian then!" The Russian guy left without saying a word.
What if i like pasta
&#x200B;
Stop being deliberately misleading
If I am not mistaken, that's the chain the Night King borrowed to reclaim the dragon
Oh, this is interesting
The whole region used to be ours
You can tell how drunk a Fin is by how far he is from you
my mom introduced me to toast with cream cheese and strawberey jam, which is pretty damn delicious
Some pubs may put out some decorations, but usually nobody cares.
Also Finnish and Estonian anthems melody's are literally the same
Never played any of their games but I don't find it that weird that a company that has huge stackes in the chinese market also follows a political stance
I actually know a few of them personally
You seem not to understand what the concept of testing is.
I answered to an utterly stupid comment!
Denmark is a capitalist welfare state country usually with social democratic - leaning government.
and i guess you are right, there arent many
Tallinn barely has an Estonian majority so this is one of the reasons so many opposed immigration - we just have had it more than most other countries in Europe.
It is a part of compulsory literature at most schools - and usually also popular among kids
- 29 (Cu) - Vask
Wdym "too communist" it literally has been used for most of your history and its literally your coat of arms
Toompea Castle is a good one, I'd also say Tallinn Town Hall (Raekoda), but only if we can include the Town Hall Square (Raekoja Plats) with it
We had +24 recently and it was awful, I would actually die at +43
Right now we have +4 with snow, with 0 at night
Tallinn airport is lovely, as it is actually inside the city and connected to the old town by a city tram
So pretty pictures and unfounded feelings should drive policy logic and data be damned
I'm currently learning Spanish and this made me curious, since both a Frenchman and a Romanian agreed on it
Also our dialects, we laugh at them all the time.
- Centre Party: center-left/left, pro-Russian, has a cooperation treaty with Putin's United Russia Party, currently heading the government, definitely my least favourite;
All the more reason to tell the world :D
I think the connection with Denmark is very strongly concentrated into the 13th-16th century and we barely talk about Denmark outside the context of the Danish territories in Estonia
There have been several articles about this topic, even in English like [this] and [this] from a quick google
China because we don't really want their money, influence and technology here due to CCP being a terrible institution
>fucking up the planet
Baltics in particular rarely voice opposition in the union, so when they do, it's not to be taken lightly
It is also useful for history and social studies lessons, as different religions have influenced culture and politics and vice versa
But I'm not really sure how effective it was
This brings us to NATO´s  [CCE COE] and the  [Enhanced Forward Presence] which act as a deterrent
i hope you forgot /s
We don't really have major drug dealers
We shouldn't force mergers upon successful municipalities!
Its concepts are anti-globalisation and protectionism.
Yet so often they think their land includes all the places they have once roamed...
I think that they can be pretty interesting
I think these Estonian numbers in your table are already outdated and the amount is constantly growing.
The warmth
"You damn Czech people, complaining when we blow stuff up in your country
There are also Poles who are part of that exercise taking a picture with a Polish flag.
Big boys like Russia can make their own decisions
Instead of one graph I had to witness my country suck on 8 graphs..
It allowed to sway the public opinion against drones and ergo allow for quite harsh regulation to put in place
These types of Russians aren't really part of their local Russian community either.
Mobile data isn't the same as WiFi
" or "In every port of the world
we no longer have practically any Jews after all the war and occupation, so no cities.
Otherwise, I'm fine with the cost and quality of it.
Because this time they'll have the Estonian booze cruisers as well.
Usually it makes no difference
But outside the summer season it is a boring little town, so it loses its appeal quite quickly and few non-locals visit it in the winter.
In estonian black person ia "neeger" but the pc term is "mustanahaline"
And basically all democratic states are social democratic to a degree anyway.
The thing is, it's already over 90%, so we're hitting limits on how much we dislike your country's foreign policy
I think [Markus Grönholm] wins this contest.
I usually eat 8-10 broccoli and about 20 iceberg lettuces a day.
"I kill a goose"
Iceland, with the finer questions in life
What a great time, eh
It's really hard to accept one's own evil doings.
We've got Lääne maakond - West county
The Yalta Agreement had no legal effect on us...
[Yes
Still it was an amazing achievment to built a city in such a harsh terrain
Slightly better than "Positively surprising", which sounds pretty much like "we're not as shit as you expect".
Beautiful
I think Luidja beach in Hiiumaa is really nice
Personally - except for some Italian food - I really dislike Southern European food, especially Spanish and Greek food
And as I said in another comment, you are right, there is no "Museum of the Crimes of Estonian Collaborators"...
In it's most severe form it can lead to nationalistic fever, ethnic cleansing and manifestation of a condition known as chetnik.
I also went swimming and it was quite cold
Anyway, the crazy 1990s and early 2000s...
Hmm, long list
Any small town will do (like 10 000-20 000 people small)
Meat is always under cheese
They wouldnt be able to gain the support of the majority of ethnic Russians here
Our previous president was born in Sweden and grew up in New Jersey
That is a daft and an insulting thing to say.
What happened in Western Bulgaria
it's brown-yellow because that's what all waterfalls look like when they freeze, if that's what you're asking.
I thought the picture of the baltic way was the most famous one
Patronage of [Great People] costs 25% less  [Faith]
Well
Why did you think that this is what I got from your comment or that I am somehow distressed?
Not super rare but most people don't have them
You would see president in a shopping mall standing behind you in the queue dressed as any other person.
Edit
I don't really believe that 'Putin influencing Trump' talk.
Especially in public saunas
Erm, you are mixing up terms
ATTACK
About 5% of the females there attain tertiary education.
I'm all up for action, what do you propose?
so yeah i guess in conclusion it's kind of confusing, we just use the present tense in different ways and the adverbs+context usually help express that the action is going to happen in the future
They attacked Finland and blamed it on you guys for starting it
It goes through several towns on the way and there are small villages every few miles on its way as well
It is too weird to experience this situation in Tallinn as well as the rest of Northern and Eastern Europe in January
At what age can people start uni
The **locations** might be known only for the more obvious ones: Alaska, Florida, Texas, California, New York
Milk
I didn't mean to say that taking the picture is wrong.
I hope Poles keep giving the middle finger to Soros globalist swine
Exactly what happened
“Skype is an Estonian invention/idea/thing”
Happy independence day to our southern brothers
What's wrong with "pasta with ketchup"?
- 83 (Bi) - Vismut
*cough* *cough* Global warming *cough* *cough*
The trials we’ve suffered weren’t solely due to the nature of communism as an ideology, and by claiming that we severely undermine the dangers of totalitarianism, and the power of, for lack of a better word, cruelty
Serbia might also somewhat fall into the list, though maybe I just know too little about it
[Most of the old town]äijate%20ala%20laiendusettepanek.JPG) (in green) actually is a pedestrian only area.
I of course know the attitudes of Estonians best, but I presume Latvians and Lithuanians are not very much different regarding this matter.
Also japanese has a nice tune to it and same goes to Icelandic
Well, you can wait for you doctors appointment half a year
Sorry but how do you even compare it with Riga
Have never been religious, used to think people that were religious were less intelligent..
Estonia has 2
Yeah, for ethnic Estonians it's often the "I don't know anyone, who knows anyone, who votes for the Centre Party" sentiment.
It also helps with gender equality, as giving birth can make you bankrupt in the states
Somehow you went from ethnic groups to DNA similarity...
There is always a lack of doctors (GPs in particular) and teachers, also nurses and caretakers
Not strange at all, if you think about it
The compulsory quota system which proposed actual fines for countries that refused to act and still obliged them to act in some time was what then?
I wouldn't say I'm "OK with immigrants", especially with the illegal Russian immigration of the 1970s and 1980s, but no - this was not part of my reasoning.
But when I said "ethnic Russian citizens of Estonia" you had a problem?
That's why I never avoid tourist traps
Afaik and have heard, Estonia had it a bit more mellow during the soviet times
The disaffection of Tatars since the annexation is well documented and their political and human rights situation is increasingly precarious.
Does Russia really want to invade though?
Pierogi (pelmeen) and kefir(keefir), both are very common in Estonian households
So an illegal foreign occupation changed our geographical and cultural region??
I was looking at the tempature on a day to day basis
I just listened to a podcast episode about this place and other claimed paranormal sightings in Estonia
This post was written by someone who has chosen their screen name to be O.W.
Those politicians and governments are literally part of EU system after all
later
Since we hated the communist more than the fascist, we have it more communist oriented
So they rebuilt it
The Term "Baltic Finns" is a bit confusing as there are also Baltic people, who are not in relation with Baltic Finns.
Kui sa oleks ainult teadnud, millise kättemaksu sinu väike “kaval” kommentaar toob, oleks sa oma suu kinni hoidnud.
We make pea soup  eat pig and use the bone to create a toy with string in it
*mustanahalised*), but this could very well mean "dirty-skinned" as well, so there really is no utterly PC word for that.
This does extend to Estonia to some degree, but it is not so big here
Belgian parliament had to vote to transfer Congo under control of Belgian government to stop it being Leopolds private land and institute some reforms to stop most brutal practices
Estonian had "he is a housewife" translation for that
Doesn't mean life is better there
Geopolitical machinations in South-East Asia are not my concern.
Estonia is so centered around Tallinn that I have no idea, who is from here in particular.
He is a fantasy comicbook character that has certain values, I'm not going to take him seriously.
It's absolutely disgusting for my sensibilities
No, at least half of it was taken from French
There were 1,612 Germans in 2012, while there were 1,913 in 2016.
Were there still people with no such things?
Between Tallinn and Tartu I wouldn't dare to do it, with all the traffic and speed cameras
Is it in the sense that the Cyrillic script is "dying out" or has it always been like that?
And even though we have plenty of idiots ourselves, I feel like the overall level of education of people is better than in many other places I have been to
Winter time is abnormal time
It's working wonders in Russia.
The president usually doesn't have much power but has a lot of representative responsibility,  so it is of some importance
thank you, good moderator
I've given a taste of words like õlu to my German friends and yeah they cannot get it right
Oh yeah, and forests
Oh that reminds me just some time ago i found out that Estonian *plika* comes from Swedish *Flicka*.
[Here's] a huge list of English language European news sites from /r/Europe's Wiki page.
- Do not approach a stranger with speaking Russian language.
All Nordic and Baltic countries have that though.
Only in Tatarstan, Bashkortostan and Yakutia
How about those temps at 7 m/s wind
* [Flag of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic
Feel free to continue being an imperialist.
Once every year
The reason this does not work is because the European parliament does not have the mandate to represent its constituents.
The singers mostly fit under [the dome] but the whole grounds is [quite a lot bigger] [This] is what it usually looks like during the event.
Avoid November and March at all costs (unless you are a freak like me and like November storms)
I think the whole proposal of 4-day work week is aimed at those people
Foreigners often do fall in love with Tallinn, Estonians from outside Tallinn usually don't ;)
Trump is a damn sight better than Merkel's continued policy of national suicide as the German people passively let her import ISIS terrorists and arrest the few Germans that have the courage to argue against her policy in news and social media.
[Highest church tower] was (still is?) the height limit here as well.
Apart from slightly less people at the university, and on busses, would wouldn't know there was anything special going on
"Verito"
I definitely wouldn't say that where I live all service industries suddenly become empty after 8pm
you don't instantly feel the need to start scratching the sudden itch you got?
I'm not an Estonian so perhaps I shouldn't comment, but denying people education in the language of their culture is a bit of a dick move.
Estonian isn't a slavic language, so to have something ending in "ia" is very weird for us
Totally agree on this one, although obvious bias
It is only the difference between gross payments and net payments.
**[**\[34\]**] **The museum**, which holds over 65,000 artefacts, is sponsored by the [Lithuanian Ministry of Culture]  Since the early 2000s, it has \[...\] hosted Holocaust education seminars and workshops
It was clear he had studied at least some Estonian, most of his mistakes seemed to be intentional.
Has to be [Taevaskoja]
Seem like they would be a pain in the ass to remember, but i guess it depends
the 3 baltic states or also our southern neighbors to have a higher GDP than us :-(
They are only in the context of Cold War and the socio-economic aspects stemming from the Soviet occupation.
clean / fin
I remember having to get from Estonia to Germany via land.
Finnish is just drunken Estonian
We go to Latvia to buy cheap alcohol, it's a circle of life
I recommend to come in the middle of August for the best weather and relatively long days, though if you want very long days and maybe to participate in a midsummers celebration, come at the end of June
Actually You need to show either passport or ID-card when boarding the ferry.
If you don't know international law, then why argue?
Because the rest of Europe is going into the 11th century.
The Russians that live here are generally from southern regions, and have a distinctly darker look (brown eyes, black hair, tan skin).
Most young people and middle aged people, both men and women, use some of the very common obscene swearwords quite a lot, like *türa* ("cock", used as "fuck"), but they refrain from using them between different age groups.
Or maybe they weren't selling the data in the first place and there's no way to justify the additional cost of the liability and compliance that the regulation places on them
Either territorial integrity or self determination is more important
fuck, we're away from russia
no problem  sorry if you were dogpiled
Weird thing is that although some Americans may have the stereotype that every European likes to bash Americans and that everyone in Europe hates them for some reason, it isn't really so.
Latvia and Lithuania are brothers (and Estonia and Finland are brothers) but Latvia and Estonia have been roommates for quite a while
The memory of not being able to understand her had stayed with me
Ivory Coast - Elevandiluurannik (well
And you need this knowledge for research purposes?
* Et
All= under
Nationally: it's a legal concept, depending on your citizenship.
But talking about the family, they didn't support the communist party thanks to that they didn't get a decent job and didn't get the permission to buy a car
>Eastern Europe
>is about 900/m, well above national average
Tänud
jag pratar faktiskt lite svenska, så tack för artikeln.
You are just a worthless pawn in the game of the big boys
>It's a joke, chill out man
Yes
Snus and nicotine pouches are also popular, about 6% men either do snus everyday or a few times a week
You are the edgiest person here.
Personally I am also just not clicking with Spain
It doesn't say in the article that they stole the money or cellphone, they took it away, pretty standard police practice, if they don't give it back eventually - then yes, you could say that, but I don't see that being mentioned yet.
The revolution happened partly because of the weak government.
Firs of all assimilation is viewed as somewhat oppressive nowadays because multiculturalism and it is basically telling other people what values they should have etc.
We say "spikker" which means a secret tool, usually a piece of paper containing info to look or write off of during a test
Estonian version for Iceland is the same as English word for "island".
I am an atheist, I know very well what it means.
Too bad nobody helped us to get rid of the commies
Stop being deliberately misleading
My favourite bit from Asterix was when (it was one of the many issues where they dealt with the Romans) Caesar was with his companions and said something along the lines of "and now we'll go eat
Realistically golden age as in "best time to live in our country in all of our history" is right now
yo what the fuck
No, they don't assume - they could be from other countries as well, but just most of the foreign Roma are indeed from Romania.
I can probably tell apart Russian, Polish Czech-Slovak, and Bulgarian.
Well everything is pretty awesome now, but boy, you're going to have a shit time
I don't hate whitebread, it's just not bread :D
Can't imagine what the living conditions must have been like there.
Don't you mean: the more belligerent Russia becomes, the more it is being provoked?
It wasnt year round though
when you complain about your food being too hot: "you have a windmill under your nose" (ok this one could have been just my dad's invention)
My mom has told me stories of how they used to live in tents on the roadsides up until the 70s, but my only experience with Estonian Roma is with two girls on my course in university.
Tallinn old town, Pärnu (where I too love) and Saaremaa Island in the summer
Not well known facylt every lithuanian avtually has 14 toes
This is just gay marriage
In summer the newsreaders do rotate around.
Your understanding of Eastern Europe derives from after the 1930s...
I don't think he was talking about median wages, but rather about above average wages
As big as Samoa
German loans in Estonian come in 3 different forms:
we dont live there, visit rarely (once or twice a year at best) and mostly use it for storing stuff
12:00 should technically be midday right, because that's when the sun is highest in the sky hence the system
Same for childbirth (not sure about abortions though)
Can't really explain it, might just be in my head
Also ruining working from home for everyone.
Yes, there are mountains, but mountains without the sea is like having a soup without a dessert - it fills the purpose, but the enjoyment is not there
Personal projects generally in Estonian, at work whatever the standard is for the current project (usually English)
i mean yes but also no
And there is also some heavy censorship going on on the topics related to migrants in many European countries, as well as in r/europe.
Okei is very common but my estonian teacher always used to scold us a bit for using it
Which is against international law if there are indigenous ethnic groups in the land.
Petersburg railway and a massive population boom (don't know why) for only Tallinn in the interwar period
Russian values are 180 degrees different than Western-European ones.
And people like you fail to understand how international law works...
But he never spoke chuvash and was raised amongst educated Russian class of citizens
It ain't so any more, most of my friends check their work stuff on their phone like at least twice every evening after work
Which could be seen as quite hostile to any immigrants who haven't learned the language
Feels bad man
Westerners sucking up to a Russian dictator - the trend of the 21st century...
If the uneven rates are a problem, harmonize them
and your media are probably showing russian tanks on your borders every day
But the Elizabeths, Louis's, Felipes, etc generally stay in their original form
But the split between male and female names is not absolute
Johann Voldemar Jannsen
Only the Estonian Independence Party advocates leaving the EU but they regularly poll below 1%.
Kaunas is a city in a naturally beautiful valley that looks like is still in the 90s. Or rather it at least looked exactly like 9 years ago when I was there last
When I studied in Vienna I had a ‘Top Jugendticket’ which was valid for a year and it was just a slip of paper
Post the most most ridiculous music videos from the 90s!
As a Russian who is still going to a Russian school here, I have to learn Estonian
No fires here, system works
How complicated is that for you
There is a possibility that next one will fall because of same incident because investigation just started and one involved party is included in next coalition
The president is also the head of the army.
Look how many russian words were loaned during that are still in use today.
But yea, its just absurd and funny haha
Or why we are here talking in English?
The [UN] and [EU] classify Baltic States as Northern Europe
It is not like I cannot remember the difference, ofc I know it
They have the reports written already.
I enjoy our traditions and food
5 years younger than me to be equally pro-LGBT than Estonians of my generation.
But this doesn't really mean that they are "more Asian" either.
Have you actually read the article?
That includes "Estonians" though.
Same
Well there's the South Estonian variants (Võru, Seto, Tartu, and Mulgi), though to what extent they count as different languages than just dialects is debatable
And Kohtla-Järve also looks very soviet, but I simply forgot about the place or well that it's a town and not an *alev*. As a lot of the pretty old town of Narva was bombed town, this also looks a bit more soviet
Conspiracy theories can be both serious business and just plain stupid stories.
All the things that are usually sold in polish groceries in western european countries can be just  found in regular shops, so no point in having specific shops for them
I think Estonia's "positively surprising" is pretty much spot on as most tourists don't know much about the country before coming here.
We should save them, take them all in, then Afghani women will produce more men into poverty and we should take those as well, and...
com" account
Isn't Galicia basically Portugal?
If majority of voters reject this kind of proposals, there is a reason for that
No, the colonization of Americas by the British
I also decided to move that part from my original post, to avoid hurting  people
South-eastern Estonia is like another country
Complete and utter lack of any knowledge about Albania
Actually it is somewhat related.
Mad respect to them and they can count on Estonia’s full support
I can't believe these guys are actually defending Soviets for "freeing" us
A referendum organized during an illegal foreign occupation is itself illegitimate and therefore legally void.
I say Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine, others usually say BioNTech
Or that Gotland has disappeared
Uhhhhhhh well Finland is basiclly the helpful step bro (please no im stuck jokes please i beg you) Latvia and Lithuania are like normal brothers
It's definitely not the only zoo in Estonia, it's just the only large one.
Over here it is usually done via a digitally signed and if needed then encrypted file
I dont have any pocket money since my parents rarely give me any (im 16) . I dont even have a credit card
>There's no way extremist or heavily populist politicians can have a large hand in determining policy even if they receive more votes than usual in an election
Estonian pubs never serve pints, only in 0.5 liters.
Well sure, sometimes, but ain't nobody stupid enough to invite more than 20 drunk young people over to trash their parents' home.
so unfriendly
Then two other people copied him.
> dinner at 22:00
Well I think its the regulations put in place
It really doesn't search long, there's no reason to search for long.
Maybe some lakeside villages or even Bregenz, maybe Graz for the history and a quick google also added Seewinkel National Park for some birdwatching
They should have all quit the next day after Brexit.
I don't think you understand how the world works
Again these trustful survey numbers.
Ok, autumn:5-18
I have excluded archaic cases in active use [for many languages]
Elections are by far definitely not among them.
Literally the moment I realized we had become part of the First World..
Sink=ham
A famine before the war, the atrocities during the war and a plague near the end and after the war lowered the population of Estonia about 60% in the timespan of 15 years (1697-1712).
92% of them are Albanian anyway.
That's the opposite of "mandatory". I would argue that the system in Sweden is one where almost everyone is willing to take the risk to have a safer society and it seems to be working well
The day we stop triggering Latvians is the day I want to stop breathing.
I'm starting French in January, hopefully will continue with courses for several years.
That's actually a very crappy pronunciation guide, but i can't really blame the creator for it either, since it's very hard to write these sounds in English without using IPA (international phonetic alphabet).
You'd do the same if you were in their shoes.
Hmm, where have I seen a similar scenario...
I do feel that we have achieved a lot considering that we both come from really poor families, like parents earning about minimum wage and nobody else in our immediate families had a Uni degree etc - so we have not had an easy start, no mommies getting us a job or networking for us, but the good education system and social system **really** help out a lot if you're smart and/or hardworking
Well there was this worldwide a discussion about what way should you place [the toilet paper roll] \- does the paper roll off from the upper/front (over) or lower/back side (under)
I might be in the extreme but this year waiting for the summer has become almost a religious thing for me
Dude we've got enough real problems with Russia, ain't nobody here gonna worry about Germany any time soon...
Doesn't mean that people shouldn't have those feelings or that they are wrong in any way.
Macron is terrifying here
I'm not sure why they are downvoting you - it was a good joke!
Scheming with the Soviets in behind the doors conferences in Tehran, Yalta, and Potsdam and giving them concessions about these countries, allowing the USSR to build up a large sphere of influence is what causes somewhat (and only somewhat) negative sentiments.
Julmust is the drink of choice.
structure was rebuilt from scratch basically), etc
We aren't nordic
Yeah definitely not Estonia - the Soviet occupation had completely ruined our economy by then.
We've [always had a very low public debt rate] Taking loans is seen rather negatively in public's eyes if done by the government.
The hardcore social conservatives who are a rather sizeable bunch, are going to vote for EKRE probably regardless of what IRL does or doesn't do and for the more liberally minded conservatives the Free Party offers an alternative choice that isn't quite so tainted by politics of the past.
Ida-Virumaa, the by-far poorest part of Estonia, where crime rates are astronomically high, where 75% of the population are Russian, where cities consist of nothing but semi-abandoned brutalist Soviet buildings and most of the (legal) economy is entirely dependent on oil shale
Why would one go outside with freezing temperatures?
It's always sad if you remember the inside jokes of subreddits like /r/mapporn or /r/etymologymaps.
I’d say Estonia and Finland, Russia and Belarus, Germany and Austria, Latvia and Lithuania, Serbia and Montenegro, Kosovo and Albania, Greece and (Southern) Cyprus, Portugal and Spain, UK and Ireland
The territory of Estonia covered an area of 47 549 km2 in 1920–1944, nowadays it covers an area of 45 339 km2
Once you're in the parking lot or a store nearby it's more common to avoid eye contact
Statistics do not agree
As has been noted, many political parties in the EU have similar agreements with United Russia.
*Kure* ( Partitive of *kurg*) + *saare* (partitive of *saar*).
It is female name
Energy independence is more important than green energy.
And they will pay a lot
War of independence right after WW1
As an Estonian, I have to say that the political situation in Estonia often gets misrepresented in the international media.
Though it's mainly because I am really skinny, so any cold wind - and I am frozen instantly
Chornobyl irradiated forests were burning on a large scale recently
Yes
Jakob Hurt
No telephone shopping, no TV shopping
If you are living in Tallinn: interact as in someone asking something on the streets - once or twice a month perhaps.
Or the worst, being woken up in the middle of the night with the sun in your eyes is not great
I have really noticed it being very popular among russians
You do need 2-5 klicks and and a pin to sign it and a further three klicks to send an e-mail with the file, but I'd say that about equals grabbing a pen, signing it manually and taking it to a fax machine
Sometimes the male-owner of that sauna invites only guys over.
Depends, if you're coming over for a little shindig and put your beer in the bridge then it's all good
I have ended up in other countries without noticing
The only hope for the no-car idealists is when public transport is so easy and fast and comfortable, that young people don't want to buy cars anymore
If estonia isn't northern Europe I don't agree
Pretty much
However when new line is formed  it doesn't matter what order was in other line - it's a new line after all
In Estonia it has to be one of the lesser-known towns in the country's northeast like [Püssi]üssi+&oq=püssi+&gs_l=img.3..0j0i24k1l9.2680.2680.0.2838.1.1.0.0.0.0.82.82.1.1.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.1.81.9JpMr39ifdk) or [Kiviõli]õli&oq=kiviõ&gs_l=img.3.0.0l4j0i30k1l2j0i24k1l4.70944.72137.0.73715.5.5.0.0.0.0.175.426.4j1.5.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.5.425.j5DgVvlooBg) (which has cool ash-mounds though).
In Estonia we actually laugh that Finnish sounds like drunk Estonian, so who knows who's actually the drunk one :)
Ideologies don't fight conflicts, people do.
There is a point where the employee becomes more of a burden.
Estonian, German, English, Finnish, Swedish, Latvian, Spanish, and French
Estonia is gray, just like our souls.
yeah
Today is like opposite day as we have Estonians and Latvians like u/toreon and u/LatvianLion making excuses for communism
Elagu Eesti
But whose dialect do you make fun of if not of that of those pesky islanders?
The **locations** might be known only for the more obvious ones: Alaska, Florida, Texas, California, New York
I don't like the idea of somebody getting a citizenship while keeping the old one, simple
Into the Nordic Council, perhaps not.
Followed by the sequel "Twelve buses" (*kaksteist bussi*)
We have the term *väliseestlased* ("outside Estonians") and the Estonians abroad call us *kodueestlased* ("home Estonians").
Greece
On other words, the poorest will get more money, but at the expense of middle class, not rich.
It was like mentioned by some second-grade politician once and that's how an Internet myth was born.
I live in a small borough in Harju county.
Ludicrous
I'm 30 btw
It seems like it is easy for us aswell
Just having to read through the regulation and being fully aware of its implications costs tons of money even if you don't have to do ANY changes
But I can imagine that maybe some old russians in Estonia are missing it a bit
I really don't like the Estonia (It's ok but strange), kinda sounds like a website for geology fans of something
* Despite taxation, public healtchare fund is constantly running short of money
Now it's just another fast food joint and it's down to preference
There are school trips to other countries in almost every European country, Are you sure you don‘t have any in Finland
There isn't even a direct train link between Estonia and Latvia.
I don't see a reason why to show data for "single person with 2 children", it would be more accurate to show data for just individual people.
>I'm also always suprised to see more animosity towards communist regimes than towards racist and fascist regimes
On long distance and country side lines
They got them from taxes paid to them mostly
We got rocketry and medicine off the ground, no need for WW3 guys
Because it was the Eastern Europeans, who wanted to build the wall ;)
There is no fault on Latvian/Estonian side.
(more beer), atheism and complaining about everything
Plus Estonian isn't even an Indo-European language, yet plenty of people think we speak Russian here.
Danish does sound like shit tbh
Are you assuming that they would have tipped the vote in favor of Remain?
tbh it sounds so obsessive
oh, seems pretty dumb to count it as an indepdent case imo but good to know
It’s literally city for a meat factory and soviet blocks, new houses are good tho
glögi in estonian too
Wow you guys really are naive..
As someone who actually lived in one of those "owned by country" is correct.
Well we don't differentiate between the words "great", "big" and "large", but still I guess.
Do you remember many different designs from the Soviet era?
How long does a ferry ride to Stockholm last?
Because my main foreign language in grades 2-12 was German, its word order strongly affected our Estonian.
"Small country south of Finland".
Im sure people would be very happy to live in a normal country for once.
Don't think there even are many games translated to Estonia (maybe some indie game)
Municipal reform issue has been going on for 25 years.
That's the Russian in you thinking it and if you are already thinking that then why wouldn't the evil Ukrainians kill him for real
It was a form of anti-Soviet resistance, but after Estonia restored its independence, most people felt no need for it anymore an religion was gone from the general population, hopefully for good.
Hmm, the medieval old town of Tallinn is really lovely and there are (or at least were before covid) some good restaurants in the capital as well, [this] crossed my mind but the locals will know better
Even with all that good English and great access to information.
[Kuuseke (a cutesy way of saying a fir/spruce tree)
We haven't had many interesting ones, most of them have been constitutional referendums.
I know foreign languages better than they do of course.
the ones born during communism (1930-1970) tend to kiss russian a*s
They also often have more kids than the general population
Guess I am not a true European then, lol ))
In Estonia the landowner does have that right if he puts up a fence.
Doubt anyone would create a 5 year history of normality.
They had only two choices, so say they did come to the polls, all of the 27.8%, and voted exactly thre same as the rest who already did, what would change?
Estonia is further north than Denmark, so I’m confused
Down to having longer breaks after 2nd and 4th lessons
There's also Narva on the Northeastern Russian border where u can't get stuff done in Estonian because everyone speaks Russian
Then of course we drove to the east and drove through some Roma villages, which were a different world of course.
We have the most international super models per capita.
Even before, it's important to stress the Centre Party has never been "Lets leave NATO, make Russian a state language, praise Putin!" type of party, their pro-russian policies have been a lot more subtle though still dangerous, as is the case with Trump in America.
The Azores are one of the most beautiful places I’ve ever visited
They have always been at war with Eastasia.
I work in an international environment, so I speak English on a daily basis
Of course, but it's rather a stupid comparison.
It's just enough to survive
Name of the Nordic parliaments.
Wait, but Iceland is in Europe
Egypt plays a big role in history and is a popular tourist destination
I'm not sure but our scouts are present at military parades, so I'm guessing its more like the U.S but not as militaristic
I even have a funny friend, who once put down his basked and left the store when he heard "Last Christmas" :D
Before  1918, for many years (and i mean many) we were occupied by Russians, Germans etc and when not occupied, this land wasnt called Estonia
Estonian language and culture
Bismarck counseling against Prussia annexing huge parts of
Already knew what it was about and that I never have to visit that page again.
But above all, there are nearly no criteria according to which the Baltics are Central Europe
But they never did
Build a port and they will come
Once you're dead, you are physically incapable of giving a shit about it.
Denmark has a very right wing government, with DF being the biggest right-wing party.
Yes, ethnic Russian citizens of Estonia.
I always heard it as "a Russian doing a racist impression of a Spaniard while being strangled." Weirdly enough, I'm a spanish speaker and to me it sounds like a mix of Spanish and french with a weird inflection.
I don't think that's how a solar eclipse works.
Woah dude
Historically it wouldn't matter, NATO or no NATO
Whenever a person puts these two very different conflicts into the same sentence, I know that the person knows absolutely nothing about recent history and international law.
Everything is written as it is pronounced but not other way around
I definitely wouldn't say that where I live all service industries suddenly become empty after 8pm
Pelmeenid
False
Universal, not free
We here in Estonia don't get any of it sadly
Most popular among teens and young adults and metalheads of all ages, also among hippies and in art/culture scene
But i think cannabis should be legal and controlled by the state, not that smokers will keep funding the underground gangsters/mafia and will end easy access to other drugs too arter they found their cannabis contact (wich is not hard to do if you walk arround with open eyes arround some parts of town)
Come together with your family and eat a lot.
And branding all muslims as such actively fucking turns them into ones.
They have to live somewhere and there has to be many.
Repost from [4 months ago] though.
Sure they are Europeans, but because they [and in that sense they alone] span so far to the outer stretches of the continent and even into Asia, then I would say many of their characteristics make them rather separate from other Europeans.
So can the farmer be like "this sheep cost me one million billion dollars"?
There is Kamchatka that is basically Iceland on steroids
>ridiculous endless growth expectations
conservatives ruining everything once again
Nowadays unnatural changes to the language have become rarer and most cases have turned out to be extremely uncomfortable and rejected by the majority of speakers.
E: also haven't noticed that trend, only that halloween is now a thing
Also, isn't raw meat dishes a big thing in Asian countries
Plus it's using damn hieroglyphs so you can't even read it if you haven't learned it
Media and the general public in Europe isn't really better than in America.
I try playing the country to either prevent that or accidentally make it worse
Oh yeah, we do the k->g in many grammatical cases, plus Helsinki is *Helsingi* in Estonian due to the common pronunciation.
How many people speak Irish in Ireland
It's not enough
Dictatorship is one big party when you're still young
Also works for population size, smallest at the top, largest at the bottom
Not all invasions are illegal though.
"you need to introduce, to all of Africa, sustainable economic growth, gender equality and contraceptives."
I mean we were thaught a bit but it changes so much and honestly the actual part of "doing" taxes doesn't even exist here like it does in the states
Britan
Horvaatia in Estonian
Hey, stop
There is something that is worth looking at
We didn't take them seriously at first, RTs videos on YT had more downvotes than upvotes, like [this] video for example, but now it's all changed.
And I only get burnt like once or twice a day.
Our e-government was defeated by rats
Estonian citizens need a visa to go to Russia
Really depends on the country, but you can regulate that *if the nation has the will*.
Nah, I'm good right here
Even worse - with time definitions of who is on the list became arbitrary and random
Õlu
Kaunas is a city in a naturally beautiful valley that looks like is still in the 90s. Or rather it at least looked exactly like 9 years ago when I was there last
Pretty much everyone does it, but no one looks the bus driver in the eyes while doing it
2 or 3 designs too old lol
It really comes down to how much the president wishes to interfere in the state policy/politics.
Norway is so cool for doing this
Plus, whenever I have defended Estonian and Latvian SS-units, there is always someone, who doesn't get their difference if compared to German SS-units and calls me a Nazi sympathizer...
My grandfather actually was a racecar driver in the USSR, in the top 3 in the Baltic states I think
Well, even Belgians itself were not fond of it, when they found out about it
Used to be milk, now it's either water or kefir.
Quick google search shows that drinking age of 20 in Scandinavia is only for strong alcohol
And if not the whole thing maybe just Kaliningrad
no, that's the president
"Mr Macron, who has praised Chancellor Angela Merkel’s open-door refugee policy that “saved our collective dignity”, is promising to prioritise dealing with asylum requests within six months.
And later they gave out Estonian and Baltic refugees to the USSR...
Similar type of people exists here as well, we call them *ossid* (Sg.
- Estonian islands, Finland and Stockholm: ferry
The fear in totally unfounded you think?
Do you not think that Sweden and Finland are in an inferior position to Russia in their relationship with Russia?
Yep, that is what I did too
However there are far too many cognates which mean different things like:
These include Luxembourgish, an official language of Luxembourg since 1984, and Turkish, an official language of Cyprus.
Tourist traps are tourist traps for a reason
That concept is not much used anyway after the fall of the USSR.
*And so the Estonians were left crying in the corner
You thank the bus driver in Estonia only on intercity buses, but that's mainly because you often leave from the front door or the driver will have to give you your luggage
Yeah definitely old leggings, tops and sweaters are awesome for home but I wouldn’t wear them outside
Latvia will always be the country that we consider as a friendly neighbour in the south
Isn't that what your politicians tend to call bribes
Because I haven't encountered people saying "Holland" that much when they mean "the Netherlands".
>Culturally
We have some special cases though:
Cut the connection to the Scandinavian networks and the turbines wouldn't work
But anyway in reality this song is not popular at all.
My favourite bit from Asterix was when (it was one of the many issues where they dealt with the Romans) Caesar was with his companions and said something along the lines of "and now we'll go eat
How would other people in your country react to this?
I did have to learn Hamlet's monologue in Estonian though.
The cycling infrastructure of the Netherlands
wrinkles / fin
I think in Estonia *limonaad* is generally any "non-black" sparkling beverage.
And first lessons were not productive anyway - everyone was really sleepy
Denmark
Tartus old estonian nane was Tarbata and was related with taara who is one of the gods in the estonian pantheon
Pleasantly exaggerated, that's why.
I would have taken back the tip...
For me, "rural" comes to mind first.
When written there is no difference, when said there is difference
>Why are they holding pride parades if they were forcibly recruited, you ask
Only first time offenders are able to choose the time out
Some common swearwords like *vittu* or *putsi* (both "into the cunt", used as "fuck") are considered more obscene and they are mostly used between close associates only, if one doesn't want to be seen as rude.
You're a Finn
I'm sure they were proud of being in the same unit with each other and for fighting against the Soviets
Yeah, same vice-versa
Why do you think it still stands?
"You damn Czech people, complaining when we blow stuff up in your country
Well these sorts of things often have many speculated origins and we probably will never know for sure.
* Crime rate is not really that high, I think Tallinn is worse
Didn't notice that in Estonia
The reich wing filth that is in LePen's camp (along with the dumbfuck Drumpf swine in America) can suck a fat dick
Espercially when you're in the central tourist area, fast food is fast, cheap and you know what you're getting so you can have a quick lunch and continue sightseeing
Can't build camps for tens of thousands of people you say?
We got it fair and square with vodka
Here in Estonia if it's public sauna (like in spa) people don't go naked
Pretty embarrasing
His luck is running out, though.
Jõehobu- river horse (hippo)
Estonians and Finnish built their saunas in Afghanistan during deployments
I remember one Tallinn town councilor, who only knew enough Estonian to say: ["I will not comm**a**nt."]
Unless you know for sure that the person is Russian.
I thought it was Lithuania because of Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth
Limpa, Valge klaar and Kelluke are all very popular here
And it is very widely used
If your country had a Game of Thrones-like "bastard name", what would it be?
Well our only real city does have both historical suburbs like [Nõmme]õmme,+Tallinn/@59.3735814,24.6560173,7118m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x469295155ee9b969:0x500b36d18fc7100!8m2!3d59.3765!4d24.6900999) and relatively new spread out suburbs like everything north of [here] on Viimsi Peninsula, everything north of [here] in the greater Kakumäe Peninsula area.
Indeed, though the difference carries a huge legal difference.
After the Soviet occupation Lithuania drawfted a new constitution thus creating a new country.
In Estonia people may know the language, but due to political reasons, we usually refuse to speak it, especially the youth.
I'll try to make some conclusions (they may change soon):
Ninasarvik- nosehorny (rihno)
Comments sometimes in Estonian, but rarely
Same in estonian we have only TEMA
As in phonetic spelling
Well, average graduate salary varies from 1200 eur to over 2000 eur depending on a university and field of study
Look at the other comments, a lot of them mention countries that do not exist today
Doubt they would bother anymore
I think positions of middle school teachers for physics, chemistry, biology and languages other than English are often vacant
Seems like your knowledge base starts from the time when the States actually got bombed to shit in pearl harbor and started to give a fuck about the war.
As it falls within my line of work - more Estonians speak German than French and even young diplomats usually don't.
And on top of that they have to fight for every little increase in salary
>  but that guy gives me wrong vibes I don't really want him in my team, let's hire the nice lady
Here in Estonia until 10th grade food in school is free (well, "payed by taxes", but free on the spot for kids)
I can see how this might be different in other post-Soviet states like Ukraine, Belarus the Caucasus states and even some parts of Latvia due to the different economic situation
Something which Northern Estonian dialects and Standard Estonian have lost, the only Finno-Ugric language to have done so.
Well Narva is bigger than Pärnu, but because it's mostly populated by Russians, then obviously Pärnu feels bigger in our national consciousness
Your opinion is that red star is ok, but what the guy I sent this question to said was "censorship is never good" and I was looking for an answer to that.
Happy birthday
Looking at the historical perspective meat has for most of human history been a luxury product only for the holiday table of the common man and I can't really see how fur or leather is any different
We never felt the distances were too long, quite the opposite, in the end we wished there were more trains to take
He fell asleep before he had finished.
I think it's more the case of how well education is managed, funded, and accepted in society, with most pupils wanting to get good results for a good future.
The US had an election, Estonia changed it's coalition government in between the elections.
Also don’t call us or any other baltic countries russian or imply anything similar, there’s a lot of bad history there and quite frankly it’s a bit offensive
Indeed, you most probably got hit with it and it got stuck.
Good thing they don't have any murders or would be the homicide capital of Europe, perhaps the whole world
Otherwise, ethnically mixed children will grow up with both cultures usually and they won't lose anything unless you forget to properly introduce them to your culture.
But we actually don't have that much variety, no mountains, no really grand landscapes only bogs and forests which are pretty but you can also find them in nordic countries
(Poland can join as a middle man)
love how estonia and latvia look the same
Estonia had a very good transition and we still have a lot of these people bitching.
You're retarded, aren't you
If you compare it to human behavior, Sweden basically raised Finland from its infancy for over the better part of a millenium.
In Estonia it's more that the neighbours will just look weirdly, but I've never heard of police actually fining people for this
Türa (or tra) is a pretty common word, but is mainly used by itself, it's more of a fuck than fucking
Me  'im from Estonia'
[Toomas Hendrik Ilves]
Yeah, I have the swedish letter Å on my keyboard too but I changed it and when pressed it writes Ü. Also, how do you get the flag and country name next to your username on this subreddit
I've seen Dutch, British, Czech, Austrian, etc plates here
You can check out this incredible timelapse that shows difference between summer and winter in Finland - it's pretty much same here in Estonia
But definitely not with the USSR.
In Estonia this is almost universally seen as a Russian tradition and Estonians usually refrain from doing it.
Finland = Soome
Well, that means there is controversy about your post.
Like i said a while ago when you posted this question to /r/askreddit i don't think that a lot has changed here, apart from some Ukrainians seeking refuge here.
Right now the actions taken are only in the interest of vaccine industry
All the supposedly non-authoritarian ideologies that you mentioned are absolutely fringe ideologies that have no relevance in our society
Valmis või ei, siit ma tulen
Just hope this laicite actually has the teeth and strength to defend itself when it is attacked
All Baltic countries (especially Estonia and Latvia) were then repopulated with imported workers, reducing the local population to 50-60%.
You dont take into account  major differences between Ukraine and Estonia
BuT wE aReNt EaStErN EurOpE bEaCauSe We'rE nOrdIC
That's logical, because growing tomatoes here in the north is more difficult, and not everyone could have grown them like
From the classics, Orwell (british), Dostojevski (russian), Hugo (french), Lindgren (swedish) and Lee (USA) are usually included to name a few
Is it this time of the month already on r/AskEurope?
Estonian females prefer more casual and neutral clothes
Yep, location is [here] looking towards the Apteegi (Pharmacy) street
Putting foreigners before her own people is disgraceful.
I wish both biased sides would use these wings to fly the fuck away...
Unless you visit like 7 islands per day throughout your lifetime, then yes, that would take more than a lifetime.
This must include grey and green eyes.
koristama: est
They both should have resigned a long time ago
Depends what kind of research
Then there's Estonia - offering cultural autonomies for ethnic groups that barely exist in the country, like the Ingrian Finns and Coastal Swedes.
hahhahh stupid scandianavian wannabes hahah
> My native language is English and I FUCKING HATE that we expect everyone to speak English
I’m not sure on which basis you’re saying Estonia is culturally Eastern Europe
Nope
I mean, the place barely feels like a foreign country anyway...
I hope Iran won't retaliate on US soil, I have no interest in seeing article 5 being triggered
ngl, finnish is drunk estonian
Means edge of the ice
Never mind, these kind of people will not get it
This disinformation campaign has been happening for 25 years now, in itself it is nothing new.
The end abruptly etc
Chip bags that had pokemon [tazos] in them
This is a dilemma for a dictator - if they kill him in prison it would send only one signal - that he is afraid of Navalnyi even in captivity
Yep
These few soldiers are not a threat of invasion for Russia as the post above me suggested.
The point being that Baltics refuse to become a Russian-speaking region just because a foreign occupying regime tried to turn them into one
tho the last native speaker died in the 90s.
Dunno, in university it seemed better in my time, but I have no kids going to school, so maybe this is just as bad in schools still
>But Austria still had the idea first
As the old saying goes about Estonians:
The cheapest fuel was i think in either Lithuania or Poland
30am
imagine having grammatical genders lmao
You must be the first non-finnic person I've seen who says that it's easy to pronounce
I love how it’s a mix of both germanic and romance roots with a very distinct pronunciation
Don't think there even are many games translated to Estonia (maybe some indie game)
or goes alcohol shopping in them
Very similar to the Finnish one, except the 3rd line is a bit different at the end
Riga was historically the metropolis of the Baltics which is why it's still the biggest city and also looks way more cosmopolitan
Older Russian females have this unfortunate diamond shape (I have met only a handful of skinny old Russian ladies in my life I'm afraid), red or dark violet hair, often a lot of perfume - once again, way bolder than your usual Estonian granny
Oh no, utterly different cases of illegal invasions!
You’d earn more weird looks as a non-atheist than as an atheist
That is absolutely true and the only people I met there who were nice were ironically immigrants who couldn't speak English either but at least they did their best to communicate
Random people have been making those.
Latvia- Kārums and cultural sites plus the "brother from another mother" (as I like to call it) friendship
It's already like that here in Estonia
No, it's actually super easy, barely an inconvenience
I probably understand what you mean by "room to expand", but most migrants want to be in the big cities, where all the big projects are, barely anyone wants to work in other places, that's also one source of problems.
Might be hope for you guys yet
Trying to hit on women in the store or on the street like Americans have been recommending me
It's a good place if you want to get stabbed or something
In February 1991, there was a prank on the TV about the 100 Finnish markka bills being taken out of use
Russia respects strength, not weakness.
>Worst weather there is is 0 to 4c, wind and whatever sludd is called in english
Estonia is pretty much the same
Supreme court and Federal court can block it though.
How many people have called you iSlAmOpHoBe so far
I didn't know that it was he who said that
depends on the area, but i personally have walked home from Tallinn city centre to a suburbian area (approximately a 1
That's basic constitutional law theory for you.
There is definitely a generational difference in this matter
Classical political theory for you.
I've actually heard this joke before, but with the Finn as the one who had his bollocks stuck between the boards.
Very
We stopped in \~10 cities for a night and it was very cool, are planning to go back to some places
I like to hear Spanish, they seem to speak with a lot of emotion and really quick from time to time
It hit 22 degrees today when the prediction was way below 20 and I’m wearing an autumn coat
Not 10 because of e-Estonia et al.
Of course he did, one madman to another...
[This one] is quite popular among students, containing the lyrics "Get out, get out of the country, those who drink Estonian vodka and don't speak Estonian
Also, we united with the rest of the baltics to form a human chain of several hundreds of kilometres
That's why this emotion is more common (not exclusively!) in more irrational circumstances: underdeveloped societies and uneducated people.
It would also be a good idea to have an EU-wide military alliance, but if Brussels ever becomes the seat of my national government, I'm moving to Trumpland.
The losers of globalisation are the people whose vote caused Brexit and Trump.
I mean both languages can be really cool and perhaps the best in other contexts, but "pleasant"?
They speak seto dialect there , a normal Estonian can't understand that language at all
Similar argument with Poland "Well we needed to grab the land as Germany would of grabbed it anyway". So you become an aggressor and kill another countries soldiers, generals and you somehow are mad that they object to it
The first article of HIV cure I remember was some Cambodian prostitute getting "lucky" being immune to HIV, so she basically could uhm...love, as many men as she wants.
Is it similar/the same in Spanish
Erm, to be fair, isn't this about ethnicity and not of nationality, which is obviously not Greek?
Jokes about Russians that aren't funny  Ahem* what did Ivan say to Dimitri
Estonian labourers from German public toilets
Opens, but you know you could include the link [in text] it looks much better :)
Why do you feel the need to defend communism if you are a social democrat
i grew up speaking estonian and my parents switching to more or less broken russian when they wanted to speak about secrets
Why would you switch to Russian?
I swear our general area is some of the worst climate in existence
a person from [Pelguranna subdistrict] [Põhja-Tallinn district] Tallinn, Harju County, Northern Estonia, Estonia.
I have met several Germans from the eastern side (Rostock specifically) and they spoke better Russian than me.
The social security is much better in Europe and I would be much more comfortable with raising my kids here
Their people are poor and infrastructure is in shambles, but they still got money for military and massive drills.
Maybe, but school systems are different enough that it gets annoying finding the correct term in each case
There is cheap food and great hospitality, also fabulos arts and plenty of history
Finland, Sweden, UK, Germany and Norway are most popular destinations
Idk how we didnt fall off
Mate, we had all the snow melt in a few days, it's depressing as all hell
touch / fin
revolutions can work sometimes but there is no actual "How to regime change" law book so every time it works differently
Take into account the huge number of Russians in Estonia, few of whom would be suiting/willing for the Defense League.
When you closed the office door, it was over
But the question still remains, how does someone living in a country with its own language for more than 25years (and it still was being commonly used during soviet times too among latvians) still doesn't know latvian enough to pass a simple/basic language test?
In Tallinn we don't have a river and our central station is owned by drunk homeless people and not pigeons so
Rich coming from a German
Finns often have this Finnish squint
We even had/have an expression for marrying a man: *tanu alla saamine* - "getting under a bonnet."
Average is about 20k (in usd) and half of the workers get  less than 15k. So, still sounds great to you
Estonia can into nordic
Sometimes you'll see black aswell
If you keep insulting estonians for how they feel (like many latvians seem to do in reddit), or trying to manipulate opinions like some of your posts, then it will result in the opposite reaction to what you're looking for
nordicestonia
Because with change in a negative situation comes a chance of there being a possibility of a change which will improve their situation.
Mount Harambe...on second thought...no
Miiduranna is of course mostly harbour area, but everything surrounding it in the Viimsi Peninsula is pretty popular for housing, and quite expensive.
Nazi Germany is a widely accepted name, gosh...
Tykky: hardened clumps of snow on tree branches
Finnish is just drunken Estonian
I don't know if I could explain this any further..
Power to them, yes those parades are flashy but they are not attacking or 'trying to make people gay'.
Time when colonialism was acceptable
There are many older style highrises in NYC that I liked, but some of the ones from especially the 1970s and 1980s felt like they are just a huge boring facade the first 10 floors or so
Water shouldn’t be expensive
In that case nobody in Europe is against Russian culture, we just despise their hostile imperialist dictatorship and historical lies.
thanks to the olympic games i had heard of the city of torino, but i always thought it was in canada
I am not a fan of the language either
But still you have to look at the bigger picture.
They are basically treating the dribers as school kids giving them a time out if they behave bad
What annoys me is that you can see the reaction of the audience.
I don't know if it's THE offical video, but here's one:
Estonia monoculturalism is "shining" through tough, then again out of these groups we probably only have Jews so the unknown is uncomfortable
As I said - Polish culture is not the same as "X-Polish" culture, and their websites clearly say Polish culture.
Here english is mandatory from 1st class and you have to take the english national exams at the end of highschool, wich will give you B or B based on your score.
While I disgaree with him, I also disagree with you, it's not because of socialism, it's because of successful internal competition in the economy, in governing.
I am usually called a shortened version of my name but from my dad I've gotten "Mees metsast" (man from the forest)
we usually just use present tense and imply the future part of it with adverbs such as tomorrow, next week, soon, etc
Never mind building up the ties and relations with countries after Brexit
I just listened to a podcast episode about this place and other claimed paranormal sightings in Estonia
Please don't start another hype train with every fraction of population.
Vienna, because of the culture
Then it is difficult to say
Kuldnokk(gold beak)=starling
Even if you can keep them at room temperature, fridge is just the most convenient place to store food (unless you have some special room or cellar for that)
owl / fin
If I remember correctly, then the city had a vote whether it would stick to Petrograd governorate or join the Estonian governorate in the late 19th century
I highly doubt Estonians number, i can probably think of like 15.
Black represent dirt iirc
Because rooting out "nationalist" elements in Soviet Union was a good excuse for killing people they didn't like.
He isn't just fighting to keep power, he's fighting to keep his way of life, no way he'll back down
That the Soviets managed to find pro-Soviet ethnic Estonians to collaborate.
My english teacher in 4th grade spelled sneakers as "snikers". I am wearing snickers apparently
Tartu - Dorpat
A grandma and a grandchild once saw a man with very brown skin, just red underwear who was walking very weirdly
Some [Southern Estonian dialects] are so different from Standard Estonian that it's almost impossible to understand anything.
someone obviously didn't get snow in september
Sometimes you'll see black aswell
A wall is a pretty solid thing..
Japanese - アプリコット (apurikotto)
They don't understand by making it legal here, there would be much less street dealers selling it to underage kids (wouldn't say it would dissapear totally)
Well definetly German, but Russian is most helpful in Eastern European countries
They were more in the business of raising taxes and cutting benefits for the workers, while avoiding taxation of those who actually reaped the benefits from the economy.
It's not like your country's history began at independence.
Russophone people are almost exactly 30% of Estonia, that's what we usually mean by the "Russian minority" - its *de facto* meaning includes other non-Russian minorities that speak Russian as their main language.
There are loads of Soviet-era Russian majority towns that serve no economical purpose right now and are semi-abandoned.
I thought we were arguing about another map.
More vowels = the language sounding more drunk and a shitload of finnish words for things are basically estonian words with a vowel stuck to the end like lampu, üksi, kaksi, kolme, neljä, viisi, kuusi, hotelli, passi, bussi to name a few
Italy
I the capital, you have traffic jams and commute that takes more than 20m. Higher salaries, higher living costs and all these typical things
It's all about our perspectives.
Every source I read mentioned that this just nazi propaganda
But it is how the world works.
It's not at all inconvenient, you just snip the corner off and the bag will stay in the container as you pour.
Hitler was part of a right-wing government, where he had quite a big role.
I shall remember this for the next time I meet a Dutch person
We had a saying that the wildlife will find you after a couple of days in the forest - when you have lost your "human odors" and started to smell like the forest.
English is a global language now, seen, found and understood everywhere
More or less the same stereotype about Tallinn, plus the fact that Tallinners tend to equate Estonia with Tallinn...
I am convinced that all Russians do this because I have one Russian guy living next to me in the dorm and not once has he put it the right way round
For example in my country the difference between the richest (capital) and poorest region in the average wage is more than 500 euros
Made the whole city center look like a dangerous place to be in
And those reasons are often in the line of "but you're Baltic".
As if the Big Ben or Colosseum was up in flames
For males Juhan, Heldur, Hildegard, Hugo, Aadu
which implies that the lines are there purely to show the difference/similiarity in the languages
I think we want to be ourselves culturally, just like any Dane, Swede or Finn.
Where did they appear for no reason whatsoever?
But I imagine there was quite the animosity towards any foreign rule - you owned the area at a time where the Estonians were split between three countries, known (creatively) as the Three Kings' Era
When did you guys accepts your evil doing?
>Behind the Lord's back
It's not like the people are usually stepping between every single tile so much to prevent growth
One party is in the coalition right now, but in general we have the first left-wing government in like, since the restoration of independence.
I don't consider Russians as part of "us" and there's just no way ethnic Estonians are more religious than Czechs.
We do wear a red poppy, but it's done to honour all of soldiers who died/fought for our country, it's generally connected to the Remembrance Day on 8th/9th of May and focusses a bit more on those who died in WW2 and current Russo-Ukrainian war instead of WW1
>Huge income inequalities
Doesn't really matter what you consider it.
Sending people into occupied territories is a crime against international law though.
I'm not talking about Russia dominating the world nuclear industry, which in it's current form has little growth potential, due to it's excessive cost
What's the point of arguing even with you, convincing you, if you are arguing for individuals, who yes, are probably fucked, while I'm showing you the BIG PICTURE.
There isn't even anything wrong with capitalism as it's essentially just a freedom to do business and right to own property
So it's a so-so result
Actually, a lot of these parties call themselves right conservatives, but their economic policies are often very leftist.
Milk
The French ones were stupid enough already.
i'm biased and i dont even have a licence, but i think its a cool and clever idea
62/hr in 2016
Every Estonian from the age of 15 is required by law to have an ID-card (you don't have to own a passport)
Looks like 2020 is going to be pretty darn solid
Indeed, there doesn't even exist a regularly quoted written form of such contractions, but they go like this more or less:
I'm sure fairly narrow rural roads with trees acting as barriers all around have something to do with it too
Not to mention that the former majority ethnic Estonians were not allowed back to the town after WWII...
The problem with every utopia is that bridging modern reality with future utopia always involves death and destruction for the modern people.
1944
France doesn't control its territory anymore now?
we call it "three king's day" and we don't really celebrate it, but it is a tradition to take out the christmas tree on this day or at least BY this day, and it is also the last day it is okay to wish happy new year
This was amplified by the memory of Soviet 50 and 100 rouble bills having been suddenly phased out in 1961
That is not entirely true
You might never use public healtchare, but you still pay for it
but on the other you have very real threat to millions of your own people, as well as the entire world.
In a context they are, just don't go and spread around this ignorant concept in any context.
No matter how educated you are, you can't have an expert opinion on everything.
I couldn't give two shits about them.
Older people in Eastern Europe.
Another train wreck
Well separating ours into /r/Eesti and /r/Estonia would be ridiculous :D
- 82 (Pb) - Plii
If you force it in any way you'll end up angering some people and giving Russia a way to stir up problems
Until 19 yo yes, however braces are excluded.
Very difficult to find a person under 35, who doesn't speak English.
I've got no tolerance whatsoever.
Pretty much
What does leaving the EU have to do with racism?
However, I personally find that it makes it easier to speak about someone about whom you don't know if they are male or female - and don't even care!
Russia has highest level of wealth inequality and it's boosting the GDP up.
Well skilled thieves can be quite successful.
If I pass that window, I would probably have to consider adopting instead
Only if it's a car traffic tunnel, which I very much doubt, because that would be completely unprecedented.
therefore Estonia cannot into Nordic because it emits a lot of greenhouse gases per capita?
He just posts in big subreddits.
Fun fact
We are not "brothers" with Latvia
It speaks for itself when we don't have separate words for a "mountain" and a "hill".
You're southerners first of all and summer time is so much better
Seriously though, the country as a whole is pretty sparsely populayed, but small enough that no place is really sufficiently distant to be considered "middle of nowhere".
It has some problems but I think that it's mostly fine.
Nice to be characterized as a Russian...
Well this fucking sucks, will at least VPNs work
Amsterdam, Berlin, Barcelona, London, Venice.
The yellow fields of grain alight with fire under the black clouds of Mordor?
Yet this other kid from another school is a criminal.
The police put this in place because according to their research speeders were less annoyed about the fine and more about the time it took to get the paperwork done (i.e 15 minutes in the cop car)
Why no one likes Estonia
Or maybe our ppl will stop being pussies so we can finally build a nuclear reactor
I'd say anyone that supports the right of the Scottish people to be whatever the fuck they want to be, while telling us Catalans to fuck off and eat a fat one, is a biased hypocrite.
May god bless your great nations struggle for freedom
It leads to being too rigid and not open to change and innovation
In English "kielbasa" does not mean sausage, it means a certain kind of sausage and it's not incorrect to say "kielbasa sausage".
Think to yourself: would the recent MAGA hat teenager story have blown up the same way 20 years ago or is it completely a result of our clickbait media era where people do minimal to none fact checking as it's all about getting the story out as fast as possible
And that is what should be examined closely.
However, the preambula can be taken as a sort of poetic first article and is considered a very important part, as it essentially states the reasons for the existence of Estonia
Nagu tina tuhka – like tin into ashes
Other is Norway turning their hydro up and down to match Danish needs
It does not, you have amazing literature, ballet, music, nature etc, not all is politics
What does "more unique than Slavic" mean?
Yes
I think Estonian is even more illogical for Finns and Hungarians as it's the only Finno-Ugric language that has lost its vowel harmony and that's why the pronunciation is "all over the place", while the other two are more restricted in their phonetics.
Jää-äär is another one of these
’ and I think we should be more intelligent than that
Don't expect too many more seats for those parties though.
The Danes conquered it in 1219 (with the associated legend of the [Danish flag falling from the sky] and [built a town] on the site.
Goes for most of Europe though, I presume.
I love the language, I really liked the small villages, felt kinda
I'd say the difficulty with world is that most of the letters in that word are practically imaginary
Living from election to election
the "singing revolution") started with the Night Song Festivals in June 1988.
It’s for girls but for a year we switch with the boys and do woodwork instead
1) 10 AM - 10 PM, year-round, all shops need to have a confined area for alcohol that can be closed if necessary if they want to remain open at different hours.
They wouldn't even need that if they were just visiting
This is actually a very common opinion
Reiss vaas bääd, batt kaar vaas kuud.
You "serve" society by working(thus providing services), paying taxes and not breaking laws
You can either have two first names and a surname or one first name and two surnames
1 000 000 = miljon
with commie blocks
I know the story, I'm from Lasnamäe myself
Sauce
If it's this calm patriotism, i.e.
[The planned high-speed railway terminal in Tallinn
I wouldn't call that being active about it.
Can't drink more after you've run out
The more people close to each other, the weirder talking with each other is.
illegally killing millions with no response.
Trump was a protest vote for many.
Cost is 25€ but the government can reduce or waive it if you have financial difficulties, and lasts 5 years
What the heck are you on about?
Yeah i've been there
Hearing other people talk on public transport?
Summer hot: 25-33
That speaker rig
Halloween
Are there any demographics that tend to use Cyrillic more than Latin?
Cops and Robbers was a game indeed, plus several other versions of tag and many ball games like:
That's not PC man, I got downvotes for calling Russians immigrants...
Not sure how true the claim is though
Probably Finland, but Latvia is a close second.
Estonia would be radically different without Finnish television though.
One should not downgrade these factors while criticizing the high number of stateless people.
Being Finnish you should remember the last time orders came from Moscow area
And estonian workers on south finland
I don't know of any to be honest, besides a few KGB museums at their former premises, but these are more about their methods than about their crimes
Before you give Texas to one of them, can we at least get the Estonian part of it?
* 1918-1940
In 6th grade you can choose russian, german and in some schools finnish.
You can't stop it
That said I've never seen a proper match from a stadium so I wouldn't know how it is
And some rules and laws are stupid too
And we will send our [female biathlete snipers]
Went to a church ceremony for a wedding for the first time in my life this summer.
If you dont mind me asking, would you rather a democratic system supported by the US with 100% freedom of speech, or the current autocratic goverment?
Yeah in Estonian it feels like that
Sure, although he was not an Estonian.
> Helsinki is the second-most Northern capital in the world (after Reykjavik)
4) contactless cards (only in Tartu and Tallinn)
Both names are used
People generally refer to people with these hyphenated names by their full name (i.e the second part is not a middle name)
We only had above +10 for  a few days, maybe a week this year
Pretty funny coming from a Swede.
Orav
I think you guys could have quite a laugh indeed, if asking an Estonian/Finn to pronounce Czech words
And the storyline is always the same...
Average rent for a 2-room apartment would be from 350 to 450, with most options being 400-450
Which is a bit sad actually, Lindgren's books are mint
It's as if they are wondering whether such a language exists and they are deriving the hypothetical language name from the country name
Really explains why every prominent Russian during that era came from the Baltics or Germany
I mean they were basically victims of the pact between Hitler and Stalin
Because you guys are obsessive in being ignorant and having a bias.
Off-season it kinda dies down but there are still some finnish pensioners visiting spas.
From neighbour to neighbour
This to an extent just enough to not irritate Russia too much, e.g. Russia remains an official language, so Russia isn't really in a position to take a political stance on Kazakh language
In Estonia we skimmed it, not too much but we talked about it
By that i mean, is the whole screen covered in ads and the articles are clickbait?
Yes, for sure, but by European standards this is nothing special, unlike for emigration, in which especially Latvia and Lithuania have been way above European average.
Our national carrier went bankrupt recently.
It's not like other countries chose their borders to be violently changed...
So the first is “Perseauk”, I’m not too sure about the second one but should be “Türa lits ära piilu minuga ei maksa norida” which means “Fucking bitch, don’t look/peek, it’s not a good idea to pick a fight with me” and the third is “Kusen su ema hauale”
yes, even in cold weather and snow
Oh we have that thing too, it's called "summer".
You would immediately become the worlds hated country if you did that as you would be a threat to everyone
Fun fact, in the Netherlands people use diseases as insults
There is still a [small community] (around a few hundred people) of Estonian Swedes who remained or returned after we regained indpedence, but they mostly speak standard Swedish AFAIK
do u have any examples
Anywhere
"This is worse than the famine
I don't call bullshit, been there three times no issues, locals were very helpful as well
Hiiele
We're not really into the idea.
I mean I had English classes for 11 years in school, used English constantly during my Uni studies and still use it every day for my phd work
Anyway, my point is he drove a really sweet decked out lada:
EDIT: just vote to have mountainous terrain, bro
People often use incorrect grammatical cases with some expressions, plus there are many similar words, which mean entirely different things, quite like the English "your" and "you're".
No bright blue ocean or tropical palm trees
Elagu Eesti
As long as 95% of people are vaccinated education is enough imo
Very little land between the lake and mountain, so I get it
You can't really make something up as u/eurovisionist7 said - such answers would just go under "do not know".
Just more of the same bullshit that lead to Brexit, had to know it was Verhofstadt
How many of these maps have shown Estonia and the Baltic states as "European Russians" or whatever similar.
I don't mean yelling at the wall, obviously, rather the [Strategic Defense Initiative]#Impact_upon_Soviet_Union), which the USSR had to answer to, but eventually couldn't.
I didn't say we shouldn't work towards implementing more green energy.
His parents fled the Soviet "Union" during WW2
ivory coast)
They don't need to ask any questions, their leader already knows all the answers.
They exist in Europe as well actually
The [Lasnamäe] district is notorious in the sense of low-quality Soviet era housing
Again, not followed by any non-communist atheist...
Trying to hit on women in the store or on the street like Americans have been recommending me
I recently worked on a software project, which involved scraping "random" recently updated websites and this or similar messages appeared on about 20% of all websites, which my scraper saw
You recall wrong both otherwise thats the gist of it tho its a lot more complicated than your summary
It can be seen a wakeup call for both Luka and the people who so far thought "whats the point
Estonia has a village called "Aa" [
Harry Potter and other such fiction books are entertainment just like movies and games
and then going and buying a babuska..
I should perhaps rephrase my original statement to say that I'm under the impression that Dutch society as a whole contains racist elements.
And “black humour” for sarcastic dark jokes about death or other taboo topics
Iceland square because Iceland was the first country to acknowledge the restoration of our independence, and the Danish king's garden is according to myth the place where Denmark's flag fell out of the sky (given by God) during a battle between Danes and locals.
People who have really wanted to change things democratically in Europe and have tried the methods you mention would disagree with you.
And some rules and laws are stupid too
Meh
The word knight comes to mind as a good example of a word that was pronounced very differently
I have an opinion: If something is sold in a fridge/cooler/refrigerator, it should be kept in the refrigerator at home to try to follow the same circumstances
He means that we are not ethnically or linguistically Baltic or Slavic, which is true.
I personally support immigration of people who integrate or bring something new that is not culturally backwards, don't care what race they are.
Except that there was no Scandinavian settlement in Estonia in that era.
Center-right and center-left parties usually formed coalition governments, but much of that center-right has moved to even more right wing parties and possible coalition compositions are hard to find.
In Estonia we have only Estonian as a language but it has many accents
I think many of them use a Russian flair.
We can only dream about what would've been if Soviet Union never happened.
Proportional system is by far the most logical one and it forces parties to cooperate and find common ground.
They are like real life currency boxed in some luxury apartment waiting for countries to piss each other off so media can write "12022 diplomats expelled, country is very angry against other country!"
I like to be together with her!
*[The Singing Revolution] is an exceptionally good documentary about Estonia's recent history
We don't hear too much about you guys here, so would love to have an opinion from you
My parents and grandparents would use Russian
Pure= bite
Well we are almost similar enough, but we have so many false cognates that you often misunderstand what is being said.
Of course with the US and with the New World in general it can be even more nuanced as most Italian Americans are Anglicized peoples and speak American English as their native language and they have retained varying levels of Italian culture
Not strange at all, if you think about it
In addition to "spikker" already mentioned in some other comments, another (somewhat more archaic) word for cheat sheet is "puks", "(maha) puksima" = to cheat, to copy (down)
Anyways, nice map
pretty worrying recently, or ever since Crimea, really.
A regular person still has one native language regardless of how many have an official status in the state.
Somewhere warm where there aren't so many creepy spiders or snakes
Scandinavian justice system is built for petty criminals, not mass murderers.
As is Nice/Nizza
Most write in cursive but i like tilted hybrid xd
For that reason, the political ideology "nationalism" is usually distinguished from the general positive sentiment for your country called "patriotism".
Never thought my little country would make anyones list haha
English:
First name and surname (father's)
- Snow packs (*lumi pakib*) around Pärnu.
problem is that Estonia doesn't have coal
We don't treat them inhumanely.
in what state is that even in
Russia just took advantage of the situation and invaded Ukraine.
Didn't think of that, but yes, it's a struggle
This is what happens when you occupy random countries.
According to this logic there are many tiny dots of Turkish territory in Germany, because there are some districts that are mostly populated by Turks.
Im not an expert in Russian politics but from what I know their actions are pretty bold and sudden.
Thanks for this warm story
ok american
Yea we touched on him briefly, didn't know or remember he did all of that, just remember that he had to do something to piss off the people so much for 5 soldiers to empty clips into him
Baltic standard of living were supported by transactions from other Soviet Republics in the past and now they are supported by transactions from EU members.
Someone else answered that they also restored independence.
uhhh Kerli from the pop scene maybe
The slogan is not ''DEM EVIL RUSKIES'', and really, we have the idea of ''FREEDOM'' (st independent state), but that is clearly not enough.
It's lucky if they are being actively conserved, but many are not.
Outside reddit nobody really cares
The way socio-demographics amplifies even the moving abroad part, is due to the fact that you cannot get full-time work in smaller towns, as the populations there have been decreasing
he was an important guy in France and conquered a bunch of stuff, but there's no particular positive or negative view of him - I'd say most people don't learn about him enough.
But the best way to irritate an Estonian is to call another **non-Nordic** country more Nordic.
- If you should come in the summer, then the [Estonian Open Air Museum] at Rocca al Mare, Tallinn, is worth visiting.
Forest cover or land declared as forest
We had an older Spanish male giving Spanish lessons in high school
*cries in Monaco*
The thing is that a significant part of the youth have left, so many who would have commited crimes are gone (most likely to Tallinn)
Sadly no, it’s a podcast in Estonian about crime and paranormal fenomena
From memory, it was mostly the Tatar families who tended to speak Tatar at home, so the trick didn't apply to them
Practically they are there just to give an illusion of some sort of democracy.
The roadtrips down south makes us almost Nordic :)
We are not a Nordic country :(
I have never met or talked to any non native who could actually speak it except my russian teachers
i don't even know
ÖÖÖÖÖ
Portugal is actually behind 8 post-socialist countries in terms of wage (PPP)
Also, as the sidewalks are very close to the buildings and most houses have gable roofs, icicles are easy to form and they are a constant threat in the winter especially in the old town
Jokes aside it's pretty comfortable
We only stopped it because people have too many summer cottages and raising and lowering the flag becomes too much of a hassle so that people might get negative feelings towards the flag.
No we don't. What an idiotic thing to claim
I absolutely love buckwheat(tatar in Estonian) and its most commonly served with minced meat sauce here
Life goes on as regular as people are used to it
Yeah, fuckers, besti got a moat, try to invade us now!
In Estonian it's the same though
Most of Netflix
Unless the person is a Homo Sovieticus type of person, which happens quite often though.
Lol, don't worry, the bad Finnish tourist stereotype doesn't reach much further than the harbour area and certain Tallinn Old Town pubs
They haven't turned, net neutrality has always been under fire in europe as well, people just don't pay attention
In turn, there is no point in setting up a term limit as their time in office is not relative to official terms anyway.
In situation when you don't have socks, right?
Congrats my southern neighbours,we had a shared struggle for independence and will be brothers forever
We can always tell the difference, but to actually locate and pinpoint where the dialect is from, is another issue, unless indeed, it's from very far north.
Trick is, never drink in the baltic states...
Most of the island doesn't allow anything higher to grow than junipers so most of the seashore looks like [this] It also has [one of the oldest working lighthouses in the world] [a military museum] and [a 2 km long narrow cape] plus several beautiful manors, churches and lighthouses.
Squirrel
Metsatöll - Vaid Vaprust
This might not apply to South-East Asia, but Kazakhstan and even Japan do seem familiar and surprisingly similar
only English should be fine, nearly everyone under 40 should speak it well.
Does somebody know the reason why it's more slippery to walk than it is to run?
Also all of the stores keep eggs on refrigerated shelves
The word resembles Pizdjets to me in style somehow
Yep, although I think this question entails modern countries
Tried to do the neccessary reforms
The other subbranches are a far more difficult story, although the Finnic languages are quite definitely very closely related.
But media gotta media I guess
No, Poland just happens to be one of the largest Eastern European countries and are the second largest group of immigrants in the UK
I guess im used to it
Lol, you haven't been paying attention to flags outside Europe
Yes, on paper, it is somewhat easy to do it
Almost everyone speaks english, exept the older, who at their time all learned russian.
Most sovereign states recognize it too.
Estonian also has the Instructive case (viisiütlev) like in Finnish
There is a long history going into this.
To be dismantled for helping Nazis in WW2.
I don't need something so unintelligent in my life.
Basement can be both 0 and -1
Don't you mean re-sold German cars that have been in an accident before that the new owner doesn't know about?
- Latvia: bus
So yeah we were kinda screwed either way
I only have a brother though, ironically :D
The huh
German humor is no laughing matter
At the same time, some of my friends casually drive 1500 km for a small trip and 200km on a daily basis
The problem is not generalizing a certain race/ethnicity/gender/whatever based on a stereotype - the problem is thinking a stereotype of a race/etc automatically applies to a random person of that race/etc.
Some Southern Estonian dialects like [Võro and Seto] could very well be considered separate languages and they often indeed are.
It all comes down to the companies registered in Warsaw, but making their income all over Poland.
Why need turkey when you can eat pork and chicken?
I would not turn my back at him in case of a real war.
Anywhere
Add to that 20% income tax and 20% vat tax on everything you buy (which makes many things cheaper to buy from american amazon or ebay, even with shipping costs)
The Estonian flag was adopted as the flag of the [Estonian Students Society] (or Corps "Vironia", not to be confused with [the modern organization] in 1881.
I mean Poland is making abortions illegal even when woman is raped, so I'm pretty sure that unfortunately same sex marriage won't be legal there any time soon
You surrendering is mostly meme, just like that "Polish used cavalry to storm German panzerkorps"
Two major points that make text->speech problematic
I was thinking of the roads I saw in Masuria actually indeed when I said it
I'm curious about your viewpoint and not in a superiority complex sort of way - have you ever been to anywhere besides North America?
But you made it sound like we actually have guns on the streets
Western sanctions do very little.
I find it extremely ironic how all those far-right parties constantly fight against feminism and favouring women and then they do this: " It has also voted to lower the retirement age from 67 to 60 for women and 65 for men — a bill that Duda signed into law earlier Monday."
I'm not leaving due to the economic situation of my country, but I do plan on working abroad for a few years just for the experience
Come on, our rivers are far too small for that.
Eh I was arguing that it's not insignificant either in foreign affairs.
Many people have the desire for superiority and conflicts until they end up in the war zone themselves.
And the Russian strategy of ignoring the "irrelevant" players and playing directly with the big boys is also against the EU interests
It was a bit awkward explaining to him that is where essentially where I am from
As it is with most "beauty" I think
A tragedy
Would solve overpopulation, more resources
agreed to) pay into EFSF although Greek living standard at least back then was remarkably higher than that of our own.
Tõde ja õigus (Truth and Justice)
Either Tallinn Old Town, the old suburbs in Central Tallinn like Kadriorg or Tallinn seaside suburbs in Viimsi and Harku parishes.
We use a lot of double vowels which for some makes our language sound stretched out, like baby talk
So border ambiguity and economic importance.
But-but YOU ARE FINNISH
I don't think many Estonians consider them anything but recent immigrants.
Estonia monoculturalism is "shining" through tough, then again out of these groups we probably only have Jews so the unknown is uncomfortable
Lot of interesting and weird people, and a lot of things to do, (a bit too hot and housing prices are mental.)As Im from a small town (basically a glorifyed village) big city life is much more interesting.
Russian - Абрикос (abrikos)
I don't understand how it's acceptable in liberal democracies
It hit 22 degrees today when the prediction was way below 20 and I’m wearing an autumn coat
The thing is, it is not some official policy or something that the state actively supports.
In YouTube it has around 150k views while there are plenty of Estonian songs that have around 3M views.
Holodomor was ideologically aimed towards rooting out Ukrainians as such.
We went the road as to nullify the illegal occupation and therefore Russian has no place in our countries as an official language.
Leaving your country is a human right.
It is absolutely infuriating when alt-right and other dumbasses like him compare the EU with the Soviet Union.
Edit: formatting
Does it even have one in that sense?
(3) It is prohibited to carry weapons and ammunition: 1) under the influence of alcohol, narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances or psychotoxic substances; 2) at a meeting, demonstration, picketing, celebration and other public events, except for a person performing official or work duties at the specified public events
Yeah, call him chinggis khaan or temüjin
Are for example public lectures explaining evolution and addressing creationist talking points just propaganda that we should be above of?
It's a bit different than a wide government including a populist party.
Well fine, the cursing part may be off, but which ones were also incorrect?
Yeah well if 2/4 were not ethnically Baltic then it made sense not to connect it with language/ethnicity, but now Estonia is the only exception and calling them Baltic and including Estonia is just weird.
If disaster strikes, they won't be any more safe in the US, at least not in the long run.
If it is cultural traditions we are Northern Europe (Lutheran religion, traditions, historic ties etc
The last attempt to sign a border treaty ended with the Estonian Parliament adding a preamble that mentioned the original border treaty, which included the Soviet-era change of the [previous] legal border.
Well they already won't return [parts of it]
> apparently it was fresh enough to be drinkable back then
It's got such a pleasant color palette and quite easy on the eyes.
30% men smoke, 20% of women smoke
To be fair, the Tories had allies in the likes of "Liberal Unionists" and other parties, who ultimately joined the Tories or just dispersed.
The general choir is 30,000 strong, [one of] the biggest in the world.
I'm curious as to what those "social activities" are.
Tip of the day: don't force people to learn gibberish languages like russian
As an Estonian I read it as
huh, that's quite a weird time period for that, but stupidity is eternal so I guess.
The 12th century is the high medieval period
Not to mention, perhaps the biggest murderer of Slavs, but whatever.
Do you want us to sack Sigtuna again?
*ATV* and *jeti* are the most common names in Estonian.
You don't have to drive that far for that, so you can do it in most of Northern Europe ;)
Something that makes locals giggle perhaps?
Also wouldn't it be against European Convention on Nationality?
>do you think it would be embarrassing for the anti-independence movement if they won by just a slim majority
Yeah, we have that as well
Same thing happened in Sicily, Palermo
It's rather normal and even helps to counter problems.
They have absolutely no clue about the situation in Europe.
problem
I’ve always felt we’re more central or northern than eastern european
Because we lack renewable energy sources and we have an abundance of very cheap alternative?
If they are literally using age-old Kremlin rhetoric, then what else is there to say
In Estonia there is also the Fifth Estate, the Heritage Society, which basically has the final say on every construction in the country if its within these protection zones.
No, it *used* to be thicc in all the right places
I was poisoned there once so I don't go there at all
And then there is Positivus festival, it was extremely popular when it first started
Well we have Tetra-Paks too, but I think bags are more popular.
So, yes
What markets do here for example is sell expired food at a discount price.
:) Next up there's going to be a statistics graph based on each lofi submission
Isn't it also dangerous to just wander around in deserted areas in ex-yugoslavian countries due to all the land-mines left from war times
75% with Clinton, mostly on education, science, healthcare, social and foreign policy.
Unless I am outside for a long time, yes I do
I actually second-guessed if I should erase that part as I had finished (didn't realise it while writing) and I should have listened to that impulse
1 for recently emancipated former serfs
Every local was asked if they knew who it was and nobody recognized the man
You can find plenty of your kind in Russia and the Middle East.
Not everyone has as good access to renewable energy sources as Norway, Denmark, or the Netherlands.
As long as I can go to the beach I honestly don't care how the corona goes
That doesn't sounds like a safe place to live to me
I didn't blame the Soviets, I blamed the natural conditions *and* historical circumstances
Where exactly does the money go?
Really
Not really
But no, all the said was "it's good for us and you're ignorant if you think otherwise".
I mean, that's how new foods are born - you try different ingredients together...
You couldn't vote against either, which was a real bummer.
Putin does, and unfortunately it's all that is needed for Lukashenko to hold his power
So France had nothing to do with this?
Hasn't snowed since the weekend, almost all of the snow gone now.
We need to take historical context into account
For Estonians, basic Finnish pronunciation is easy.
My program only accomodates for Latvia and Turkey
Tells you a lot about their "friendly" and "mutual respect" based foreign policy
Oh god, I knew this would happen one day!
Well, my best friends father bought supplies for 3 months, for a very good reason see, he has a chronic lung problems and if he caught corona, he would die
Half of it applies to Estonia as well
[Curd snacks] ([inside] are extremely popular in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Travelling on train takes much longer time than plane (difference can be up to 10x if traveling from one side of Europe to other), some parts of EU are outright cut from others in terms of railway system (only option for Baltic countries and Finland to travel anywhere far enough are by plane)
For us, it's always been Finland
I do wonder why they all copy each other and claim that Scandinavians controlled Estonian islands before the Livonian Crusades...
Gone/lost forever
The capital city "Tallinn" was named when Denmark used to rule Estonia
>Culturally
Even Narva has a proper station now
However Putin did [pose as a German] once.
One is a more urban and the other is a more rural place
Don't bother, they will call you an edgy teenager and think they're on the right side of history...
You're just ignoring my arguments and throwing in meaningless, ambigious statements like "British electoral system".
A segment of Tallinn-Pärnu railway between Lelle-Pärnu has been closed in 2018 for indefinite time
It was a lucky time to protest and show the areas unity
Russia has 0 reasons to invade Baltic countries.
It is caricature
An off the mill beer costs 1-1,30 in a shop, while a price of 3€ in a bar would be considered fair
Greeting each-other in the apartment building has even survived in the Soviet blocks
13-15- Estonia
Yup, most of November to March it is still dark when you go to work/school and already dark when you go back home
He called Estonia a "suburb of St.
Right now we use the red poppy alongside a motto/slogan stating "Never again". I personally think it's a neat new tradition as it focuses on remembering the dead instead of glorifying death and suffering
Found an [online pronunciation]üdruk/).
Ihan kiva, että muutama virolainen on Suomessa kuuluisa.
Russians came in significant numbers right after the annexation by the Russian Empire in the 19th century
Anything like beer is from 18
Interesting fact: in Russian it is the same - Дания (Danija)
government
South Estonian is thought to be the first to branch off from Proto-Finnic
What is the difference between an adposition and an adverb then?
I get that, but it still means that the federal government deals in three languages, right?
yo what the fuck
I've heard American news reporters say something like "day 1182 of the X administration, 202 days until the elections" from the political left and the right, like it's some sorta punishment
I am so relieved and so happy
Somehow I think Estonia is in even worse situation.
Rather "conservative", i.e changing slowly.
Russia when drunk
I though everyone knew he was probably the worst ever colonizer, and his actions shocked even people living in his age
Like 5 years ago it was such a thick snow and like -30C but we'll gotta see this year
I'm not sure whether a Hungarian Phrasebook would insult the locals more or less in Bucharest.
Tall female, skinnier type of athletic, blonde, [long bob cut] and hiking
i hope i managed to explain it well enough for you to understand
Portugal and Italy definately need their own Macron to cut spending and state sector
Most of those who are old enough to have grown up in the USSR can speak Russian to some extent, younger people generally don't (aside from the ones who are Russian themselves, of course)
Dont worry, you will catch up soon enough.
Do majority of Germans miss that they didn't get to keep all that Lebensraum they once had.
By the response I got there's plenty of people in Estonia who prefer the name Estland and would support changing it in English
We honestly wouldn't be there without the very open and always helpful Finnish and Swedish markets nearby
Yes, but you can hardly count centuries of serfdom as "an event".
It's just too cringy, I can barely take it...
Yeah, same here, except it's only the far-far-right that is against it.
"Lohe" is a bit more archaic, although definitely still in use
Indeed, just don't leave it on the very last minutes, the cashiers won't appreciate that!
Whatever happened to British people sarcastically hating 'krauts' and 'frog-eaters' out of spite and jealousy, and just for the fun of rivalry and not routed in actual xenophobia
I don't think many people are surprised that Russian state controlled TV is full of lunatics
Love those height lines on the ID-card, could they be of some real place in Slovenia?
So I guess structure > building as the [Tallinn TV Tower] is 318 m with antenna and the tower roof is slightly more than 175 m (couldn't find the exact height).
(Edit - from Russian Estonian to Estonian Russian
Pc has some awesome artwork and my phone has a slightly nsfw picture of my gf
You showed him, he will certainly change his mind now
It's local for "river horse" or "Nile horse" in many languages.
And the nature has it no better at all
We can relate
My friend grew up in Trondheim and said that many locals never go more north than a 100 km...
Oh, sure, I did misunderstand a little.
Either they have very decisive evidence that it was an incorrect man or they are extremely stupid and may have let go of the correct suspect.
And we are all for it - but miracles don't happen overnight if you don't have the natural resources.
so we just tend to imagine they’re probably similar to Russia
We can't compare the situation to the "peaceful" Gaddafi era - that era was gone when the civil war started.
Nobody in Estonia has ever claimed we are Scandinavian.
A potato salad should be made with sour cream
There can sometimes be long waiting that others have mentioned, but this has less to do with free healthcare and more to do with lack of doctors
Harry Potter and other such fiction books are entertainment just like movies and games
Tbh it's hard to pick just a few, we have a lot of well known patriotic songs
Haven’t noticed them in other European countries I’ve traveled to either
Hey a couple of cool battles happened in that era.
Russians consider this a normality
Who goes clubbing just till 2am
Estonia even with its Russian minority included has the most elderly Internet users among them though.
I don't think other schools do this, may be unique to our school
Ironically, people will probably still vote for populists because the establishment doesn't want to change even under the pressure.
I'm actually a bit more optimistic about "Europe is going childless" simply because the welfare state is mostly shrinking or isn't growing that much.
But this former [Minister of Finance] showed some class
Not to mention your national aesthetic sense would make Liberace blush.
/r/SweatyPalms/ it is too tall
There is nothing radical about its taste - it's just meat in jelly and the jelly doesn't really taste like anything...
Im glad I went and saw both but in the end it's just a bunch of rocks.
But why even think the ship style was endemic to Scandinavia??
Yet you can find 30k choirs in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania ;)
* Dental services are not covered by public healthcare (apart from 40 eur yearly deduction)
Because the Estonian SS units did not participate in any exterminations, this is [a historical fact]
You think Germany and France ought to be different nations because their DNA is different?
We are referring to age not independence, vennas
Allowed the Soviets to establish bases in the country to avoid bloodshed and confrontation, trusted the Soviets to not interfere in Estonian internal affairs
Finnish doesn't really have a single word for every meaning of "please", but they often use the English word in qolloquial speech.
More of a misconception than a stereotype, but whatever- That we're Slavs or Balts
First we need proper train infrastructure
No, it's actually super easy, barely an inconvenience
Actually I wouldn't even mention this in a general context because this is so basic and so normal and it's difficult to imagine that things are so different in most other countries.
Mainly, none of the three interests me with their language of culture
They have the right of self-determination to be independent, but not join another country, even after becoming "independent".
And that means both Nazis and Commies are scum and neocons are the good guys, who should be listened
You have been repeatedly shown wrong in this and yet you keep repeating your bullshit.
Just has this really nice vibe for me
Usually young Russian females have something that shows off their pretty figure way more, like extra skinny blue jeans that have some sparkle on them or really short dresses - both of them go with extra high heels
Have you tried having less trains
My 11 months of mandatory military service starts in July.
Nazis: Let's invade Western Poland
Please don't throw things at me, fellow Swedes, but I would say the feeling is mutual
It was fun, but we had to be in teams and it could get kinda annoying sometimes, especially if you know a bit more about cooking than your teammates
Doesnt really change xd, at least this sentence
'Türa küll' is pretty much 'for fucks sake', 'tra sa teed' is 'what the fuck are you doing' etc
Many people will give in to not make up a scene, especially if the amout of money is small
I'm 30 btw
The new ruling coalition, comprised of the Independence Party, the Reform Party and Bright Future.
There are of course many different carton sizes available: [0.33 L] [0.5 L] [1 L] and [1.5 L]
Kinda true
I first heard it watching clips of rally crashes
Being able to look at the sea from my bedroom window, I always long for the sea if I'm away from it for a longer time period.
Think of it as artificial sweating without the smell
View of [Tallinn Old Town] in winter.
Well then the names would be Heino, Endel, Ülo, Aino, Linda, Laine
You put sour cream on sauerkraut
Right now Sweden has 10 million people, 600.000+ of them are muslims.
Partido Popular seems pretty right-wing to me with their restrictions to abortion, not even close to Sanders?
For those you need to pass a medical exam, get first aid training and pay the fees
He was pretty expensive to take care of but he was free to look at
That's like a huge faux pas in Estonia.
They couldn't hold out as the last of the Mohicans, for sure, but they still have influence on the issue
There's also many other days that are the so-called "flag days", but these are the only mandatory ones I believe
[For bonus]
Having said that, the 1km road in Normandy cost €5 million (£4.3m) to build.
Mehis - comes from manly (mehine)..?
That story is pretty much identical to the legend of the Latvian flag.
I a high probability of this happening unless there are serios repurcussions for not actually using the funds to help the economy.
have you any idea what Russia went through in the 20th century?
You might understand it as a joke, but honestly the pic describes it perfectly
Well, yeah, but swearing is just really common, from what I've seen.
/Uses it incorrectly and claims it's uncomfortable.../
I studied French for a short while, but don't remember anything.
It's mainly only for political reasons; when one needs to be anti-EU, big projects will be condemned as "a return to 700 years of slavery under Germans".
government
Northern Ireland's accent is a very different thing.
The soviet-era architecture is the main thing that's bugging me.
It was -22, so I had to put on an extra layer
The extreme peace and cooperation
I heard it's a pretty cool place
Could you not, many thanks Europe
This means she's forever seen as an unloyal stagnant of the old guard whose voice will never matter in Latvia
Could you explain the British response to weather
Because Estonia isn't part of Scandinavia, just like Finland.
If anything it makes the sword worse.
now we are on our own, well it's Theresa who is to blame now
jesus christ every morning and evening a new poll thread..
I imagine someone without experience opening a milk bag sort of the same way :D
Well we might be better off our problems are that some schools still use blackboards instead of "smart" whiteboards, don't have projectors in classes, don't have enough of laptops/pc/tablets and so their lessons aren't so "interactive"...
And the capitals of Lithuania, Estonia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Portugal and Ireland are smaller than that with Latvia, Finland and Denmark having capitals that are only slightly bigger in terms of population
freelance thief work can also work out well for some people.
People find work in Tallinn, yet most Estonians dislike the city.
What the hell would they be doing so far north?
If NATO is obsolete, why is there still NATO?
Inflanty was of course just Southern Estonia.
Oh, I'm not hinting towards not allowing them to exist.
I haven’t seen any billboards like that in Estonia
And then there is the cultural drift, as countries become more and [more individualistic] including that family is less of a priority over work than it used to be and people are in a way more alone than ever
Sweden - Rootsi (from old-swedish: rods)
9 in Harjumaa
never been down there in the summer but went to Albania in February last year and it was T-shirt/hoodie weather for me.
That's the limit of reaching the bus before it closes doors again.
Yes, it literally went from zero to nuts in Russia and with Russians elsewhere.
Forest cover or land declared as forest
If you speak English then I really don't mind
There is a problem though - the men that still have arhaic cultural views there, but hold all the power, will not be silent about this and just let it happen, and from what I read the Afghani government hasn't been that much more progressive compared to the Taliban.
hehe 110 in estonia
>Socially
And you are really exaggerating with the word "parade" here
Eesti
have different meaning depending from pronunciation
A "global man" is a term used by insecure people with no achievements in life.
It is European, but politically and historically it has been very distant.
Seems that this day and age is somehow fostering radicalism, no heed of the ideology behind it.
my mom introduced me to toast with cream cheese and strawberey jam, which is pretty damn delicious
Same in Estonian, we use both words together if we want to say "siblings", we say "brothers and sisters" (*vennad ja õed*) in nominative, but because the sound of the expression is better when they are switched in some grammatical cases, for example "do you have any sisters-brothers?" (*kas sul õdesid-vendasid on?*)
(Estonian)
I take public transport when I need to go to the city centre, or when I plan on getting drunk somewhere :D
&#x200B;
Well they are similar in the sense that they are related, but they are very distantly related.
Nothing is completely clear, but conventional understanding still concludes that there is a Balto-Slavic group.
We say Peking in Estonian too
The houses can also have rather ridiculous floor plans due to their medieval nature
It always suprises me how you guys are so similar in so many ways
In Estonia atleast pretty much everyone eats at home, we only go out when it's a special occasion or when we are too tired to cook.
Exist in Estonian dialects as well, but for some reason the paternal ones have fallen out of use in Standard Estonian.
There's a lot for us to learn from Ireland, as well
ja nende maksud
mostly snapchat takes the bulk of it - stories.
but the accent and grammar are so bad that i didnt catch it, a friend randomly pointed it out to me months after i saw that episode
It's definitely being replaced by English as a second language among people under 30.
Winter time benefits for like two months out of the year absolutely do not cover for all the drawbacks throughout those five months
Sadly, they won't be much cool and peaceful when they die from Covid-19
For majority in eastern Europe travelling is luxury
I can't really think of a single European country that completely neglects its citizens.
Serbia might also somewhat fall into the list, though maybe I just know too little about it
It was warmer and a more reasonobly priced version of home.
Works for the entire northern half of Europe.
About schools i guess we learn about it from top to bottom which makes most of Estonian youth dislike Russia and communism
HEI WAIT
Yeah, I couldn't find the picture of the scaled down version but I've seen it
Definitely this colorful monstrosity
That's all I can think of right now
There are both sarcastic and gullible people on Reddit.
These incredibly-polluting oil shale plants were built to power up entire Estonia and even parts of St
Officially Estonia agrees to change the legal border (as Latvia already did).
Welcome to the party ladies and gentlemen, pleasure to have you all here
McCarthy wasn't after stupid teenagers.
Swinging is sort of a national pastime in Estonia with a long history.
That sentence: "drove up to Helsingborg for dinner" is such an American thing to say
Only three times
But to put it simply, Swedish-speaking Finns were already there when Republic of Finland came to be
A couple of centuries ago, Estonia (*Eesti*) was for Estonia, what Georgia is to Georgia.
After that the paradise was supposed to arrive
I dunno what that is
They have youtube videos of it
Now suddenly it is middle of summer
We really apreciate our freedom.
Regional GDP per capita does not show real results.
So there was the pantheon of Estonian gods, but also an influx of Norse gods, so it's rather difficult to explain the actual religious situation in Estonia during that time
Ok that Esthland sign has been used way too boldly.
First reaction was surreal and hard to believe it’s really happening, like one of the symbols of Europe burning
I'd say it's the third most Finnish thing after the sauna culture and going completely nuts whenever you win at hockey
Finland and Estonia yes, Estonia and Scandinavia no
Of course there are a lot of reddit users there as young men are the primary demographics of reddit users.
But I'm not really sure how effective it was
I would translate "me llamo" as "me I call" to account for the conjunction of the verb
Ruled only parts of Estonia during the Livonian War, but it was probably Ivan the Terrible.
If they find a corpse, they dump it in Ganges and be done with it.
The same articles get posted all the time
"Raiskama" means "to spend" in Estonian (like spend money)
Again, who says it's against Russian military activities?
Yes, but there is no realistic threat coming from "most European countries".
Was late
Not really
Nuking a country in modern ages is not something countries do lightly
and you're wrong as shit if you don't think putin has expansionary ambitions - have you already forgotten crimea?
And still it defines so much of our national identity
Unless it's a old building where windows haven't been changed these are the standard
It supposedly has some fans in foreign countries like Venezueala, which is very rare for Estonian shows.
I saw the same thing in Poland.
I think New Kids Turbo covered this pretty well
That was time window available.
If this shit happens, No law can stop the internet,
Estonia and Lithuania - [local variety of garlic bread]
&#x200B;
Mid-Soviet era apartment block from 1972, looks something like [this]
It is estimated to be around 300-400 from Tallinn to Berlin.
We also don't really use the word "Saint" before the name either, at least not in colloquial language.
Here's two more that fit your description really well.
Aitäh sulle (singular)
Have to admit, the french are far better in political maneuvers, centuries of games
2 years for a murder, are they serious?
>fucking up the planet
You do know who permenant members of the securety council are?
First: i think we got something similar with the dubs but it isn't always a single dude (sometimes there's 2 of 'em)
I hadn't noticed a specific pattern
Other places in the world with similar reputation include Sydney, Vancouver, Bay Area, Toronto, NYC
Ukrainian dialects have been largely homogenised over the last century with only a few odd words surviving in the areas outside of the west ukraine
They are cool but then again dangerous if you're not prepared
Technically Europe is a part of Asia
I mean, take the most basic universal example and see how much McDonald's foods differ abroad.
Mostly agree, I'd say 5 to 15 is nice and okay
So if an animal tripped over the wire, it would take a photo
I honestly don't know what a credit rating is.
Sweden- the history we share together
*sinimustvalge* - "blue-black-white"
now a fucking horsefly is a different story, those take a fucking bite out of you...
A little, but it's not mainstream and hopefully won't become mainstream either.
Nobody really advertises it under this name, it's just the colloquial name by Estonians for this burger
No, it's a period for us as well, but it was named so because of noticeable specific protests.
The airport is also very small, so everything will be quick and easy
Most indeed fled to Sweden or Germany in 1944 (about 7% of the entire population), got scared in Sweden after they deported some of them back to the USSR (an act for which Sweden officially apologized only in 1994) and wanted to leave Germany because of harsh poverty and started to leave to mainly Australia, the US and Canada, but also to Brazil, Venezuela and Argentina in about 1946.
People speaking the same language mostly have the same kind of accent when speaking another language.
During the 2nd world war Soviet Union also destroyed Narva and some parts of Tallinn's old town.
Some areas where Standard Estonian is spoken with different intention/accent, do not necessarily conform (islanders in particular), but they are easy enough to understand
Domestic legal persons are corporations that are treated as if they are persons.
We're a small country so it's difficult to hide big cases and they tend to come out
That's an interpretation invented during the Internet era, it's not historical, nor something official
It is **awesome**! We sometimes even do daytrips just like 100-200 km across the border (to see some new areas, buy some different products and just be in a different-language-speaking-area) and weekend getaways are very common both via car or plane (unfortunately, the railway system is not suitable for long-distance travel at my end of EU, but in the south they use it a lot)
Any conspiracy theories about that?
You usually won't break your skull on a Dutch granny's bike
Im reading about this event for the first time and for some reason the Dutch commentators don't seem very positive about it - what is the reason
The lines are ridiculous and if you have an urgent issue, an expensive private doctor is the only option.
She was there through my KGB-ation
And people here wonder why the anti-immigrant sentiment has risen?
Funny that only Russians outside Baltic states complain how local minorities are treated...
I would say TRAD
I mean they were basically victims of the pact between Hitler and Stalin
I checked and 2 items from top 20 are about Russia.
Again hydro, because hydro is the only on-demand renewable energy
I have a need to call out unintelligent people and bash biases.
And the bigger cohorts born in 1988-1992 that have graduated by now are basically collectively on maternal leave
It makes up roughly 7-8% of power production, but there's much more potential to that
The Russian Old Believers came here centuries ago.
Most indigenous Algerians -- with the exception of Jews and Berbers -- were not usually granted citizenship by the French government.
They also say "sorry" in a weird way
He saved many lives
Showing the "% who believe in god" alone is possible however.
Most popular among teens and young adults and metalheads of all ages, also among hippies and in art/culture scene
Any known scenarios of what would happen to Greece should it leave the Eurozone?
I mean, we aren't specifically talking of food portions, are we?
I'm all for better relations but these good relations should not include intimidation and bullying.
rape
Alright
Maybe there is a bit less snow in December, but overall winters haven't changed much
It's rather the "adopt legislation" that is important.
>allowing his passenger to leave his car while stopped without police approval
In Estonia, midsummer is also something to experience, it's like second largest celebrated holiday after Christmas.
Estonia has probably among the lowest proportion of non-Europeans - 0.9%, if Caucasians (the real Caucasians, not white people) are included among the non-Europeans.
Germany: we share a lot of history and had Germans living her for generations right up until the WW2 (our middle ages are pretty much called German period)
If the languages are not related, then they don't sound similar!
Well they really are the worst of the Finns :D
Any time before year 1000
Yandex has an alternative for pretty much every online service you could think of
It is too weird to experience this situation in Tallinn as well as the rest of Northern and Eastern Europe in January
Nice to see, that we aren't forgotten lol
Et tu, just as equally Finnic person?
"It has never been like this and it is the same again" is my favourite phrase in Russian
It was always mixed with paganism, which the foreign nobility and clergy overlooked for their own convenience
How are church names dedicated to saints written in your language?
It seems like Estonians like to make fun of people their not being able to pronounce õ
If you are willing to try our [head cheese] then I am willing to try the octopus ;)
Uhm, isn't net average wage in Lithuania almost 900/m?
Absence of it can also make a language beautiful, it adds richness to it.
May I ask how we made the list ?
North and south is an issue, east and west is not as it's rather based on ethnicity and the main population centers are in north and south.
But can you name some cities, I just want to see what such a street looks like.
At least Kopli is getting better and fast
Also, we have a village called Litsmetsa which literally means "slut's forest".
Aksually, guy keeps getting bigger and when I first watched him I thought he's American because of his accent lol
Not for anymore, because communism
Canada is an immigrant country.
I really think there aren't any.
Recently, Venezuela and maybe some of them
I’m here cracking my brain - do we even have any original desserts
The one from the life of Brian
Baltics should never have been admitted let alone finland
I live in Tallinn and about 3/4 of my life I've lived in majority Russian districts and neighborhoods (I am not from a particularly rich family, rather lower middle class).
There are both municipal towns and towns that are part of (or really the central part of) a larger municipality, a parish.
Practically though it became a shit show
Most of the building next to the airport had cracks in them because of all the vibration
Remove counter strike and put "attempting to" after remember and change planting to plant
Your natural time is waking up 5
Neither do I.
Latvian generally doesn't have words ending in **-as** (except in some grammatical cases iirc).
Super useful, especially that you have 3 seperate systems to authenticate yourself so you don't even need to use the card physically
Learn finnish and everything is possible.
5th column traitors paid by state department who need to be purged.
Excessive military spending was a big part why Soviet Union collapsed
we'll see about that Latvia thing later
&#x200B;
I would have been slave
"These matches cost 15 cents, why not pay with card" - everyone in Estonia.
There is nothing to be proud of.
You can walk around at night casually in both places and nothing will happen
It's the result of 30 years of people having 3 choices
If he has a hand over your shoulder he has 2 0
Btw, Estonia and Latvia have loads of songs based on German student and folk songs, as the Estonian and Latvian student organization system and culture derives from the Baltic German one, which itself derived from German student organizations.
How do you integrate a homophobic, mysogynyst Muslim into a gay-friendly, gender equality society without changing either one of the other???
The most frequent comment used to be ''kaksteist kuut' from Erasmus students
The point is that if the refugees/immigrants knew that getting on the boat wouldn't automatically get them to EU, then you wouldn't have tens of thousands of them in the first place.
You deny that
Russian-occupied Estonian territory
You support the criminals in the fucking SS.
Old Estonian looks like Welsh, Polish and German mixed into one
Well we certainly are Finnic, just like Finland and some tribes in Western Russia
Being a monarch is a 24/7 job with very little privacy as you're constantly in the public eye
20 minutes by bus
It seems like Estonians like to make fun of people their not being able to pronounce õ
Surprisingly, it is Germans for Estonia.
Sadly way too often
What dialect of your language do you speak and how does it differ from the standard language?
What I meant is that Oeselians (a term we don't even use in Estonia) were Estonian raiders from Saaremaa, not Scandinavian raiders.
And only 10 years later, Estonian peasants would revolt against the Baltic German rule during the "[Mahtra War]".
I heard  once that during the Tartu peace treaty signing, Soviet officials watched a military march, what they didn't know was that the Estonians let soldiers march multiple times so the Estonian army looked many times larger than it actually was
* [Flag of the Russian Saint George Ribbon]
I think the hysteria that keeps getting fueled over that agreement really serves no purpose other than to mobilize voters of Center Party's opponents.
Yet Estonian does distinguish between them:
Estonia currently has a centre-left government.
They are really not, they are rather well integrated.
Commuting doesn't affect it that much.
Not sure if it's an oddity as such buuut really like how Swedish has a very sensible collection of words for your grandparents that instantly communicate which side the grandparent your talking about is from.
I just don't want to hear the "Eastern Europeans are coming to take our jobs" talk.
In Denmark it's relatively common to have two first names and two surnames (judging from my Danish acquaintances at least)
Why do you think they are uncomfortable?
That's where most of us also draw the line
Obviously not literally golden.
Haha, sometimes it's the other way round
But why use it in such a context?
Even the bloody Finns do this - you read about some "Estonian criminals" getting caught in Finland and all of their names end up being Andreis, Ivans and Jevgenis.
You never used it as a national flag since the beginning of the 20th century, but only as a state flag (which is a secondary category)
Found only on [Estonian language Wikipedia]
I mean, there are times when I think something they do is "typical" of Russia.
Estonians, especially Saaremaa islanders, were known raiders and also pillaged Scandinavia at times
Estonians and Finns are the related ethnicities and Latvians and Lithuanians are the other related ethnicities with the two groups not being related
Europeans whose language is written in a non-Latin script, would you support the adoption of the Latin alphabet?
I don't see me saying anything about deportations, excuse me?
Stupidity doesn't make concepts!
The best thing we have ever exported!
I'm pretty sure you can't discriminate EU citizens vs.
Most Germanic influences in Estonian have come through Baltic German, which itself comes mostly from Low German.
A common deposit system for bottles/cans would be nice
or just drop the "saint" part like we do with *Peterburi* :)
Same here in Estonia
Chessily
In few years when Tallinn-Tartu rail is electrified and Elron buys more electric trains it will be cut to around 1h 30min
I feel like there is a similar element of melancholy in our cultures and it would be interesting to meet more often
the flag, and then Brussels for the political importance
Medicine asks for a national exam in Estonian and  in addition to this you need either national Maths exam or take an entrance exam in Biology or Chemistry
So most of my closer relatives live within 200 km.
"Covert racists, overt racists, not actually independent"
Flights to cool places in Europe though are short and you can go to Latvia for cheap booze
Estonians say "pärapõrgu" which means something like behind the hell and sometimes even "karuperse" which means a bear's' ass
After the war there was also a plague and before the war there had been a famine, so there are stories of people starting to cry of happiness when they saw human footprints in the snow.
Not saying this is easy and that there won't be mistakes, just at least don't call out the person, who points out the actual mistakes.
Sharing is caring
Welcome to City 17
Holy shit, that was four days before his execution?
Or maybe South Pole, they say there's a nice chilly weather out there
>bank bailouts
talu/talo: est
However considering he wasn't actually in power alone, nor for that long, we shouldn't count him as being any worse than Lenin or Stalin.
Later on as the authoritarian regime lasted longer than initially intended, he indeed protested against it, yet relatively unsuccessfully as the regime only "semi-ended" for the years 1938-1940.
>then parts of the countries are per definition ethnically related
Yeah well, it goes very political.
No kidding, now I see news that it has started.
This is either the best or the worst thing to ever come out of Estonia.
I'm quite sure Hitler also justified his actions to a certain, personal degree...
Some [Southern Estonian dialects] like Võro and Seto are almost if not totally unintelligible for a Standard Estonian speaker as well.
Bad memories
Happy cake day
i've got into many unnecessary arguments on discord because american people misunderstand the meaning of what i say
I like Tallinn's climate more for that reason, but as I was away from here for seven years, I truly forgot how windy it was here, I am still getting used to it again.
There is no war or violence in Senegal and it seems a safe country.
Realistically golden age as in "best time to live in our country in all of our history" is right now
Yes, Russia is not rich and yes, the living standards are different, but there is a lot to see (it is BIG) and it's not unsafe
If majority of voters reject this kind of proposals, there is a reason for that
You can either have two first names and a surname or one first name and two surnames
Maybe we're all living in a simulation which started June 23rd 2016
To those who are "from backwards-stubborn-against-change-and-progress countries with shit education" and hold the views typical of people from these countries:
Secular homophobia (the kind we have here) really blows my mind.
>. This in turn has more to do with socio-demographic changes
Maybe theres a slight difference in recipe as well, I only have made kotlet myself, so not sure.
I can't believe people sometimes.
we were taught the same
On a bigger scale, I think Tallinn and Estonia in general for tourists is still underrated, despite seeing a lot of tourists already.
They can consider whatever they want, it does not change the fact that they were Soviet republics.
For what year is this map made
Latvia
What we have, is that you can get a weapon
So wholesome
I obtained a C1 certificate in school after 11 years of study.
Thy also both have their very own ballet style
Ülemiste and Kristiine keskus makes it two I know about
Trump only talks, Putin orders assassinations in the EU
But pie birds - no, never seen them before
Must be the [Toompea Castle] in Tallinn, currently housing the Parliament of Estonia
Never liked raw meat and I am more of a cat person than dog person
Going abroad to study or work is very common.
It's all confusing to say the least
They were the greatest power in Europe during the Middle-Ages, yet when we think of this time period, we think of Britain, France, the Vikings and Saxons, which were basically little petty kingdoms compared to Hungary
**Snatch.**, one of my all time favourites
The fact that such a big share of the population of Estonia lives in [ugly] apartment blocs.
I.e not having nice hiking socks and underwear doesn't stop you from hiking, but if you do it often enough you perhaps want to have a better time.
Traveling itself is not that expensive, while accommodation and eating in restaurants definitely is
Your nationalism should be slowly going down rather than up at this point.
Rimantadine only works if it's taken within 2 days after acquiring the infection, and even then it's not very effective.
It was not
I could have sworn I saw them claim that, it could have been on TV, so I can't find it right now.
We certainly have problems and I agree we need to cut immigration.
So he went to meet with the other salesmen and some important people to make some deals and talk about expanding the sales to other baltic countries
We need another Ice Age so Europe would be bigger
that doesn't seem to be too related over here, it was shit cold over here for at least one of these winters and it didn't seem to change anything
Ee sounds like the Dutch Twin of [Aa] :)
Same here in Estonia
sucks being anyone below Germany and France on that list
Now you can look up the numbers and see how absolutely insignificant these bases are.
What is this non politically correct?
First time is the beginning of the cooldown, second time on the table is the end and the third is how much they have left to wait
You had to bribe the doctors to get treated.
This certainly completely excuses hundreds of thousands in Baltics...
And don't act offended if things in the country you're visiting work differently from your home country
Even for me the Estonian pronunciation is weird in English.
Kremlin was a standard defensive structure for all Russian medieval towns
Officially the colours don't represent anything and the supposed symbolism was invented later
About Bahceli dying...I've read this fascinatingly pessimistic argument in one article about Putin that applies here as well - "if anyone is optimistic because of his old age I can only suggest looking up the birth year of the current president of Zimbabwe"
Are there people really that ignorant how dictatorships work?
Never heard of it in Estonia
No, I thought they at least have learned about them.
That says a lot more about the Soviet Union than it does of Eastern Europe, though.
Or is it more mismanagement and health and safety bs
Everywhere that isn't Tartu, Tallin, Pärnu or Võru really
is there like a template for these kind of info cards/pictures
Head cheese is also common throughout the entire North-Eastern Europe and it's delicious!
Yep
Samsung Galaxy seems to be extremely popular here.
For better or for worse they do seem to get very different treatment to other people
That is also what Russia wants and they have mutually beneficial relationship.
I only know the unofficial [anthem of Hiiumaa Island] sung to the tune of the anthem of Estonia (and Finland and the Livonians).
1) you're not the person I was talking to in the first place, so there really isn't any point in the passive aggressive smiley faces
No it didn't. It lead to misery and lost opportunities as did socialism everywhere
Time when colonialism was acceptable
We might have our main lines covered from Tallinn, but for further destinations, we need to take connecting flights anyways, and sometimes it's not faster to change flights mid way, but to just go through Helsinki or Riga
Average gross salary in Tallinn is about 1,100€, although the average gross salary for legal workers (non-lawyers, -judges etc) in Estonia is around 1,300€.
I wish all good luck as it won't be a peaceful fight, I just hope there won't be any physical involvement from the east
But besides the Singing Revolution, it could be that it was the 1st song festival in 1869, if we are talking about forming the national identity altogether, as it was during the Estonian National Awakening
Toomas Hendrik Ilves, our 4th president, was born in Sweden, grew up in New Jersey, then later moved to Canada and then Germany
This is thought police in action
Neutrality didn't work out during WW2 for Estonia so we 110% about alliances now.
I did some good orienteering at 6 AM.
You believe in magical things that have zero evidence to support them and you say it's ridiculous that I call it unintelligent?
And I took that personally
And we were about 12-16 when we had that subject
Some versions of it are almost identical to Mämmi.
But the same people who'll push this agenda will be the same people to fly Waffen-SS flags at rallies (the 20
26 vs 100 000 - which one is more serious?
But we still might see those who voted against Article 50 later in parliament again.
Sonny is a dog’s name where I’m from
Usually it's just *poiss/tüdruk* ("boy/girl"), but girls have other names for boyfriends like *peika* (short from *peigmees* - "groom") or *kutt* ("bloke").
What reasons exactly make it a joke for you?
Condemn first, prove later - what's so difficult to get?
Estonians had very little contact with the Roman Empire - the Amber Road started from far south from us.
The one orchestrated after Russian invasion?
"Full independence" was restored for all three only after the August coup.
Some answered probably thinking just the situation of there not being many would make it an uncomfortable relationship
No, that figure specifically included only investments outside mandatory pension plans
What don't we get in your mind??
I thought the most famous one for the brits was where Churchill does the peace sign
When somebody is working (especially manual labor, say raking trees in the garden) and you walk past them, you say "strength
Indeed, but surviving the whole summer there, no thanks..
Russia and the Baltics, meanwhile, I don't think needs much commenting
I lived in that house for a short while
Getting wasted on these ferries has become part of the culture of both countries
The revolution ousted the [democratically elected] government that went against the will of the majority of the people.
NOT
Ma ei ole treenitud ainult käsivõitluses, vaid mul on ligipääs kõigile Kaitseväes kasutatavatele relvadele, ja ma kasutan seda selleks, et su armetu keha siit maamunalt minema pühkida, kuradi väike värdjas.
“Minuga ei maksa norida” is the harder part
Kohuke- Sweetened curd cheese (sometimes with additional items like jam or chocolate inside) covered in a thin layer of chocolate
A huge percentage of "Estonian criminals" also tend to have names more common to our east...
Black bread is still strong in our cultures, of course now with better ingredients.
I ment the Riisipere-Haapsalu segment specifically
And if you have four EU members throwing sticks to the spokes of cooperation with Russia all the time, the truth is, it will be difficult for the Kremlin to achieve anything meaningful
This seems like such a big issue, like how is it even possible in EU
Who the heck forgets the other Macedonians in history writing?
Also for Finns as they can't often fathom the fact that Estonian doesn't have vowel harmony and vowels can occur in any random order, like in *Jüriöö ülestõus* or *õueaia*.
Again, different alphabets and different vocabulary doesn't mean they aren't genetically related.
English, despite pretty much every programming class I've taken teaching otherwise
I don't hate Russians
And basically wherever Russian soldiers have stepped is forever rightfully theirs as well.
My favourite puzzle game
Cars start making sad noises below 20, but they almost always work too
Russia is poor and miserable, they have nothing to offer to Trump that he does not already have.
In Estonia we skimmed it, not too much but we talked about it
Can I get into Nordic
Should be fairly simple to pronounce
We shouldn't change county borders!
The capital city "Tallinn" was named when Denmark used to rule Estonia
It's an urban myth, but during the Soviet occupation there was a local newspaper in the town of Tapa, called *Tapa Kommunist*, meaning the "Communist of Tapa", but it also meant "Kill a Communist".
I'm surprised someone asks this every time
For the most part, no, except for Russian monarchs whose names are usually written as the Estonian equivalent when one exists, instead of a direct transliteration (eg
how the handwriting for people is different
While that's commonly billed as flip-flopping, I like that as a quality.
It might sound a bit naive, but all other alternatives ultimately lead to these shaky boats full of migrants.
Oh my, you really made me miss tiny travelling like that
Just because you read youth literature doesn't mean you're somehow smart
donald dumbbb hahhahahahahha
You do understand that a revolution can be democratic or can you really not fathom that much?
Literally the quickest solution in the world.
The EU does not have a good environment for starting business that are web-oriented
Just as long as they are actual refugees.
What a shame
Happy national day cousins
At least Romanian can do it in Teslas now, since they opened orders over there:
Violating personal space
No they are pretty stable economically, a lot more stable than Southern European countries.
ahahaha Latvia is brown, not even mad that we are small, because Latvia is brown :D
In recent years, I have seen some prep-for-entrance exams courses, one was for an art school and one was for Medicine
Our long-time head of government and first president [Koństantin Päts]äts) is still very controversial and the nation is sort of divided regardless of age groups.
We all know at least one our grandparents votes for them.
By law being homeless was a crime so they were either sent to prison or often just dropped at 101st km from major towns.
- *jalga laskma* - "to shoot [one's] leg", meaning "to leave";
But why are you bringing social democracy into this
And they'll turn this around in another 5 years.
I stated an example and I want to see proof from you then, not abstract words.
Oh it must be [Lembit] it was the name of the [ancient Estonian elder] and [one of the oldest surviving submarines] of the world.
As if the Big Ben or Colosseum was up in flames
After Estonia split from the Soviet Union there were about 400
Kuuuurija (moon ivestigator)
Well it is pretty dirty
Estonia and Latvia, yeah
State-enforced secularism sounds just as bad as state-enforced [pick your religion].
The fact that you are absolutely not funny, is quite funny :)
Well, it´s completely the same in Estonia which is 2nd in this list, so I don´t think this is the case.
You still control areas that are not indigenous Russian areas.
I went swimming in the sea yesterday, it was okay
After bases were allowed the Soviet Union invaded anyway and now from a very advantageous position as they already had their troops inside the country.
Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon, Wallis-et-Futuna, Nouvelle-Calédonie
The problem with reform party isn't that they haven't done good work, the problem is that they're gone lazy and arrogant in last years.
Free media is a for-profit institution and censorship is bad for business.
For almost all young Russians it is the second or third language
During the Cold War there was 350,000 American solders alone at the border where Kremlin power ended.
Pretty much everything works as long as possible because customers keep coming
These areas are rather depressing, like [Lasnamäe] in Tallinn or a town like [Narva] They make good destinations for Soviet-themed tours though.
No third party should have the right to declare what is just and what is not in such case.
Obviously compared to Siberia it's not much, but compared to central Europe where you can't go more than a few kms without noticing human footpring, it's quite a lot
I believe you're mistaking Russia with Soviet Union.
As for his "we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal" I have too many doubts to see this as good advice that would solve the problem.
Nope, the assurances were never a defensive pact of any kind.
In Italy we had the tetrahedron boxes till late 70s.
Boy, was I wrong
I was too drunk to get into an argument, but damn I wanted to say that he could always leave if he wanted to...
Most of it
Or just *proosit* or *klõmm* or *põhjani*.
Here are some sample math questions -
REPOST REPOST
Its population is majority Soviet occupation era Russian immigrants
I just think it's really interesting that this narrative is very well-known in Estonia and pretty much in history textbooks, while I have yet to meet a German who knows it
I don’t think we have invented anything on our own, but we eat pelmenis and tortellinis and the like
As per Estonian citizenship laws he automatically received Estonian citizenship upon re-independence and became extremely prominent politically
Igloos and now polar bears
herring on rye bread with green onions
There are still some corners of the country to visit.
Higher and lower wages are in European countries outside the EU
Buuut päts took over and gave away our country, but we got better"
I was born and bred in a garage, therefore im a car.
Not that often, usually when travelling, Latvia is quite far away form my town (100km) and Riga (with activites) is even futher to make it worth to drive for no reason
This 40% Russians doesn't make ethnic Latvians any more like Russians, while according to his stereotype, Bulgarians as a whole are like Russians.
Except the implication that members of a certain ethnic group are more prone to be traitors to their host country just because of their ethnicity is, in fact, utterly racist, no matter how you spin it.
Always nice to see Westerners living in a bubble.
The sun rised at 09
Estonian isn't even remotely related to Lithuanian.
I have installed a Reddit Pro Tools chrome extension, the latest version of which makes it very easy to see where the person posts
I guess that's one way of looking at it
Well, that is exactly what I said.
Same happened here
But you are using facts in completely wrong contexts.
If the rest of the stuff is equal, it makes sense that countries would give more points to their perceived "friends."
Swiss Airlines forgot to include the border between Estonia and Russia
Sick and tired of the cold misery here
Do you cross the border regularly?
It was an ultimatum in 1940 june (during WW2) after Soviet soldiers marched in in 1939 after an ultimatum, then a coup by soviet soldiers followed by a pro-soviet goverment joining the USSR.
The new law of citizenship stated, that only people who lived on the territory of the first Estonian Republic and their descendants are citizens of Estonia, everyone else has the possibility of naturalization which requires living in the territory of Estonia for at least 8 years and passing both an Estonian language and Estonian history exam
As most of the old traditions it's becoming a rarer sight by the year
Shut up, we were winning at something!
Whenever estonian is spoken by a non-native in a film/series made by a non-estonian, they make us sound russian
Perhaps the best foreign country out there (well Finland is barely a foreign country), home to the biggest Estonian émigré population, with Toronto being the Estonian émigré capital.
But that's because we did
It becomes quite annoying to put the *Madalmaad* into different grammatical cases in Estonian.
I'm sure lots of people "blindly" hated Nazi Germany as well.
Sure is, I love reading but it's such a time investment that with all of the other entertainment being available it's very difficult to get started with a book
Dude like every second Latvian is named Jānis.
You are ignoring the problem that migrants, who do not support progressive values of the societies around them, are demographically more successful than the so called native population and are replacing it slowly but steadily.
Yep, it's a very common saying among Estonians
You know that Dutch is one of the easiest languages for English speakers to learn?
He must be a Russian agent too!
Migration patterns of millions of people from less wealthy to more wealthy countries (in many cases where people put their lives in danger) only confirm that
Northeastern Estonia, northern part of Ida-Viru County.
I think 1x a day is the most usual one here as well, but most people wash their hair less often, like every 2nd or 3rd day
[So we have an Estonian Hound.]
I think every Estonian knows about the Salme shipfind :D
Ask Russia, they apparently are very eager to "liberate" even more of our country
Countryhumans but actually good
u/JakubMarian also uses regular Kremlin-influenced rhetoric
poor Russian with your poor education...
there's a lot of weird theories, some stemming from the fact that some people were accounted for as rescued the night of the accident and then disappeared completely, some theories about assorted smuggling, etc.
This is childs play compared to it.
Finlandization rebranded
Norway, Switzerland are arguably quite small countries population wise so they have a fairly good reaction time and results when it comes to making political, economical changes that the countries people accept
An Estonian driver notices a dead crow on the road.
If you speak English then I really don't mind
These feelings should be actively fucked.
If I'm not mistaken then the [January Storm] of 2005 was the worst recorded natural disaster in Estonia, if we leave out historical famines.
>Why are they holding pride parades if they were forcibly recruited, you ask
Well that's twice longer than Norway
Hehe knugen :')
We might have our main lines covered from Tallinn, but for further destinations, we need to take connecting flights anyways, and sometimes it's not faster to change flights mid way, but to just go through Helsinki or Riga
Actually quite difficult to say
Forest brothers
We also have a village called [Laeva] ("of the ship") which isn't anywhere near any major waterways
I've interacted with Konwent Polonia, Arkonia, Welecja and Sarmatia and been to some of their events in Poland.
Most young people speak it well and urban middle aged people manage somehow.
To generalize: girls don't need to be curious in class, everything is fed to them as is most suiting.
I did just quickly check, when it was - I saw different dates.
But in public I am just not that ok being completely nude
i told them about other ways to get to their destination, but they didn't really want to believe that the trqm line doesn't exist
Would need to change shirts/underwear like 6 times a day
Austria
We had our own ss division
And as they say: there are only three true maritime countries in the world: England, Saaremaa and Hiiumaa!
Exporting nuclear technology is not going to replace the major export industries, demand for mined resources is likely to grow, while demand for fossil fuels is likely to drop
- 9/11: 2,605 US citizens per 285,082,000 people (2001 figures) = 1 victim per 109 436 people;
Same I ve been trying a lot to change my accent it sounds horrible
That's sad
Indeed, ignorance is bliss
I've heard some Russians say that they would get recognized in Russia as their day to day vocabulary has many Estonian influences and separate word formations from those used in Russia.
From a safe distance of course
But most of them are well-integrated due to their small numbers in Estonia.
Probably the Russian occupied part
And we were about 12-16 when we had that subject
We actually have a saying for a similar situation: "hädas nagu mustlane mädas" - "in trouble like a gypsy in mud".
I very well know that, but this map shows different boundaries of Eastern Europe, yet makes it seem like the V4 aren't often considered Eastern Europe.
Being so irreligious comes with a cost.
Häid jõule
Very little land between the lake and mountain, so I get it
10 in the morning today and set af 3
People here are either Tallinn supremacists or hillbilly dumb asses who vote in a hate filled Conservative faction, yet I don't feel like I could fit anywhere else
Perhaps he knows something you don't?
saying just Ugric would make more sense though cause the only three languages existing in Ugric are Hungarian, Khanty and Mansi vs the
might give you a humourous idea about it
Well, more or less because we needed credit as a NATO member and Hussein was a totalitarian dictatorship, so we didn't feel contributing **post-invasion** was something wrong anyway.
As I commented on r/etymologymaps:
Scotland want independence from the shackles of Westminster, only to be tied down by the shackles of Brussels.
If it is geography, it gets complicated, even if you look at the map you see that Baltics are out of place, as they seem to belong to either Northern or Eastern Europe
Why I go Prague and never visit Karl bridge or that famous clock of theirs
[First sauna, then Nordic
I never mentioned genetics, but Hungarians and Finns and Estonians are related ethnic groups.
Mart Laar, the former head of our conservative party Pro Patria and Res Publica Union deleted some anti-ACTA posts from his Facebook page and gave an excuse that his page ran out of space.
A PAIR OF FECKIN' WOMEN'S KNICKERS!
Wind power generation has increased steadily, but has stalled recent years due to various legal disputes
Ukraine agreed that it began on 20 February, Andrey Illarionov sort of confirmed that date.
Daily "flooding of communist and Kremlin sympathizers into that thread".
I've seen several articles, but these came right up on google atm [ and [
Also we are lazy so we want to do as much as possible over the Internet.
Well in the last years most of their energy has been on the refugee crisis, with typical posts like these:
what kind of bread do you use
Vii spiik laik tiss eer in estoonia, bikaus it iis hau vii pronaunts tings
Even [one of our islands] mostly merges it together with Ö.
Yeah, I found that a bit funny when I found out as well
They may be poorer, but not unstable.
Jah, aga kasutatakse veidi erinevalt.
You are somewhat right with the concealed carry, but you made it sound very wrong, so I actually had to check the law to see wtf are you going on about
Mad respect to them and they can count on Estonia’s full support
More than the person, who has actually studied it?
If they want it, they can apply for it, just like in most other European countries.
After all, I haven't really heard of a machine gun shooting in the news
No matter how much I try to give facts stating the opposite, people still seem to think that it's nonexistent in Europe.
If I have two dollars and you have one, am I closer to being a millionaire?
Mate, you can use the exact same argument but in reverse for summer time
Please give us our cold weather back
I actually wrote an article about it, too
I call foul play
Russia has something for everyone
But to say a nation like Sweden will be ever attacked or even proxy attacked by any other nation is paranoia.
If a person knows his or her ethnic background, then the person is most likely much more culturally aware of who he or she is.
They are all EE if you divide Europe into a geographical east and west and totally disregard the other two main geographical directions.
When people ask me about it I usually don't recommend they go there, mainly because I think it's boring compared to Gothenburg and Stockholm, but that's just me
Men's health was just really shitty in the Soviet Union.
Well i've always considered Estonia Western.
The shitty climate is one of the many reasons why I can’t wait to get out of this country
(I do love Asian food though
If you stick to the east-west division and disregard some countries that are clearly rather in the east, then yes.
I guess we could get better along with them if they chose to switch to democracy and stop being a nuisance to everyone around them
During Soviet times many people watched Finnish TV and might have picked up some language from there, but those broadcasts didn't reach the southern parts of the country
The President, after being placed under house arrest by the Soviets, did sign some documents that supposedly legitimized the referendum results.
Actually you have more accidents with pedestrians in cities
Denmark
We also had a border treaty and a non-aggression pact with the USSR.
We have been friends since the fall of Tsardom of Russia
BTW, it's also worth noting that the older Russians are a bit more tolerant than the younger ones.
Luckily they were too late and given the track record it was probably a desperate cry for attention by conservatives as COVID-19 has been taking most of the headlines
There is nothing unique in this.
I will go back to my wartorn country, pff...war is better than some Baltic country!" - Some 'war' refugee in Lithuania
Here, up to around 4 or 5 or so, parents stay at the party
1 guy voting is technically possible, but even an irrelevantly unlikely outcome.
>Afaik it includes work related pension plans
I think what pushed the vote count over to the Leave side was that people didn't believe the EU could reform.
I find it to be the exact opposite.
If no, then it's forced labor
There's also a lot of partisan songs from WWII era, with explicitly anti-Russian lyrics
this is a more complicated topic i am not too good at explaining in either estonian or english, but basically in the words "vili", "viilid" and "viilima", the first i-sound is a different length in all of them
Shit how ignorant can some people be...
And these aspects might push people to move, both for higher salary and more interesting work
You yourself said: "Mass deportation of Moroccans is ethnic cleansing according to UN definition."
[Source pdf]
Latvian also doesn't have palatalised consonants, unlike Lithuanian.
This seems rather a technical issue, unless a group of states evolved into a federation, which wouldn't be the case for modern Spain.
I suppose you haven't met me
003XXX must have really sped to get 41 minutes remaining
It is lovely to walk around the old town, parks and riverside and also elsewhere if you're interested in architecture
I also haven’t noticed any difference between the attitude towards men or women
i think this kind of ties to the other fun and very specific part of the estonian language where we have 3 different lengths of pronunciation for letters ("välde" in estonian)
The answer is right there, after the quote you posted - "...where non-muslims girls where systematically picked"
Ah, three tracks driven in the snow, two lanes in opposing directions.
How are we behind Latvia and Lithuania
Why is sour cream in the sweet pot
Second: idk how common or uncommon it is in other countries but here especially in rural areas we like to make our own juice, kompot and other stuff
Sweden- the history we share together
Johan Pitka
We have schools teaching English (and Estonian for Russians) to every child and some or most schools teaching Russian, German and French, while there are also single schools teaching about 10 other languages.
So I don't think it's a fair comparison
"Draakon" is somewhat more common nowadays, and is most strongly associated with rhe high fantasy type of dragons like Game of Thrones and LOTR
Valmis või mitte, siit ma tulen
He saved many lives
I've found plenty actually, seems mainly because of Uni
European Parliament has power only in theory.
In central Europe there are hundreds of kilometers between Russia and the nearest NATO military base.
but usually most of your salary goes to rent, food, clothes,  and it's growing more if you have a family or kids
* One fell because minister of justice wanted to set minimums how many how many civil servants had to be prosecuted every year
Some polarization is happening.
"We already are in Tallinn, Pekka!"
Well, Estonia [stores] all (and I mean *all*) data they have on their residents in Luxembourg
The former is an authoritarian dictatorship, while the latter is a totalitarian dictatorship.
I think this is the key with bread
Annexation doesn't make an illegal occupation legal, gosh...
I'm sure the Coastal Swedes held/hold their dialect alive in cultural institutions, but then again it's easy to adapt to the mainstream language and forget your dialect.
Fuck yeah, France
Tbf, that saying is a famous paraphrasing of Hemingway's lines *No well-run yacht basin in Southern waters is complete without at least two sunburned, salt bleached-headed Esthonians [sic
As the polls show it is how Russians gladly see themselves as.
Creating companies and investing also creates jobs.
From Estonia's six members, three are chosen by the Association of Estonian Cities and three by the Association of Rural Municipalities.
It's a foreign policy decision, the stance Portugal took will have an effect on their foreign relations.
It's quite easy to visit from Estonia, one just needs to hop off the Tallinn-Stockholm ferry during the night
I studied Russian for four years, German for three and Spanish for two
Which makes sense comparing the countries population densities
And referring to Brussels is just a form of speech, same as Moscow to Russian government or Washington to US government
Where are the numbers comparing different scenarios
It just takes up your entire day and there's almost nothing to see [while on the road] besides tasteless adverts on roadsides.
Estonia being the smallest
One of the reasons why waiting periods for doctors are so long
I have seen highly upvoted comments saying that a conflict between US and Russia seemed inevitable.
Now it's just another fast food joint and it's down to preference
But there are many [Estonian exonyms] that are noticeably different from their English names
Obviously it will not be *that* simple, but that is how people will see it.
The average basketball attendance is 511 and the most popular Tallinn Kalev and Tartu Rock games can easily get full attendance in [this arena]
Like /u/Ice00Angel already said i fear that the sub would consist mainly of Westerners and not the people that we're actually supposed to be asking questions from.
Denmark
plus i want to keep my secret language for talking behind others backs :D
There have been winters when only the shorter roads have been opened and it's likely that this is the case during this winter as well.
If I am against some laws or directives that come from democratic system, that doesn't mean I'm against democracy
In Estonia its like summer
"Do you speak Russian
lol this is the second time today i see someone making a post like this.
I mean, it would probably still look bad considering that it's all built on a low-vegetation limeston tabletop area, but it looks especially bad because it was never fully completed - it's not like anyone invested into new housing in the early 1990s and after that nobody had the incentive to improve this area
I checked satellite images ) There is quite a lot of nothingess in Finnmark
Keskerakond (Central Party)(Liberal)
I love to have vacations around Europe and I never noticed any major differences in language skills in that region.
I mean, without the suicidal price that will be paid by the conservatives at the next elections?
Everything is not about money, you know.
Well I got good news for you
He is most definitely Russian
Not really, I've added a link to this message that has the KFC locations in Tallinn
Minus 5 in Vardø. Quite unusual in February
Working in Western Europe: French or German
You can't stop it
Famous French politician told  that "we missed perfect opportunity to shut the fuck up"
They are doing all of it for the reason that it will bring in money and keep the current oligarchs in power.
Graduated from uni
Could you post this even more often?
What a wonderful result for France and Europe
It's a wonder why people are so stuck with a stupid onetime slogan.
Yes but it's outside of Europe
>don’t call me stupid
Sure is, I love reading but it's such a time investment that with all of the other entertainment being available it's very difficult to get started with a book
The difference comes from people actually putting it in practice or attempting to and people just cosplaying
They look quite cool, how they can stand up and how you can lift them on the side.
unless going to sauna is already considered crazy abroad, then that
Quite soon after that I saw an old Top Gear episode when Clarkson said "Shall we take the Aston
At least we're not Sweden
The storm caused a flood in our coastal regions.
I used to say less untill it became a meme, now i say it always
30% Soviet as 70% are Estonian natives.
I don't know about any big Skype offices with hundreds of employees  in Sweden
You basically ignored my point.
Sauna has always been popular in Northwestern Europe and when the first saunas started to appear Estonians and Finns were probably still the same people anyway, so if they can say that they invented it, we can too.
Keskerakond (Central Party)(Liberal)
Definitely first with the nation, and thereafter country, then city and perhaps then county
I do find it somewhat odd that it is so unknown in Germany, not because I don't know that we are a small country and far away from you, but because you guys had so much land and huge mansions here, a lot of relatives here etc, and these rich Germans still lived here right until 1939-1941 ( *Umsiedlung*)
Eggs
Czechia maybe
oh just unroll that entire bad boy straight into my gullet please
We go naked into sauna and usually there are both sexes together
It was decided that future British monarchs who shared names with previous monarchs would have their regnal number follow on from either the previous Scottish or English monarch, depending on which was highest.
In fact the USSR allied with the Nazi Germany.
and maybe latvians too because 6 toes and "s" at the end of every word
This "global food" is pretty rare as home food, however native dishes don't really work for fast food either.
I was thinking to go on Sahara desert tour this year, but I think I just travel Poland and save some money and have same experience
I guess it does sorta make sense to call them that.
I am afraid problem is not just oil&gas, there are also major business interests in Russia
I've found plenty actually, seems mainly because of Uni
**§ 1
Sweden: thanks for the university and everything
*[The Singing Revolution] is an exceptionally good documentary about Estonia's recent history
What do you mean the Winter War?
It was no Sandstorm but honestly that song is better than at least 50% of the crap at Eurovision these days, I'd put it in the top 20% probably actually for that year
The sun rised at 09
Not countries the minority of the population consisting of uneducated buffoons who beat their spouses and/or children and are struggling because nothing's ever their fault
I'd say Angola, Mozambique, PRC.
It's not like the scale of Soviet crimes in the region was vastly larger in terms of both numbers and length
small
I think almost everyone is in agreement with basic social welfare in Europe.
One of my grandfather's coworkers had a heart attack and died on the spot when he saw the meat counters in a Helsinki store.
Who the hell cuts potatoes like that, it should be in cubes
The problem is not the "ass-shower", it's the Middle Eastern and Asian tidiness.
[Kuuseke (a cutesy way of saying a fir/spruce tree)
We can't choose our president either, the government does that
By the time one is in their late 30s, they are expected to be successful in their career
We are not arguing about the necessity for a child to have two parents around and the positive effect on living together with both of the parents.
But yeah, I think schools shouldn't start earlier than 9
kukkki (even the rooster),
It is just made up commie propaganda like the whole map.
122 vs 123, at least according to this poll.
Saying Reykjavik is a powerhouse and Warsaw unimportant seems a bit weird.
Everything is written as it is pronounced but not other way around
The heat is great, I’d love to have 25-30 degrees all year round
If it were just the "losers of globalization", who decided the vote, we wouldn't have had Brexit and Trump.
Well, i do it atleast
Please elaborate, I can't see your point.
Eu4: hungary
His maps may look all pretty and that, but they are often horribly shallowly researched
like seriously this is 3 year old humour
The taste of water differes from district to district
We (Estonia) are one of the most irreligious countries on Earth
You might say that Russian real disposable income has been falling, but if I don't like to hear that I can say it is controversial and things are not as easy as they seem in the first glance.
I think it's up to tradition and people thinking the highrises would be built into historical neighborhoods or so that they bloc historical views, although there are strict rules to prevent that.
Also, isn't raw meat dishes a big thing in Asian countries
Currently 20°C at 1632 in South-Eastern Estonia, i'd say its mostly 12-20° with quite common heavy rain and sometimes thunder noises
* Kazakhstan
Maybe it goes to jungle in Europe and Greenland after, in the long term, or just dead
All measures are incomplete as they only show a certain aspect.
But if you want to talk about the socialist era or compare the former socialist states, then it's OK to include us in Eastern Europe.
They are especially good with black bread ;)
but same, me and my brother switched to english when we didn't want adults to understand us
Germany played a large role
Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein supreme political authority is vested in the people
People are "angry" at China for suppressing the language, culture and traditions of their minorities, such as Uyghurs and Mongols, but Russia has been doing it for centuries and nobody bats an eye
Alternative service is not "not going".
But overemphasizing a single better or worse than average result can lead you to erroneous conclusions.
I had the weirdest day today in Estonia
Well you have to interact with those friends, who don't use Facebook out of some weird principle.
Finland
46% of Russians aren't a marginal faction.
Can't imagine England without her.
However when new line is formed  it doesn't matter what order was in other line - it's a new line after all
And do you actually want to have an island
I think our prime minister must answer to that question on next meeting in parliament
Also Crimea is somewhy part of Russia on this map.
His mother was half-jewish if I remember correctly
I don't like unintelligent people.
What is the reason for such rules?
Estonia has more car sales than Latvia and Lithuania?
The only way that makes sense is if you are a right wing extremism
I've been an F1 fan since 2002-2003 and I can't disagree unfortunately
It'd be interesting to see if it changes back as I now live in Tallinn again.
I have even brought out the topic that maybe I should also pay something but will immediatley get shut down
I went to one in Estonia today
Russian economic woes are almost solely due to the oil price drop.
I can only add to the chorus: it feels as if the two parties are a right wing one, and then the party of the insane.
He first moved to Estonia in 1996, when he was 43 years old
Go ahead and read The Forgotten Soldier by Guy Sajer, you might change your mind
raiskama: est
So they've been here for 400 years, and you refuse to call them natives?
Also when a man and woman marry we say that the man is "taking a wife" and the woman is "going to a man".
And still
Miners are usually Russians in the northeast, so I imagine they vote for the Estonian Centre Party, which is usually considered to be a left-wing populist pro-Russian party.
It's sad our politicans don't see the value how much money you can make by taxing it
Heck, something has to work when Nokia didn't.
knowing that the poster is from there also enables you to make a judgment regarding their bias - everyone is biased, knowing what the bias might be like can help with judging the comment for how true it might be.
I think for most Estonians iPhone is:
Fun fact, in the Netherlands people use diseases as insults
Because I've literally never seen it in Estonia
And Iceland has more sales than Latvia, crazy...
Anarchy
Keep away - they're just [building factories and kindergartens]
No food was really banned, it's just that nothing was really available.
"**
But we have borders between us as well..
"West will do" is not how you organize legitimate referendums either.
Hot: 24+
Is there a particular reason why the French Atlantic coast has little to none settlements
Speak with people from my country in my language.
Your capital is the nicest in Baltics
Yeah, and cost of living in some poor african countries is even lower
The original map portrayed us as Russians, although we are not Russians, not even Indo-Europeans.
Mida kuradit sa mulle just ütlesid, kuradi värdjas?
Pretty safe to say that the Latvian idea was by no means affected by the Austrian idea
So many of my ancestors repressed, the economy ruined, the older generations brainwashed, architecture ruined, ethnic makeup complicated, nature ruined etc.
Im gonna be honest The ideal russia in my eyes as a foreign estonian is a Russia divided into multiple constitutional monarchies
Same here send help
i like the current one better
Edit: kinda joking, ofc
Russian has that strong vibe just like German.
This is a scary thought
I was looking at the tempature on a day to day basis
Rest of Estonia would have a lot of fun without Tallinn..
It is, but I'd say many of us are OK with that kind of generalization in a random conversation.
Livonian order once was belonged to Lithuania.
Tbh, I think everyone should take a test every 10 years to renew their license
If you looked up in Estonia right now, you would not notice even the slowest UFO flying over your head.
Häid jõule
Troops on horses were used, but they never charged tanks
No, I can confirm your interpretation
I bet a lot of people in Corsica who speak Corsican can understand/speak Italian language because they're closely related.
Thank you I needed that
Unless it's a old building where windows haven't been changed these are the standard
Garbage in the sense that NO, they don't say that radical muslims can hold homophobic views.
With a line like "ei iial tibla ori küll eesti rahvast saa" - "the Estonian people will never be slaves of the *tibla*" ("tibla" being a derogatory term for Russians)
I say Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine, others usually say BioNTech
Right now average net wage is 42% of that in Finland
Last time many even handed in empty slips.
good, Tere drinkers are heathens.
That’s like saying Versailles is tacky
How complicated is that for you
Btw, seda kasutatakse ka eesti keeles kui *[deminutiiv]
Probably in 1918-1920, when we first gained our independence.
Russia
Prisma stores are huge - absolutely unnecessary, plus the lines are horribly long.
Partitive can be used mostly in two ways:
even those people who love hot weather are suffering
Democracy had nothing to do with WW2.
But will change jobs soon, so again, going by car, but I already dread the traffic in the evening leaving the office, a bus goes also there directly, but then I'd have to walk \~15 minutes to the bus stop, then travel by bus etc
Jaan Poska
Well we now have an eternal fifth column living in our country.
Go and live in Finland, that's the only way
Uhm we Estonians are basicly pagans
In Estonia whole winter this year is basically a 90 day November and currently it is storming outside
- 51 (Sb) - Antimon
Russians know how to make things beautiful on paper.
Compare Lithuanian "aikšte" - "clearing"
Estonia is on its way to destination fucked
So if I'm bringing over a pack of beer cans from Finland, I need to take the empty cans back to Finland to get my deposit money back (stores charge some money for the cans/bottles, which you'll get back once you return them)
I was sort of reminded how Northern Europeans think that being fake friendly out of politeness is rude and Southern Europeans think that not being fake friendly out of politeness is rude.
&#x200B;
Its also kind of a memorial for the Singing Revolution of Estonia
I think that this is good enough.
I've given a taste of words like õlu to my German friends and yeah they cannot get it right
This is a possibility
Doesn't mean matryoshkas are our thing...
I wouldn't say these are *that* similar :D
It was discussed on the r/Mapporn comments and the Romanians there suggested the more fair number is still 5 as in the original map I had written "3/5".
Not all countries had many Jews.
I do feel that Asia is closer to us than Africa - both in km and culturally
* Ruum/Ruuma (E: room, space/F: cargo hold)
In Estonia we usually visit Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Russia or sometimes the UK
But for that I would have to meet my soulmate within the next few years, which seems quite impossible since I’m so focused on my career
I haven't been to Corsica, Limousin and Auvergne.
>they thought we were going home attl 2am, I felt sorry for them when we left at 7
Why is Scotland, Northern Ireland and Italy colored?
Pepsi is never in 1 L Pepsi is rare here, but 1.5 L costs about €1.10 + €0.10 for the recyclable bottle.
Go to a gas station in Poland though and try to speak English and see what happens even though they're supposedly higher than us
Or, you know, maybe if the Remain campaign would have said that "We see that so many people are against the EU membership, so vote Remain to stay and we will push for massive reform of the EU".
You just need to find the right singers.
(No snow on these pictures though
Are there Europeans out there, who have never been to the sea?
Whoever came up with this 600k figure did so in order to make people believe something that is not true.
Tens of thousands of Estonians have gone to Finland and they are doing just fine.
If your enemies are iran and turkey it's a pretty good sign you're on the right side
Are you scared because of your 25% Russian population?
Yeah, aren't you buying electricity from abroad half the year?
Minsk is definitely hella cheap, I agree.
I've seen people spell it with one n, but wow, never something this butchered
But then it's incorrect to use the terms Finnic, Slavic and Nordic (Scandinavian) as these are nothing more than language groups although people forcefully want to attribute cultural, genetic or other aspects to these terms
Getting that right from your parents (ius sanguinis) is the most logical, definite way to form a contact with the land and retain the independence of your natural-born citizens.
Basically seen it twice in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.
astonishing how close-minded people can be
) at about 4 am to sober up from a party during summer, twice without any issues
You already described one example of using Norwegian mountains - night excess storage
Example:  (this specific song has been used in quite a few movies)
Estonia was made Christian by German and Danish crusaders that brought the religion here "with fire and sword". Also it later became a protestant nation
Full opening of the KGB archives has been an issue here, but it still hasn't been done due to fears of reprisal of at least some sort.
It's not like we don't get this, you should rather read up on [Western betrayal] it has far more aspects than you might think.
The singing revolution
Do you seriously think any woman would willingly put themselves through that emotional health for a week of leave?
He kindof has been for years
i am not too sure about my explanation skills or technical knowledge of pronunciation, but i tried my best :)
You get the latter here as well
If you listen closely, you can hear Italy crying in the distance
Johann Voldemar Jannsen
There was a huge difference in Lithuanian borders.
Also, nobody cares about your nazi ancestors
Pros: Good education, modt people keep to themselves, cool parties
I personally haven't heard anyone missing it but I also wouldn't say that my parents stories are filled with horror, everyone basically managed to live
[Kalevipoeg] is our national epic
To be honest, all Finno-Ugric languages are very hard
idk i think its a lot about knowing the area and keeping to the bigger streets that have lighting
We have this issue too, l communicate in English so much that most of my conversations with some Estonian friends are done in English too
Of course they are entirely different things
France is not Paris
It will be hilarious to see what they do with you.
* One fell because minister of interior recorder his private meetings with other politicians
Anyways, we'll not change our national flag to satisfy some foreigners.
i told them about other ways to get to their destination, but they didn't really want to believe that the trqm line doesn't exist
i do that when i walk past someone i know (if they also notice me), but not to strangers
Both in the sense that it gives the possibility to monitor the situation better and also deter any aggression.
sputnik
No Soviet/Russian sources = no crime.
My native language is Russian, second language I learned was Estonian
Plus, it's quite difficult to understand the various dialects.
Depends on where
It's the mountain's height measured from water level though.
det finns fler av oss på /r/Svenska.
all are free, but University of Tartu  is generally regarded as the best, probably because it is also the oldest and thus most reputable
Also, most of the entertainment I consume is in English
[JMKE - Tere perestroika (Hello perestroika)]
He is half Estonian, how so
Therefore, Kazakhstan tries to avoid choosing sides, but will do the minimum necessary to show Russia it's on board
Yes, people, who don't believe in ancient fairy tales without any evidence, are edgy.
By the way, if your parents are both stateless, you can get citizenship by simple request, something that isn't taken advantage of by tens of thousands of people because they actually prefer to be stateless.
Portugal
can't find the button in this darkness.
Better in Kiev than in Moscow as Moscow is the capital of the state that committed the crime.
“Minuga” is “With me”, and “Ei maksa” is literally translated to “Doesn’t cost,” but in this context it would mean “Isn’t worth” and “Norida” basically means “Pick a fight,” so from this we get “It’s not worth it to pick a fight with me
Sharing a lot of history and even territory (Livonia)
A brief introductury into Estonian children's literature
>We were all cold as balls here in Portugal this weekend
So a non-event is news even though it has nothing to do with Northern Europe?
Only if you are a religious freak.
Apparently most old women = best
i dont think we bite into anything
>the average redditor thinks that more books = more intelligence
I'm young and i never lived in the regime
no way omg that sounds horrifying
>private health care leaving millions without the means to afford proper care
Estonian Police Mannequin Challenge Includes a Tour of the Facility
Latvia- Kārums and cultural sites plus the "brother from another mother" (as I like to call it) friendship
Only if you consider Germany an administrative division of the EU.
But such people will never care about that because that turns their simplistic world view upside down and right now it is too easy for them to blame entire occupied nations of literally organizing the Holocaust with their rhetoric
Free Russia organization consists of Russians.
We sell the equipment
Yeah in Estonian it feels like that
Narva, also all of Ida-Virumaa
[this here (also due to watching it a long time ago i made the joke poorly :(]
Well, there are many dialects but they all pretty much fall into 2 categories: South and North Estonian
And I'm sure that NATO would take similar appropriate measures against any state that was a realistic threat to its members.
But when you look at the table you'll also see that at the top are countries with a) good salaries b) relatively small population.
Milline neist sulab kiireimini: hõbe või kuld?
Too bad nobody helped us to get rid of the commies
Secretary of Defense and from a former NATO Deputy Secretary General; U.S.
The question is rather: how did they remain into existence?
While simultaneously his "opposition" like Smith are probably going to vote against Article 50.
How old are you now
For Slovenian, have a peak in there: [
Thanks for the information, I somewhy assumed that in alost every country it's 48h.
In Estonia I guess it has to be "Õnne 13". It has been running since 1993 and has aired 822 episodes in 28 seasons
Iceland, Belgium (until 2018), Czechia, Slovakia, Greece, San Marino, Slovenia, Macedonia, Moldova, Malta,
>Most country did not accept that excuse as sufficient to allow them to hold parades
Also organizing for Snowden to go to Russia takes some contacts.
I think you're confusing Pskov with Pechory
Poor and drunk
Oh my god, he actually said it out loud
*Vene värk* ("Russian stuff") as Estonians would say...
In trams you lack even this option
That would be one exceptionally distanced capital from the rest of the country.
I think that one's actually true isn't it
The popularity of preserving one's culture and language is stronger among the Seto, but there are fewer of them.
Eh, maybe a bit
We were the first nation controlled by penguins
- rather innovative if compared to post-socialist standards;
Where I live most clubs don't even open till midnight, would be pointless to be there just for couple hours
[For bonus]
I've lived in both Tallinn and Tartu.
Did not really think that there will be Portugese people that know of Estonia (:  When I visited Portugal, I felt an odd sort of connection with the place, that has never been the case with any other southern countries - so it intrigued me a lot
That's some Russian internet and I am sure getting the color of fake blood right would not be that difficult
I'm kidding, trains are great, but playing with more than 10 is not fun
I'm guessing Estonian is also important in Valka, just like Latvian is in Valga.
Oklahoma Belarus is my favourite
not a German at all, but you might also find interesting that us Estonians still commonly call Pskov Pihkva and Ivangorod Jaanilinn - the names they had when they were part of Estonia.
Social pressure
astonishing how close-minded people can be
We say "Tšehhi" because to us that's comfortable
It was *the* most horrible era in our country's history.
For majority in eastern Europe travelling is luxury
Yes, but conscription *is* reasonable if you have a neighbor like that...
Finland
Should another nation invade a country with the birthplace right citizenship law and illegally import many of its people, then it would later have little chances of legitimately denying citizenship for the newborn children of the illegal immigrants.
Russophonic people are a total of 30%.
I'm green at heart so I do support anything that minimizes pollution that China creates
Yeah, breathing through a cloth (like a scarf for example) is not good for your health.
If you are being told you throw these words too lightly perhaps its time to look at this as well too, but yet you guys never do apparently
"Work hard and love will follow" A.H. Tammsaare from  "Truth and Justice"
Writing notes and doing homework isn't obligatory usually that depends on the teacher and how well you can learn from auditory and visual memory.
I'm not a huge fan of any inherited cultural legacy, but I do enjoy my cultural institutions that have kept Western civilization going for a couple of thousand years.
We share most aspects with Finland and with other Nordic countries, but have taken a lot from Baltic Germans.
I understand why you like its unique usage of certain aspects of direct democracy, but the system itself is not a direct democracy.
Great Patriotic war (world war II on eastern front) and victory
Be praised by Estonians for "speaking better Estonian than local Russians, who have been here for generations"?
And I did support Le Pen, but now that Macron pulled that off, I kinda respect him
Unless they are not asylum seekers, and then they are in fact immigrants.
We are referring to age not independence, vennas
Yea its amazing, to stand there knowing that the red army could be sent to stop you, kill you if they must, absolutely terrifying to think about
In Russian we have послезавтра (poslezavtra) for overmorrow and позавчера (pozavchera) for the day before yesterday
However from there up, it's becoming rarer and rarer.
Both are very different from English, so learning the basics of English was incredibly hard for me
And where's the energy independence should it be needed?
>don’t call me stupid
> Naked Hog Chasing
Whatever looks black or Asian or Slavic etc, is treated by many as such.
In Estonia our scouts (young eagles) are literally a sub category of the Defence Force (military)
Like for example plane in Estonian is lennuk, it's obviously derived from the verb lendama, which means to fly, but no other connections there
Smart of you for blaming one guy for it the last time, but now you ask all of us to be your friends
You do understand that it's Russia pushing Europe and Europe pushing Russia *back*, right
In 2013, if you add together the number of people from the aforementioned groups, then there were a total of 444.
I'm sure I know some stereotypes about most of them, although many tend to have similar stereotypes.
These days, it's usually just metalheads.
Russians are not indigenous to Estonia and they came to Estonia as the result of a crime against international law.
West > Western Europe and encompasses Eastern Europe though.
Your people's definition of light hair is basically everyone not with a pitch-black hair.
Estonian: *küüslauguleivad* - "Garlic bread**s**", in plural as it's usually cut in smaller slices.
i think i learned at 4 or so years old with side wheels and for my 6th or 7th birthday i got a "big kids bike" without side wheels and with gears, that i started learning to ride right away
the goal was to make us feel bad about throwing food away
Dude, you have freaking Max Payne, Alan Wake and Control
Why would one nation be better than all others?
Siberian Estonian is relatively easy to understand.
Firstly, the climate talk became more widespread only in 2000s, I don't think people were that aware of fossil fuels being phased out back then
Once I get out of my car I got a \~60 second timer to get to a cooled room or I will start sweating balls
I think it's because of the language
I've always wondered
Statistics do not agree
The Baltic states in no way were co-belligerents of either Germany or the Soviet Union.
Unfortunately Switzerland is not part of that thou :(
Consider this: you can live and even be born in a country without being a legal citizen of said country.
I would like to add choir to the mix
Narva, the old city and pretty much everything was destroyed by the soviets
If I was part of another society and having said the things he said in that interview, I probably would.
Bulgaria indeed scores surprisingly high.
Kilpkonn - shield frog (turtle)
It literally had lower support among the young ones.
Yes, i know estonian and english and used to speak finnish, i want to learn finnish and mari, which is spoken in russia
And drink I guess, but that varies
Locked cause yall can't behave
[New design vs 2(?) editions older design]
Indeed - for a grammatically very simple language, English really goes crazy with its pronunciation.
1€ -  A bag of chips
[Districts] in this [city] provide +2 Great Person points of their type
With one of the best results in the post-socialist world...
6 million hectares
I think that the word "kiisu"(cat) is kinda childish and "kutsu" (doggy )
And yes maybe through surveilance etc we get rid of extremism(which i doubt) but do you think you'll get your liberties back
Is CDA a left-wing party though?
It's shit no matter what time of year it is
We can see high speed trains, but they operate between far bigger cities
Also especially younger people often have [such gloves] for easier phone use
...and home to one of the lowest wages in the EU?
What on earth are you talking about, everyone besides military personnel was granted residency rights.
There really is only one possible answer here.
Either on 24th or 25th on about 6 PM - 8 PM.
Yeah Johannes is quite a common male name here
Ai kurat, sa põder raisk (aw fuck, you goddamn moose)
Best decision ever
Gas is easy, but the customers aren't going to be there forever, not for the current volume; trace amounts at best
Maybe the restaurants in the town hall square, they're just very expensive
Former leader of the Interfront, lol
what are some things to avoid doing?
I guess this may raise questions about families not teaching the native language to their kids, which is quite normal
One is Väike-Pakri (Small Pakri) and one is Suur-Pakri (Big Pakri)
On a similar note, you can't really call them "blacks" (*must*, pl.
Plenty of people get away with crimes within our countries too.
This wikipedia map shows Lithuanian border changes around the WW2 time.
Estonian word for no sounds like Latvian word for go
I intentionally avoid shopping malls from the end of November to early January because of the Christmas thing.
Small number of them, dispersed over the country instead of concentrated in specific areas, means they will assimilate with the wider society instead of forming an insular community where extremist views can get reinforced
Limpa, Valge klaar and Kelluke are all very popular here
However our corruption probably has a different form, it's more of a nepotism, however still there have been bribing scandals
Well Narva is bigger than Pärnu, but because it's mostly populated by Russians, then obviously Pärnu feels bigger in our national consciousness
Traditionally [every parish] had their own folk costume, with regional costumes varying quite a lot:
On=is
* 1991-present
Thank you for some sanity in this thread
Our textbooks don't differ a lot it seems.
So rare to see someone who knows Greenlandic, cool!
Ah, good, I was only thinking of the word my ex used, considering her grandfather was from there.
Most of Russia is in love with Putin.
>Southern Russia
Except Russia is an imperialistic dictatorship known for wanting to destroy the EU and NATO.
Nah, our northerners are even weirder
And video games and TV shows and so on and so on
You're then just limiting the ability for cyclists and pedestrians
I have no idea what
The solution for that is to work in 2 shifts, not close shops earlier
China illegally occupied Tibet and playing dirty games to grab more land and maritime territory.
Sadly, this hits home :(
Well we have a place called "Põrgu küla" which means "hells village" and "Pulli küla" my best translation would be "tomfoolery village"
\[...\] During World War II, parts of the fortress complex were used by the Nazi Germany for detention, interrogation, and execution
By the time one is in their late 30s, they are expected to be successful in their career
Lol, Europe being a unitary state?
That means that if you want to use this 3% to justify sucking Russian dick then there are plenty of more important dicks ahead of the line.
Which is also weird considering the context.
Latvia is a historically ethnically homogeneous territory.
This is nation building at its worst.
Wait, this is not allowed
That's why you don't understand how the world works
We have [some yogurts]äästumarket.ee/static/body/pildid/pilt_288.jpg) in such packaging.
That is of course because most of the Polish companies have their headquarters in Warsaw.
Try that Latvian treat and quit for life.
Plenty of kids drink occasionally at 14 in Estonia.
Many clubs have been closed in the university town Tartu, I don't think there are even many left.
They don't have any allies, except for Scots
I can't even tell the correct way right now
Really depends on the country, but you can regulate that *if the nation has the will*.
First words I see are "truly independent".
Probably a wrap or some cheap [slimy burger]
bread with just jam is a great cheap snack though
hehhe
When the hunter later went to check the camera, there was no animal on the picture
Brita is well not exactly common but most people know what it is and some people even use it frequently
The whole mess would be better just bulldozed
While I agree with your point the big difference is that in those times there was almost no welfare anywhere.
The only possible scenario that I see here
French media don't want to fan the flames of populism.
In presidential systems the norm is to have a term limit because the official, i.e.
I did not clain that Malloch is alt-right and I referred to dumbasses *like* him.
We are talking about a theoretical outcome here.
Isn't Turkey also the country with most imprisoned journalists
Do not forget to drink those four beers beforehand
[Blackcurrant] Was kind of shocked myself when I heard about this lol
and not only on reddit
So any criticism of a system that involves democratic elections is somehow an attack on democracy now
The job of preserving and introducing the Jewish-Polish culture should be the duty of cultural societies and cultural associations.
You buy sliced cheese, duh
Macron rallying voters from the right?
> "Ät"
Sure, one of the first google hits:
This stuff happened untill the collapse and some years after it
The lifestyle is indeed supposed to be wackier.
&#x200B;
I think no city will ever beat [Norilsk] Russia
Also as an efficiency booster for heating systems
Belarus lived 70 years under soviet totalitarian regime and now 25 years under Lukashenko regime
For example, I personally feel quite anxious sometimes when I think that I’d like to have a family one day
You mean because they are hostile imperialist dictatorships?
Like [here] a famous singer after the war
That's sort of the end of the discussion.
Independence did not exactly go as we planned.
> I still shudder at the price of a pint down there
'Fury' over Corbyn aide's Nato comments - BBC News
They are certainly not anti-Russian
The Soviets just made those people disappear without really categorising people who took part in the Holocaust, who fought for them or who were just forced to collaborate
Or *Linnutee* ("Bird's Way") in Estonian
In that the right-wing populist is right.
Do you have local slang names for car manufacturers?
The quality of old Latvian trains isn't helping along either
a very sad and strange period of human and European history
Dear Austria, who in Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania has ever claimed to be Scandinavian?
There are a few thousand of them and many are worth a visit.
Same with Estonia, although in pedestrian areas (i.e.
14 percentage point gender gap for Ireland, 12 for France, 10 for the Netherlands..
* And last one fell because corruption investigation (they gave a loan to businessman far below market rates)
Ah, the "good old Swedish times".
If there's one thing that Russia knows how to do, it's propaganda.
"We should find common ground with a hostile imperialist dictator!" Wonder what that "common ground" would be in that case?
You can tell who came from that sub because don't have flairs
Saying thank you to bus drivers (seems to be a Scottish/Northern English thing).
Jfc they send people to slaughterfield and can't even provide them with a wheelchair afterwards
Do you also shoot up hundreds of Euros worth of fireworks on 10 December?
But for me it means nothing
Sink=ham
I shall remember this for the next time I meet a Dutch person
Humanitarian reasons based on the flawed theory that increase in their living standards brings forth (classical) liberalism, respect for human rights and all these other nice things
Also i would like to mention that we have been able to market ourselves really well on a global stage, which matters
In Estonia you would have to visit an island every 13 days or so throughout your life.
Brits like to drink tea
The difference could be that they can universally speak Standard Estonian as well so it might influence their accent.
Vienna in Estonian is called Viin, viin also means vodka in Estonian
Also in short it is tänks which sound like thanks
Considering it was the early post-Soviet era, I figure the rates are more or less the same by now.
“We want our workdays to finish at six o’clock ..." As if southern europeans actually do any work
100k+ wages for top specialists pretty much don't exist in Europe
Tired of their whiny-aggressive comments.
I don't see how someone can say ww1 and ww2 didn't have big effect on how UK foreign relations are shaped
And then there are of course the coarser expressions like keppima (sticking), panema (putting) etc
Blue represents the sky above our land, black the soil and our bleak history, and white purity and hard work
Estonian "Viking" raids started earler than Scandinavian ones and ended after Scandinavians stopped being Vikings.
Getting an economy of Estonia on an upward swing is much easier than with a country of some 37 M people.
The country then had new elections, making it both legal and democratic.
Since when does the Spanish government pay Ronaldo and Messi
My mom has spoken a bit about her births - but not to too many details
As did the people who studied homelessness when it became possible after Glasnost.
Basically mixing folk-rock-techno by using old folk songs for lyrics or sampling and ending up with pretty catchy and upbeat songs
Trade often comes with a price.
For better or for worse they do seem to get very different treatment to other people
Of course, in the Baltic states, their previous history of (and experience with) independence might have also made their leadership more willing to root out things such as corruption.
Yeah i know, i've read the comic book version of that story too.
Yay I can see the colors of my country's flag here
IMHO the war was a lot more grey than black and white, Hitler obviously took the cake with his ideas of trying to eliminate an entire race on stupid eugenic principles, tracing bloodlines and whatnot while leaving close friends with Jewish blood who he liked alive so
Germanic people and Balts are ethnically related because both of them are subgroups of Indo-Europeans - this is why Dutch people and Latvians are ethnically related, but neither of them are ethnically related to Estonians
I once went from Estonia to Riga, to Zürich then through Liechtenstein and Austria into Munich
Huge refrigerators that also do other stuff like dispense ice-cubes, water or similar are basically an american thing
pointless
I think it's more about survival and dignity than getting rich, I can guess what wages are there in the Balkans - not very high, and the job isn't that much easier too.
Where the hell did I imply that?
I don't think it's actually far from truth
Winter time benefits for like two months out of the year absolutely do not cover for all the drawbacks throughout those five months
Something is seriously wrong with Germany if they think Russia is more trustworthy than the USA
Ain't one person out there without radical opinions in some aspects.
They are a group that came here as a crime against international law.
Once you're in the parking lot or a store nearby it's more common to avoid eye contact
Likewise, Crimeans have different perceptions about Russia moving in the right direction, with over 90% of ethnic Russians and Ukrainians believing it to be so, but only 33% of Tatars feeling that way.
we have 2 porn stars
It's rather a coincidence that has only been "discovered" later.
Children palatalize these words very strongly so it would be easy to mimick a childish pronunciation.
It loosely shows the borders of the Danish conquest and not the areas of the Rävala and Viru counties, who I'm not even sure did any raiding.
English is way better for scientific texts in my opinion
Podgorica, rest of Montenegro is really nice though
Western Estonia and North-Central Estonia (areas between Tallinn and Northeastern Estonia) have very few Russian speakers
It was one of the coolest subjects imo
But not in the way that I would have to cut the food first.
Not me, my dorm room has no ventilation, last summer during the heatwave I spent days absolutely naked in the room dying because there was no air moving at all
It already is essentially a Nordic country, it's just not a member of the Nordic Council.
Gun go boom, there is a reason why Eastern Europeans talk about the crazy '90s.
We have [two different] national neopagan movements, which are often lumped together.
Old and famous
i suppose the one we do have jokes about is the prime minister, whose only purpose seems to be apologizing for the actions and words of the members of the other ministers
What the fuck is wrong with you?
A Saaremaa islander and a Hiiumaa islander went fishing.
All that is left to do is for Estonia to voice its opinion about leaving and the rest of the former eastern block absolutely will secede from the EU.
(Estonian)
Häid jõule
Im just fascinated on what you base such claims on
And Toronto used to host the biggest Estonian community abroad from about 1960 to about 2000 when Helsinki took over
Edit: Writing this only because you appeared to be following me around Reddit
Yes, of course, but 25% is a pretty big minority.
1 - a quirky person, viewed upon with mild suspicion, but often turns out to be more patriotic than ourselves.
I am pretty sure 90% of people in such conditions only do it because they have no other choice, not because they are "happy" about it
The policemen wouldn't be able to stop him in time.
Tarto and Mulgi have almost died out, but they were strongly influenced by North Estonian dialects, so they were similar enough to understand, but had a very pleasant southern and archaic sound
Indeed, then finally the entire sane world would consider the USSR as an evil imperialist power like they consider Nazi Germany to be today.
You do make 70% of your electricity from those fuels, maybe it gets cheaper for your own people
Yeah, sometimes, but I guess that's included in the previously mentioned categories
Europe is not the continent that is adding the most to this overpopulation, it's Africa, and that's where the fall of the rate must be faster and larger.
I just came
I can't see many people of the agriculture sector moving to Kuressaare either.
I like the wall
Fishing is something everyone has done once, few do it regularly.
Came here to make a porn joke
With land mines, stepping on one would most likely be an instant death or a limb loss
Yep, I think it is madness to build it parallel with sea and through Pärnu, but...
TIL Light beer is something entirely else than what I thought it was
As for nurses, I assume you are absolutely correct though
Like, not a coworker (from another branch of the company even)?
When you are out, you wont pay anymore.
Kuuuurija (moon ivestigator)
We'd place it somewhere between us and Russia…
20th of August (Re-independence Day)
the most important factor for a society?
I'm young and i never lived in the regime
Gosh, I didn't know our situation is so incomprehensible for some people...
You need to add an -s into the end of each word.
Rallienglanti, kyllä. Always reminds me of this
Then they demolished everything that survived the bombing and built commieblocks instead
[Utterly beautiful]
We did something bad but you also reacted bad so ergo you are bad
At least Poland has good roads for drive through and some toilets and gas stations next to roads
Scandinavia (Island, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland & Estonia)
Pretty common, though not among 50+ year old businessmen or similar
I just think it would be easier for you to admit that you have something against EE or being associated with EE
We have purple
If you broaden it up, then Estonia is Northern Europe and Serbia is Eastern Europe.
oh yes every time some tv show character is supposed to be from an obscure country and they pick estonia
they literally smashed the window glass in enough that they could properly open the window, then got in, opened the door from the inside and carried all the good stuff out
Came here to make a porn joke
Honestly I personally just take vitamine D and dream of the summer to come and of the summer that I left behind
Yea for me the estonian looks the most familiar and also the latvian is pretty good
It's the random difference of colour between arbitrary decades that makes the map subjective as it creates a starker difference between Eastern and Western Europe than there actually is.
Otherwise they are extremely cold and reserved
"What a snappy retort," said Fred
We were in a weird situation, because at first came the Soviet occupation who deported over 10 000 people in 1941
* ?-1227 - though there wasn't really an unified Estonian state at the time, so not sure if that counts
At least I can look forward to the summer when I can go with my bicycle or motorcycle
HOI4: Germany
In the primary school pretty much every kid hated Estonian language and Estonian songs and traditions that we had to learn, but now I appreciate that I know such a unique language
we still have plenty of the former while the latter exists here too.
And he always talks about a time in the russian army when a loose propeller cut some dudes head off
Also I'm pretty sure you don't have to be a cynical person to realize that most moral codes large companies follow are designed for PR purposes
With pea soup smetana is optional
There are however many German names for our cities thanks to Baltic Germans
I repeat my point then, if no one can link me whether she supports the abolition of the electoral college, which could potentially have benefitted her as well:
Where
Yeah, ain't nobody going to care when I only buy a pack of gum and want to pay with card.
Then came the Nazi occupation, they oppressed the people who previously collaborated with the Soviets
Even Russian minority in Estonia knows Estonian.
Yes, because you cannot divide seats on the national level to parties that only have >5% on the regional level.
CGP grey made a great video called The Rules for Rulers
Lembitu
I also decided to move that part from my original post, to avoid hurting  people
First, you were not able nor expected to work from home in weekends or beside office hours 25 years ago the way it is now
So that argument precludes that a Nordic country = member of the Nordic Council.
Well, besides russian there's a tiny minority of german speakers and sweadish speakers but the largest minority (excluding russian) is Võro dialect which it self divides into other dialects
It's like people are forgetting that the right to self determination exists in international law and it goes over the national constitution.
Not only, if the public is against something, it doesn't always mean going ahead with it isn't the right thing to do.
In practice ... I have no idea how much anyone saves
So if I'm bringing over a pack of beer cans from Finland, I need to take the empty cans back to Finland to get my deposit money back (stores charge some money for the cans/bottles, which you'll get back once you return them)
Estonia issues ID-cards since 2002
Considering there were also Estonian, Lithuanian and Bolsheviks from any other nation, it always puzzles me why they stick to Latvian Reds, despite there being more of them perhaps.
I would say that a car becomes a necessity in the winter at least in Tallinn.
This is a scary thought
So obviously we had a snowfight in the heat
Said me not giving her much attention (Yeah)
Unlike USA, Estonian citizenship is based on parents' citizenship status, not on being born in Estonia, so location of birth doesn't have nearly as much significance as it does in America
Never heard of that
We have the same system, but it's incompatible with Finnish or Latvian ones, for example
That hurts, well made stereotype I guess.
That's exactly what I'm talking about: "don't interfere with the rights of others" = "are tolerant".
And still they didn't get enough of a majority.
Even if asked to leave them on, most people still wouldn't.
Estonia Nordic confirmed
And Kohtla-Järve also looks very soviet, but I simply forgot about the place or well that it's a town and not an *alev*. As a lot of the pretty old town of Narva was bombed town, this also looks a bit more soviet
coincidentally a lot of the differences between Italian and Spanish he brought up are similar to the differences between Finnish and Estonian.
No we do not have such monument in the middle of capital square
don’t we have enough of those “social liberals” already
Of course we actually had old history books still circulating
And that means both Nazis and Commies are scum and neocons are the good guys, who should be listened
>But it doesn't set the extermination of races as the main goal of its existence
". Jah means yes
Merkel's facial expressions are simply the best
I don't so much think that these people are perfectly morally culpable evildoers because on some level their brain is obviously malfunctioning.
The US and the UK are democratic countries...
It's a place in Southeastern Estonia
I'm not sure what you mean by indigenous - they are just an older immigrant population and therefore a lot better integrated and respected than the Soviet era Russophone immigrants.
I remember some years back one disturbed person attacked by himself our foreign ministry building (or was it some other ministry?) Anyway, in the end he was the only one dead.
They are also somewhat reserved and culturally a bit different from their neighbours
Well
Then when the war for independence broke out both sides of the Narva river remained under Estonian control
In the related Estonian, Finland is called *Soome* and *soo* is indeed "swamp".
I heard  once that during the Tartu peace treaty signing, Soviet officials watched a military march, what they didn't know was that the Estonians let soldiers march multiple times so the Estonian army looked many times larger than it actually was
You just need to leave room for the cars (and they for you) and not endanger the pedestrians
But there's still a Russian threat out there
They can be young or old, men or woman
Right-wing of the social democrats most probably in Estonia.
But they did lose, EVERYBODY knew that once one side gets over the 50% it's a win for them.
I'm not sure about the west, but in east europe everyone still cooks at home, going out to eat is a luxury and home delivery is not very common.
I love baba is you
All Estonians are autistic by international standards :)
Do your research, we have huge "mountains" compared to them =)
oh def, i'd probably be much more cautious there
Do you plan to take a plane or cross the border on land/sea
Amen
I like to think of Estonian as a more simple, sensible and usable version of Finnish.
There is no way that the aliens would attack anything other than the United States
Actually during Covid (summer) it was the first time in
Doors to balconies work the same way as well
that was quite an eye-opening history lesson for me
Same
Except Eastern Europe usually carries a negative meaning, Baltic states don't.
Commies: Let's invade Eastern Poland
In what part of your life has the monarchy actually negatively impacted you
How is the Bible not a fairy tale??
Russia
Over here, it is also very common to drink tap water, buying bottles is somewhat stupid
Let's see
Yes, ignoring reality, that the people living on Latvian land are individuals
> These nutcases tend to whine for some weird reason
Deciliters are very common units here, but I've never even heard of dks-s.
Both names are used
Christianity was only a small part of it
I'm also not the best when it comes to political geography, I apologize :) I was also slightly tipsy when I wrote that
But no, cannabis is "the root of evil" and road to all kinds of different drugs in their eyes
Very mildly if at all
Must be [Kelly Sildaru] by now.
Why would we want Estonians to have six toes like you Latvians do?
Having a spine is not the same as ignoring criticism and obvious problems.
If he has a hand over your shoulder he has 2 0
Finns often consider South Estonian more familiar because it has retained vowel harmony
Ich mag Deutsch, viele Leute sagen, dass Deutsch hart und aggressiv klingt, aber wenn es keine Kriegsrede ist, klingt Deutsch sehr schön!
>Everyone is the same
Only 7 countries have income tax rate of 10% and lower in Europe
Baltics are not threatening you.
tbh it's probably Italy
But more young people have started to smoke (wich is not that good for their brain development)
On this day, 99 years ago, Estonia declared independence!
Lasteaed- child fence (kindergarden)
So it's Estonian
Well considering how small Estonia is, everyone else is huge af
Who says nothing is being done?
- 8 (O) - Hapnik
I like it how the big countries have huge mountains with snowy peaks and then the Baltics have a flat landscape with some forests on it.
Damn you just triggered my memories of watching the Finnish dub of the Digimon movie, which was absolutely horrible.
Are their actions against international law?
Well, still stronger than the Estonian Air Force, I'm afraid.
I'm sure they were proud of being in the same unit with each other and for fighting against the Soviets
Its not about the size of the GDP.
Give us back the lands you stole too.
I am also surprised what did the Aussies do to offend the great glorious leader Putin
There is being principled, and there's being ignorant.
They last as usual from late November to late March-early April
Thats just dumb, that flag was around before communism was a thing, it represents lithuania when it was strongest
But Latvians and Lithuanians are not Slavic, Estonians are not even Indo-European...
3) Our ancestors were freed from slavery 1865
There is such a thing called international law though.
It always suprises me how you guys are so similar in so many ways
It is said that the most dangerous animals in our nature that **will** attack you are female moose and female boars, given that they have a calf or piglets around them somewhere
(I am a phd researcher at the moment and therefore don't count, as this means that it is pretty much my job to be stressed and work fullnighters)
de flesta där lär sig språket för att de har svensk familj, jag har börjat för att min pojkvän var från Sverige.
when we protected Abkhazia, Southern Ossetia and Crimea
These people putting a tank in Narva pointing its barrel to Tallinn has a lot more symbolism for them than just something-something-Nazis.
Denmark are freezing, Scandinavia and Central Europe got properly cold, compared to yesterday;
my 1/4 Finnish, 1/8 Russian and probably originally German ass will happily prove you wrong.
I speak Russian and Estonian, so will go with both
/s By this metric Vatican has the smallest history and Russia the largest
Lots of people got their property back that was illegally taken from them during the Soviet occupation.
These are top paying fields
The whole situation reminds me of a sitcom
Pärnu is the third biggest Estonian city
In the 21st century as well, apparently.
In Estonian they are called *mustlased* ("blackies" or "blacksies", although in the same time meaning something like "dirties"), the PC word *romad* ("Romas") seems like raping the language...
That's not socialism, paying 52% is not socialism IF most businesses are still private.
Siri, what is 'camaraderie'? Why do WW2 vets meet in the West and in Russia
Because Finland has retained an older word.
Europe is an office
Amen, brother
Sotsiaaldemokraatlik Erakond (Social Democratic Party)
They are quite similar in their vocabulary, but they have very peculiar island-specific accents
LOL
My grandmother had them on VHS.
Eesti
Though looking at how people are not happy about Polish politicians at all, it might not help a lot
Even if u are not the resident of that region
You guys are more Slavic than us...
If mainstream Christianity was as conservative as Islam, we would be Christianophobic...
Add tomato salad with sour cream and cottage cheese next to it.
Basically because it supposedly sounds less "Eastern".
when your mouth is hanging open: "Close your mouth, your heart will get cold"
It just means the search 'Russia' returns
Though I imagine the Dutch colonization period was when Dutch still had cases.
There are more of them in Central Europe and the Balkans but things were complicated there and I don't have the expertise to deduce which countries started more because of WWI or WWII or due to mostly unrelated conflicts
Yeah the Teutonic order or better known here as Livonian Order and the Hanseatic League time periods are very fascinatic to study
The Estonian republic existed in Tallinn until the Soviets "liberated" it
Live in EST and my small microchip 4G(mobile) modem can DL 5-6Mb/s a torrent
Well then the names would be Heino, Endel, Ülo, Aino, Linda, Laine
I kinda hope the same but then again I thought the same thing when Trump was elected and when the brexit vote went through
Die deutsche Sprache ist sehr schön!
How can you just snub this [gem]
They built the museum around him
My point stands - How do you integrate a homophobic, mysogynyst Muslim into a gay-friendly, gender equality society without changing either one of the other?
The EU does not have a good environment for starting business that are web-oriented
They’re clean and safe as well, I don’t really know why they wouldn’t be
You lot didn't even bother giving it a proper name did you
I mean we were thaught a bit but it changes so much and honestly the actual part of "doing" taxes doesn't even exist here like it does in the states
That doesn't sound as outrageous as what's in this clip
And it would still be economically stupid as most people wanting to buy a monthly train ticket would *not* want to pay for the additional ferry ticket
Yes, although I would ask first in smaller towns and rural localities.
Estonians say "pärapõrgu" which means something like behind the hell and sometimes even "karuperse" which means a bear's' ass
Or everybody being gay there
Perhaps only in some very crappy summer houses, but if there's a decent enough floor, then it's shoes off.
Its cognate *eit* used to mean "wife" or "married woman", but now is a bit derogatory and means "old hag".
I suppose Chornobyl pretty much sums it up
That time in 1989 when Russians tried to organize an anti-reformist coup during the Singing Revolution and we [remarkably avoided an ethnic conflict]
Fattiehead
Problem is when you get to roads with denser traffic outside the towns - then it's a suicide attempt basically.
> I make 100k. Tax is 60%. My disposable income is 40k
18% for the entire country, probably just above 10% for ethnic Estonians as non-Estonians are [by far]#/media/File:Religious_differences_in_Estonia.png) more religious in the country.
Sadly the Estonian Swedish dialects are all but extinct nowadays, as when the coasts were declared restricted zones after the USSR took over, most of the coastal Swedes were displaced and emigrated to Sweden
But as they say about Estonians: "first you can't get them going, but then you cannot get them to stop..."
Whatever the central party decided that is what the vote was going to be.
From times when I've visited more populated areas in the west, I swear I could smell the difference.
Many Estonians fought in the Estonian SS-division, but they were mobilized there and the Estonian population in general viewed and still views Nazi Germany the lesser of the two evils if compared to the Soviets.
You need a  license  to get one and only in a few specific cases you can carry it around
I don’t think there’s much pressure
It has lagged behind Lasnamäe actually - at least Lasnamäe is being improved, but Väike-Õismäe is already too dense
The interviewer not jokingly, but very seriously then asked her: **"Oh, Estonian is a dialect of Russian, right
We have 101 members for that reason
Because Russian language was not historically widely-spoken in the Baltics, and only became such due to mass immigration of Russians during Soviet occupation, it was just stripped of any status
A massive amount of cartoon network ever since I was 4
It has to be Midsummer or actually the day before Midsummer when Midsummer is actually celebrated, i.e. on Victory Day on 23 June
Estonia, I have seen many, last year there was one german girl in our class.
I did that a lot with my friends who I'll call A and B. I stopped playing it when a 35 year old grown ass man started chasing us
Sült, or meat jelly
Answering to an old post, but in Estonia we strongly distinguish the castles built by the Livonian Order (the later autonomous subbranch of the Teutonic Order that existed in Estonia) and those built by the local bishoprics.
I agree with the first part of what you said, but not the second.
Of their soon ensuing military cooperation in secretly dividing Europe and invading countries together
Of course Russia must keep them alive
Yes but you are mixing up two things here.
If you mean far right, then very small - about 0.2% and even that is rather "nationalist" than anything more extreme.
Nordic countries =/= Northern Europe, baby.
It is a unique language as we have three types of vowel lengths instead of two.
We have it in Estonia
You need to understand that the whole world does not share the same values that the western world does and you are not to say what is right and wrong.
"Justice system" is a man-made concept.
I think if I was growing up there, I'd want to be similarly prepared
What ugly American stereotype though?
Thank you I needed that
>The idea that I could get in trouble for not having any ID when going to buy some eggs is crazy to me
>The Museum of Occupations in [Tallinn] [Estonia] \[...\]   is dedicated to the 1940-1991 period in the [history of Estonia] when the country was occupied by the [Soviet Union] **then** [**Nazi Germany**] and then again by the Soviet Union
With Latvia we share a lot society-wise, just don't mix this up with culture.
In any kind of scandal or "scandal" regarding EKRE, for example if one of their politicions called abortion murder, the media would not go and speak to EKRE politicians themselves
Especially now that almost everything is much cheaper to buy in Latvia(for the geographically uneducated,i live in Estonia)
Well there is reason to be angry about the current standstill, but Latvia and Lithuania are still quite far behind.
Russia wants USA and China to fight each other
Why call yourself a nonexistent ethnicity if you're just a Russian, a well known ethnicity
Pjätt/kull/Tage (and a bunch of regional names for essentially the game of tag)
I applied to the places that were the least expensive options for the amount of money I make- that's why it's kind of a random grouping.
Russia because they've historically been a pain in the ass neighbor for all sorts of reasons, invading, genociding, deporting, looting, blocking trade etc
He later removed me from his Facebook friends list because of my sick views...
I'm sure I'll get those jokes tomorrow.
Every local was asked if they knew who it was and nobody recognized the man
Latvia
This is exactly why I support Rail Baltica, which has become quite controversial in my country
The architecture does seem to be boring.
Right wing in general (as opposed to the center and left-wing) controls 58.4% of the parliament and currently has 49% support.
In fact the whole Latin-America has been leaning left for a while now.
no-one stays in Estonia overnight.
but probably Setomaa, Vana-Vastseliina etc
like seriously this is 3 year old humour
Yeah, the "average" sucks and really doesn't tell us anything.
I havent seen them, or you were talking about me
This might not apply to South-East Asia, but Kazakhstan and even Japan do seem familiar and surprisingly similar
Yet I understand that people all around me are unintelligent and as long as unintelligent people think they are intelligent, we have many problems in the society as these people are easily manipulable.
It depends on a lot of factors, wind especially
So it would be too risky and useless to do an Ukraine here
But somehow once they can't feed them, provide opportunities for them it's our problem.
And what does it mean "as a russian"? That you get your news from government owned channels
It is rather weird to compare Catholic and Lutheran churches, don't you think?
Why so
Lol, you haven't been paying attention to flags outside Europe
Say *cocks taste good* and you have just said "twelve months" in Estonian.
It's always British English in Estonia.
Well in 1945 Russia stole some of our territories in Eastern Estonia and yes there is still a slight dispute.
I feel bad for the Turkish people and the victims of that military conflict if Turkey decides to be serious with this.
It's a nice country, please visit, but you know
Like going to the sauna naked together or not having little changing booths inside the changing rooms
Distinction between unmarried (without headscarf) and married (with headscarf) women most likely.
They may be the cheapest chain, but they are by far the most uncomfortable.
I'm sure a more complicated algorithm could fix that so it wouldn't allow differently declined words next to each other.
Oh yes, [*Bemmi kummid*] ("Beamer's Tyres") was a one song hit by the relatively unknown group 42GO.
As I mention so often here: our long headache is the municipal reform.
Spent the whole day in bed sweating and sleeping
You can also send your own parcel via the machine
Some people are very angry at this, also the greens got a petition through to the parlament, the petition is for legalization of same sex marriage
I keep asking myself, are people just going to flood the streets every time they do this?
I would have posted it, but I couldn't find it either
Didn't you call Estonians "radishes"?
It would be a hell of a job to put all these differences on a single map though.
Better read up some history about the relations, your whole nation should.
I like how Latvians overuse -s suffixes.
Israel is doing what Russia has been doing for a century - importing their population to create a "legitimate" claim for new land.
In a pure cyncial, political sense, isn't a Le Pen presidency better for him and his chances than anyone else?
I really can't say I remember anything from that early childhood.
I didn't really know about that nor have I ever not understood Finnish numbers as they are the simplest thing about the language.
I have friends working in Russian universities and have heard from them these stories.
but probably Setomaa, Vana-Vastseliina etc
Out of curiosity, what do you think the Bronze soldier incident was
Foreigners is a loose concept in Estonia.
Is this one of these computer generated essays?
Have you been to the other islands of the Bailiwick of Guernsey?
luckily at least one of the doors has always opened
there are still a lot of people who speak Russian in the former Eastern Block territories.
The name is the impostor
Could a teaspoon and [soup] spoon really be counted as ancient units of measurement?
Don't get me wrong, Lasnamäe is definitely the worst of them, while [Annelinn] is comparably similar in Tartu
:)))
You are missing the whole point.
But we have seen what you are describing from France and US in the last few years
Made it seem much worse than Al Quiet on the Eastern Front did at least
Right now they don't seem to support it though.
Yeah there's a time and a place for those things, they are called parties and pubs
farm / fin
Even here no theory is really preferred over the others - there are just too many of them and in the end no one really knows.
Ever since my trip to Russia and \~8500 km in a train all together (riding time \~6 full days, longest in one go was 39h), European distances seem
Considering there's always the talk of "single market" in the EU, it's quite ridiculous this wasn't thought through
It definitely has some problems with kids in "elite schools" having a far better chance at getting into a university and country schools having fewer good teachers, but it's not that bad.
But not since 2004 when most of EE members joined, or 2007 when the poorest, Romania and Bulgaria joined.
[If you have time to use Google translate on this page, you should check it out( it also is relevant to the first paragraph)
I personally admire Sanna Marin and I think she is a fantastic leader
So here is that
I went to a grocery store at 8 PM and didn't see a single soul on the 15 minute walk to and from the store.
Nobody should interfere in my interference of others people's lives.
In Estonia we usually visit Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Russia or sometimes the UK
Here are a few
Article 1 of the Constitution of Estonia:
That's not even mentioning how many words just have a a lot more umlaut vowels
The divide itself isn't so big politically as there are far more important ethnic and economic divisions in Estonia.
I don't even understand why are you so hostile out of the blue
Very much so (another Estonian here lol)
if I'm speaking Finnish it will certainly be Tartu and Tallinna
We had a few Russians in our company and more than half turned out to be very decent guys and they learned Estonian quite a lot during that time.
No I still don't have an addiction of it, I just stay awake half the night if I drink more than two glasses of it per day.
German became pretty intuitive and the declension wasn't very difficult.
I don't know, there are indeed lots of feeds from Romania, but most of them (I checked just now) were of people eating and hairdressing etc.
They are a little different in Hungary if I recall correctly and not as popular in Russia.
I had the weirdest day today in Estonia
On the right side of the subreddit (just under the join/leave button) there's a possibility to edit your "flair".
I usually turn my backs on local Russians not speaking Estonian.
So overall there seems to be a very stark dense-sparse Europe divide here, which incidentally means that Western Europe in the narrow sense (Benelux, France, UK) don't usually have cottages and all the others do.
We don’t have much written history from that era, besides a few mentions here and there in foreign chronicles in addition to archaeological findings
I almost feel like this could be someone confusing Estonian with Finnish, since we do say 'näu' at times
Estonia has such a distinction as well, as seen on [this map] (on bottom right), interestingly concentrated to the same geographic area.
You tell me
They think that they are police but no, hence the nickname of "half police" .
And Estonian names mean they're probably from around Helsinki im guessing
Irish more Dublin/Cork accents.
English, despite pretty much every programming class I've taken teaching otherwise
Yea, we have it complicated
Finland: Estonia does not want into Nordic, Estonia just wants to reconnect to its big brother
A bit lower if you live in the countryside or in Northeastern Estonia.
I think much of the money was spent on promotional videos, which used the slogan, but still.
5 out of 6 Estonian MEPs voted for NO
George's Ribbon in particular) that were coopted/marginalized in use by Russian far-right nationalists and different collaborationist terrorists since the start of the war, alongside it's usage to glorify war
They are also partly responsible for the delayed Crossrail in London, due to open in December 2018 but now pushed back to late 2021
Therefore you don't get full-time salary either
That's why we give them away as gifts.
And I don't understand why you need to bring in those fringe side-ideologies here if we are talking about communism in general
Well sure, there are such people in most countries, for example in [Valga] Estonia.
It is possible to choose a good colour scheme without being subjective like the OP was.
If I remember correctly, then the city had a vote whether it would stick to Petrograd governorate or join the Estonian governorate in the late 19th century
You can actually do a lot of stuff using the ID-card through the internet
We have no history nor experience with nuclear power
Tartu would not be the same without university - it has like 17k students with many more working for the university and the service industry around the students.
no gas deals with germany/europe in general
Request for her to lose immunity came from France.
I think that the most typical one could be any of Pärnu, Viljandi, Rakvere, Haapsalu, Võru, Paide
1 news in Estonia right now
Two more false friends
All while these countries were under illegal occupation.
I have visited many islands in Estonia:
They are probably not counted here.
A better synonym would be "Finnic people".
We also fought some Germans and latvians at the south of estonia
By that logic we should exclude all countries we were once one state with
And this has a huge effect on our economy as well.
I had to leave a bit early because I had other plans and it took me at least 15 minutes to find an exit
Can't be a fool, son, what about the long run
Slightly more relevant than the Soviet Union being one of the two countries that started the very same war
Technically, Finland "has" them ;)
>actively work with FAX machines
I've done the train journey to Latvia as well, but it's a hassle and definitely not worth it from Tallinn
You would immediately become the worlds hated country if you did that as you would be a threat to everyone
I mean, at one point I had more of my ancestors in Siberia than in Estonia...
So he had more of a mixed ethnicity
In  not as corrupt countries this is how they greet you if they think you sell weed
Sült, or meat jelly
You guys should really open yourself to tourism more (that you already started with the visa-free lists), I think it will bring you tons of money with just a little marketing
The same way you could show the Baltics as part of Northern Europe, so this map is just ridiculous.
E.g. I find Paldiski to be much uglier than towns like Narva or Sillamäe. Many towns by lake Peipsi look poorer than them
The miserably common one that we're not a part of Russia
Atleast you have a reason to come here now except to buy cheap alcohol so that's an improvement
Estonia has no mountains like Scandinavia, nor wide rivers like Latvia, which is why we're in a much worse position when it comes to competitive hydroenergy, compared to our neighbours
ahahaha Latvia is brown, not even mad that we are small, because Latvia is brown :D
You are talking about might have beens.
have you considered calming down?
Have to fill those dark winter days somehow..
So Italy, Greece could have just turned around the refugees at the border then, if their authorities wanted to do so?
I do take [these trips] with trains in Estonia though.
*Hallitus* is "government" in Finnish, but "mold" in Estonian ;)
And I feel horrible even below -10°C.
They weren't from Estonia though.
Then the Germans came, obviously not giving a shit about Estonia's independence, but they didn't repress Estonians nearly as badly.
Later Belgium, then the Netherlands back to Belgium and eventually the first time I had to show my ID card was when boarding a ferry in Calais
Maybe if you have a flat inherited from grandma and spend money on nothing other than food, it's doable
I haven't heard any yet, and I really need a good laugh
As it is now, there does not actually exist any real possibility for us to be accepted as Nordic.
In Estonia we have only Estonian as a language but it has many accents
Sort of not worth the comparison if you look into their history.
Social media platforms are constantly gamed with stuff like bots.
It's not about upsetting, it's about clarity.
I'd be fine with the humour if he wasn't so ambiguous about his real ethnicity.
It shouldnt, its oir secrect language
" and the other will reply "needed
Have to ask, t's difficult to tell these days.
>Blame the politicians and goverments who pushed this shit through, not the the EU
It's just now the leading party got serious alternative and other parties want part of the action.
When I was in Spain and on train from Madrid to Malaga, there was an ad on the tv about poor african kids who flee to Europe, get great education and become happy people, underlaying message of the ad was obviously - "look at those poor african kids, lets bring them over here and save them
If there's no snow on Christmas, then it cannot be the coldest winter ever.
I mostly learned by watching Cartoon Network and playing Runescape though.
Then there was the Albania round
Pretty sure, it’s the same
Who says Russia would occupy entire Europe?
house
Her god damn pointy ass nose and her hair (Kersti Kaljulaid)
Big corruption scandal and our prime minister resigned because of it
instead of "give an example" we say "bring an example", since thats how it's said in estonian
Isamaa (Conservative Party)
Yay
I think to random foreigners it is very difficult to make [Estonian] and [Finnish] apart.
Yeah it's rare, but I remember a few cases like that.
I was just in Tallinn recently and was surprised how many signs/ads/etc there are in Finnish, especially near the port
And if you run out, you're either shit at planning or have already had too much
The temperature feels amazing but it's hard to use your brain
What are you celebrating on Halloween exactly
Sadly, getting anywhere from Estonia by train is a hassle - you can't even buy a train ticket from Estonia to anywhere outside
Tiny Estonia beating every other nation combined with this.
How much this "news" has been spreading in the last few days is ridiculous.
Russians have more than 800 tanks in Kaliningrad alone.
At times it has felt that most of my peers even have been to Palanga.
How does the US glorify its 20th century imperialist history?
* Ei
Well, it's 120 in Estonia actually
Least favorite: Italian and French
[*Tangerines*] was great and what a beautiful soundtrack!
There have also been several discussions during different time periods about who and on what conditions could get these lands back etc and some have managed to get something I believe
In other words, we have "no sex and no future".
Interestingly even Estonian, which isn't even an indo-european language, kinda has this same similarity
Depends on the Russian region but PPP wise it isn't far off.
One way to get rid of Lukashenko is for his commanders and government to lose all trust in him
Add to that the fact that they have no real power anymore so it comes with few benefits that outweigh the negatives
Don't forget Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, as of now, still in Europe.
The analogy is supposed to be just as stupid!
Latvia
So it is possible to fit into a government program.
So it is not so old: even if you're a schoolkid atm, your grandmother was alive when those rich Germans left for Germany from Estonia
Probably missed some
Besides english, studying 2 more languages are mandatory in school, options are: russian, german, french and finnish.
It has some effect, but really not that much.
A bit more loose concepts like "the West" may include former socialist countries, but definitely not in everyone's mindset.
high tax, low wage
>Black represent dirt iirc
And honestly I always hated that we started so early, I had to wake up at 6:00 to get to school
Christ, people have gone insane..
What if the shitpost is about the fact that someone doesn't have his/her flair as an option?
You never used it as a national flag since the beginning of the 20th century, but only as a state flag (which is a secondary category)
Known regional politics includes Tallinn and Tallinn alone.
What about the [war in the 20ties] What about the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact?
Should [a slice or an entire loaf of] bread fall to the ground, you are supposed to give it a kiss.
It's not like we have them [here]
We need closer economic and political cooperation with Taiwan
Even with higher prices
That was my actual account
Problem is - barely any of those movies were shown on the western side of the Iron curtain
well, but the whole idea of a sauna is to be hot, I don't think it would feel comfortable to drink an ice cold beer in the sauna
It's widespread opinion that kids back then used to behave a lot better, because spanking was acceptable then.
Since when has Finland owned the Estonian islands
It really depends on the concept.
tsast*
It's no wonder, most of the social situations are the same and most countries have proverbs about them in one form or another.
People are "angry" at China for suppressing the language, culture and traditions of their minorities, such as Uyghurs and Mongols, but Russia has been doing it for centuries and nobody bats an eye
There is a right of organization you know.
Because sometimes there is a reason to stress it out.
But pretty strictly only in the hallways
Not only English but pretty much the whole world
They are going to work abroad so they too can go to another country to buy alcohol
I had English classes in kindergarten when I was five and I was already learning through Cartoon Network anyways.
I've been there twice and I'd like to go again, too much of a shy kid the previous times
For example Hear, here, ear, hair all sound the same to me.
Maybe my weather map is pessimistic, the canadians think wind isn't that big a factor, three degrees warmer
Also mediterranean weather would be nice too
It's easy to think that each wave of occupations drastically changed our gene pool, but there's really no [historical] scientific basis for such claims.
The best roads were in Western Poland tbh
I feel like I'm in some game
*Ai!* or colloquially also *aia!*
We have the same negative reaction based on how Southern Europeans act.
No data has suggested that there was ever a permanent Scandinavian population in Estonia before the Livonian Crusade.
The society may be similar, legal systems even, but it's not like you are culturally closer to Sweden than to Estonia..
Same fix as mentioned above
Even Helsinki is more similar to Riga than Tallinn
Northern Europe has had a very warm winter so far.
If you went to the Netherlands or Northern Italy or Switzerland, you'd probably find a lot more foreigners among their ancestors.
It is just that the other things (we Russians are the master race and soon our rightful rule in this little shithole of a country will be restored with these tanks) are something they know not to say to the journalists.
Quite a crazy person you are...
If you have 15 days, then choose an area and stay around there.
No telephone shopping, no TV shopping
I actually like ours a lot, it looks like a frazzled flag in the wind
Pea, õlad, pepu, põlved, varbad, põlved, varbad
And the smell, and the Russian youths throwing the shells everywhere...
State comptroller and the chancellor of justice for example.
**Reddit user /u/DassinJoe sets new record named /u/DassinJoe**
And it's not like nothing is being done - we surpassed the 2021 agenda quite quickly - in 2015.
Yeah, and its usage is fine in certain contexts dealing with such issues, but not in other contexts.
I really can't imagine "Eastern Europe" ever forgiving another Western betrayal.
I myself have been sent to science camp 3 times
As a Standard Estonian speaker it is almost impossible to understand what is being said in Seto.
Doesn't mean life is better there
They started building them in 1912 and were mostly built during the Interwar era.
I personally feel Europe would be better off under Russian rule.
If people at other tables can hear what you're talking about, then you're a dick.
With some of the best neighbors in the world, the one in the East nonwithstanding.
Don't worry - none of the Estonian-Finnish translations match :D
Estonian language is very suiting for beautiful music.
Hungarian has 18, Finnish and Karelian 15, Estonian 14
Our [extremely] derogatory term for [Soviet-minded] Russians - *tibla* - most likely comes from late 19th - early 20th century Belarusian construction workers from Vitebsk, who were called *tipski*.
Ja nüüd sa maksad selle eest, kuradi idioot.
koristama: est
First of all, speak for your own country, and secondly, it's really all about lack of regulation
But temperatures below -20C are usually considered somewhat newsworthy
The only difference is that we don't have breaks longer than 20 minutes and as in the 11th grade we have 7-8 lessons we usually end around 15-16
The former name of Kohila borough, "Kapa-Kohila", is used in Estonia to name any random [backward] place or just "middle of nowhere" in Estonia.
Where are you from
The event was so remarkable that the story was kept alive for millennia among several nations until it could be written down
Seldom used and it refers to all Americans, not just the one side in the Civil War.
In Estonian culture, this is considered a bro move
Of course with the US and with the New World in general it can be even more nuanced as most Italian Americans are Anglicized peoples and speak American English as their native language and they have retained varying levels of Italian culture
As far as foreign rulers go, the times hanging with you were some of the best times, thank you for trusting the locals
Obviously with family it's completely ok to go naked to sauna
Estland
The real question then is, what will Turkey be like in the future if evolution continues in other countries.
Also horses were used for artillery
Confirmed cases, rolling 7 day average, per million people
That's really cool
Indeed, they let in too many simple mistakes that people actually knowledgeable in geography wouldn't.
To get proper ancient the names must have meaning in estonian
Looking at the most common route, taking a train for \~200km is \~10€ if you buy full price and \~7
Very few exist in Estonia with only Southern Estonians and Islanders having a slight variation.
Russia is not being invaded by anyone.
What do you then call the encompassing group?
WW1 and WW2 reference
One was a true stereotype though - with a Stalin's picture as his computer wallpaper and agitating other Russians to not get along with Estonians.
That point being it encourages the people
> stop blaming the Soviets
That's totally different perspective
Spanish - albaricoque
Everyone has them for certain, it's probably just more polarized in countries where same-sex relationships were allowed only recently.
Do you know that there are some countries in this "Eastern Europe" where you have mere thousands of immigrants from?
Many Northern Europeans own a cottage somewhere in the countryside, be it a former or current farmhouse of your grandparents, a house somewhere past the suburbs of a bigger town or in the outskirts of a small village or a modern log cabin in the middle of nowhere.
I have no idea what is written there
Of course we have McDonald's, but also [Babyback] and [Mack Bar-B-Que] The latter have very tasty barbeque, but huge portions for my taste.
Both were murderous criminal regimes!!
I use it every week
[like this]
That's how Estonians developed a national skill of saying things between the lines and that skill is still somewhat apparent in the modern world.
It was so during the Livonian Order, the Swedish and the Russian era.
I didnt get many robo-calls but I did get UK based call centres ringing and asking for the homeowner
Of course we actually had old history books still circulating
> pretty small city
Our country history and alot of Russias history.
Though whitebread is not bread at all.
It is actually an older name for a little railway village (borough) [Kohila] in Estonia
You are a sick brainwashed person!
I as a native speaker can of course say it's simple, but no idea how eventually intuitive it is for others.
Question to Moldovans - why do you still care about this region?
I have hard time finding any of those "Many people like myself" people here.
This was exposted to /r/bestof which has a lot of subscribers and they flooded this thread
Yeah, you can find pictures [here] Black bread used to be of very poor taste as it lacked quality ingredients.
I think we pretty universally like [our flag]
Hiiele
I've never understood why people care what happens to their dead body.
Second - Europeans are more frugal than americans (this is broad generalization, I get it)
Accent should still be reserved for foreign language intonation influences.
Our previous president was born in Sweden
There are no proofs that you would find acceptable.
South Estonian beer tastes like someone added jam into the barrels.
Right now we have +4 with snow, with 0 at night
The army does the "finding time" and "discipline" parts for conscripts whether they like it or not.
Well Toronto does have the biggest Estonian population outside Estonia ;)
More likely 3€+
But a coup is orchestrated by a small group, while a revolution is orchestrated by the masses.
>I doubt you would’ve said it’s "embarrassing" if anti-independence won by a slim majority
They should be kicked out of Nato, any cooperation with EU, be heavily sanctioned and not allowed to start a process of rejoining until they kick Erdogan and his cronies out of the offices and get back on secular, democratic path
I'd imagine the Kremlin then labeling Ukraine an aggressor and warmonger.
Australian translation: Welcome to Balkans, mate
Well yeah, I never claimed it wasn't. Just remarked on how it's a pretty small one
I don't know about any big Skype offices with hundreds of employees  in Sweden
Germany - Saksamaa (derived from Saxony)
Also tbh, 0.05% of our contribution is not even pocket change for the entire NATO budghet.
More is just more, it can be both better and worse, depending on the situation.
Dunno, in university it seemed better in my time, but I have no kids going to school, so maybe this is just as bad in schools still
That's what I've been thinking about Brexit as well
In this generalized context we all are.
No, you can visit them with an EU ID card, until the UK stops allowing them
If you want to group the continent into east and west, then certainly.
Oh gosh, this argument that "the US is not a democracy, it's a [constitutional] republic"...
But if you ask broad questions you can easily find precise answers to on Wikipedia, then you're gonna get sarcastic, yet still helpful answers ;)
Estonia has a large Russian minority.
I'd think over here we all know it's a country, but for some reason I always thought that the language has been gone for centuries by now
Quick google search shows that drinking age of 20 in Scandinavia is only for strong alcohol
Municipal police or mupo, we call them half police, because they check tickets on buses and trams and they act like they have the power but they can only give tickets
That does not make it cavalry
You asked "what can you do about it?" - I answered.
I am still waiting for some left-wing movement, that will address the fact that not all migrants in Western Europe adopt progressive values and there more and more of them, so they have their own closed communities now where they live more by their rules.
Most of the time and most of the people, yes
Thinking people with knowledge of history.
In my childhood, it was actually ham OR cheese, only rich snobs would put BOTH on one bread
In Crimea's case, if anything, the legal argument is much stronger, as Crimea used to be Russia and was transferred to the Ukraine by the USSR, a decision that the Russian parliament annulled..
But that's given to a Finn automatically, by hearing their accent
Nobody really claims that Saudi Arabia is any better than Iran, it's just that their geopolitical stance is sort of opposing.
It's a Russian expressing a mainstream view in Russia about what the EU should be in his opinion
Which probably cooperate with Eurostat.
Besides Tallinn itself it is most likely Pärnu in Southwestern Estonia.
Same
Do you happen to know any instances of Estonians persecuting Estonian-Russians?
* 'Supper' when referring to dinner, I have only seen people referring to 'fish supper' (fish and chips)
Classic collective fear reaction to bullying.
That may not be as Italy has also reached their capability for tests per day
Russians depended on loans from the western governments.
Same thing happened in Sicily, Palermo
It has no real functions
>  so what's wrong with making it mandatory
Quite uncommon, I'd say about 25% or so of my acquaintances have one
It depends on the area
you make a small change in intonation or a barely noticable break between the two parts that make up the word
But imo it's mostly national pride for fighting for an winning independence during war in 1918-1920
Usually it makes no difference
30% men smoke, 20% of women smoke
Slavic languages are difficult.
my granny lives near the border and casually goes grocery shopping in latvia
Put them in camps where they are until you can determine who they are.
I think *kalevipojad* has become more common nowadays
They turn into black husks staring and smiling into the nether.
Here are language samples why one might think Standard Estonian is even closer to Finnish than to some of these Southern Estonian dialects:
Railways ever built/used or current ones
Otherwise Estonians in Tallinn are pretty liberal as well.
They also often have more kids than the general population
Our presedents have always dressed casually when they are not attending any ceremonies.
I used to go eat lunch at this now closed diner in central Tallinn and there was always one table of 2-4 guys, who were all in suits and drank 1-2 beers for lunch and stayed there for quite long
They're more common in the younger generations
Cost 1€ per ride, available in Tallinn and Tartu only
Nothing is stopping you from negotiating shorter work weeks with employer
Yes I work and have a social life.
I write a hybrid style too
Probably depends on the size of the home population too.
Damn Scots, they ruined Scotland!
I think I have seen everything now
Am I right
Least favorite: Italian and French
Pronouns don't really count as several languages (including English) have archaic pronoun declension (she -> her).
It has been running since 1993, making it the longest running Estonian TV series by a long shot with a total of 24 seasons and 681 episodes.
[Apparently, Sweden and UK have similar passenger modal share, almost twice that of Finland, but UK has a lot more total passenger-kilometers (a factor of ten more) than sweden, as well as more rail network distance per area]
Shut up and [live happily with the Soviet Army!]
So, no I have no nostalgia whatsoever
Especially people in the countryside and the older folk.
No, at least as far as I know
>Like, how did proto-Iranian loan words creep into Finnish independently from other Indo-European languages
People just remember when they were young and they often remember their relative status in society.
AS A BABY gottem
It"s just the reality of political scene in Ukraine
Estonia has met the 2% target since 2012.
Baltic Waffen-SS (which have very little to do with actual SS except for the name) units were literally declared to be innocent of any war crimes during the Nuremberg
Surprised that nobody in Eastern-Europe, especially Belarus and Russia, has a Russian car as the best selling car.
We don't have any basilicas, but cathedrals are used here as well, although the word *toomkirik* ("Dome Church") is also common for old Lutheran churches as *Dom* means "Cathedral" in German, i.e.
look, poland has a lot of civil unrest, believe me guys!
Id pick Germany in a heartbeat
They are out and loud about it, while we are just quietly judging.
When on TV, I don't remember who but some celebrity was asked where she is from
UK cuz they helped us in our independence war
Like freedom their whole company down.
>Inglehart-Welzel cultural map
The result is that "foreign" cans/bottles are usually not returned at all
How old are you now
We're
Jõehobu(river horse)=hippo
We also have to carry responsibility because instead of solving our pollution problems we just exported those to China
A type of farmhouse called "rehielamu", which combines rooms for drying and threshing crops with living quarters under the same roof
I played it and it was great
Both are mostly restricted to rural and less educated people though.
Estonia is similar, jealousy is "kadedus"
Only thing missing is a stein of beer from Weihenstephan
Much more difficult to integrate or assimilate if you with your own people all the time in some big city.
This reminds me
Maybe I'd suggest Latvia
Yeah, same vice-versa
Be careful not to put any ships into water.
But for that I would have to meet my soulmate within the next few years, which seems quite impossible since I’m so focused on my career
For me optimal temperature is 25-30 degrees, so I was fine with that
There is a near endless list of reasons to believe in a deity that goes well beyond intelligence.
Hell, I think most of the Germans alive today probably had nazis somewhere in their family tree, but nobody goes around actively praising them and neither do they go around denouncing them because it seriously doesn't matter
And their projects are financed.
The horror
The most frequent comment used to be ''kaksteist kuut' from Erasmus students
We have a crossroad in Estonia where there's a sign - 2 km to Tapa city (Tapa means kill) and 21 km to Loobu village (Loobu means give up)
Siri, what is 'camaraderie'? Why do WW2 vets meet in the West and in Russia
Damn covid
Well, yeah the independence part is misleading
They haven't turned, net neutrality has always been under fire in europe as well, people just don't pay attention
>Kaunas Fortress is the remains of a fortress complex in Kaunas, Lithuania
My service rifle was the Israeli [Galil AR]
> Some don't mind having a family of 4 in a 20 sqm space because they're not you
Secondly, even if I'd agree that the government of Estonia should have started transition much earlier, would that justify just abruptly shutting down most of Estonia's electricity production, which will be replaced by just-as-dirty Russian imports
Uuuh, i was close
[\[36]
Few examples from Estonian:
One suicide in Vatican would put its suicide rate at 100 in 100 000
Like, stepping in a restaurant and shouting
Well, yeah the independence part is misleading
the USSR joined the war after Germany invaded them
He lived in Ukraine, studied in Ukrainian university and speaks Ukrainian.
It is that rare event
- 7 (N) - Lämmastik
I literally can run faster than 10km/h.
Terrorism never solves anything.
I think our state's motto should be "thank God for Mississippi making us all look better"
Of course we hate russia when they're sending their goddamn spies in our countries and kidnap our people to get their agent back
You wanted to mess with outsiders learning your language so much, you screwed yourself
Now explain to me how the far-right is not doing well electorally?
Germany
Russia: We are sorry for all the idiots who think that everything from the east sucks
After Estonia split from the Soviet Union there were about 400
Baltic German dialects were indeed a separated subgroup of the Lower German dialects.
Yet you need a stable supply and that is where the on-demand sources come to play
What is "culturally Eastern European" about Estonia
glad you've been fine otherwise - I think all of us ignore the drunkards.
It goes even further as Votic is more intelligible to Standard Estonian speakers than some South Estonian dialects like Võro and Seto.
Neither Estonians, nor Swedes are Baltic peoples.
This
Are they natives just as you, even though they follow the culture of the Middle East?
So much has changed since then.
No, I can confirm your interpretation
, they're even underrated in Estonia
I personally am very affected by Riga, so I go there once or twice a year.
I think European integration went overboard when Eurovision was introduced.
if your neighbouring country has cheaper grocery stores, you can save a decent amount by just shopping there
You can't categorize things without providing a rationale you know..
Estonians, Russians, Ukrainians, Finns etc.
It's as stupid as thinking that if I'm against poor road conditions, I'm suddenly against having roads altogether
Finland, Sweden, UK, Germany and Norway are most popular destinations
Doesn't germany have the most beautiful old architecture
You have very limited time in real life, this is why people do not always consider the rational choices.
Feminists: *eternal silence*
Literally the same in Estonia with Estonians and Russians
For example about the whistling thing, someone didn't like their child whistling indoors, so he/she made up a story about the house catching fire.
Once, immigrants, always immigrants - whether legal or illegal, whether good or bad.
Like 80 year old grannies survive here but some rather risk with war, than live in cold.
>There is a lot of details lacking from google maps
- 51 (Sb) - Antimon
"Athens will either default on its debt this summer and be forced to quit the eurozone, or Berlin will accept debt relief just a few months before the elections."
When you lose all your keys, you go crumbling down with your system
It isn't a good one, it creates conflicts, allows no trust and no cooperation, and pushes your neighbours only further and further away
Maybe we could give you some that are currently not inhabited
It shouldnt, its oir secrect language
Appearing almost universally to ethnic Russians and to mainstream Estonians it's sort of a no-go party if it comes to voting.
Low blow but you succeeded for me
Selliseks rajuks, mis pühib su haleda elu siit maa pealt minema.
There's absolutely no win for Europe that way, the environment won't benefit but European economy will suffer (and our competitors will benefit)
I have even brought out the topic that maybe I should also pay something but will immediatley get shut down
(Almost universal) Free healthcare
There is a very clear distinction between long time capitalist and long time socialist countries here.
kukkki (even the rooster),
It's a right thing to complain about though.
Honestly I personally just take vitamine D and dream of the summer to come and of the summer that I left behind
I would mostly blame our stupid government on it, considering they should have seen it coming, but EU's "let's set an example for the rest of the world with how commited we are" while rest of the world is not following, is a real problem that can have real negative impacts on us
A couple of residential houses but you can hardly tell
If it's casual, like a friend or family, I say "Jah
the first one i could think of is Kapa-Kohila
Slavery was also historical event that had enormous impact
Would and could are different things.
But for identifying you in post office, bank, police station - basically anything governmental or financial - it's a must have to identify you
It's called degressive proportionality.
The attendants usually drink a lot of beer, especially if more people attend (i.e.
Because we are talking about a hypothetical pan-Nordic culture.
But radioactive zones aren't always *that* dangerous and doubt there is that much of a quick change in the threat level once you're past the sign
Wait what people do that
There are also some without the jam.
If we go for Slovakia then I would love to add poultry to list
I do wish though that we would cut energy dependence on Russia
A foreign policy victory is exactly what an imperialist dictator needs to get internal attention away from the troublesome economy.
These things have happened in US history before.
The only gift they'd be getting is my water pistol
Bubble gums that had tattoos or stickers in their wrapping
Like rent and prices might be okay and in balance but no way you're going to afford a 80€ hotel room when you're making 400€ vs when you're making 1900€.
This is paradoxical because the government gets to decide what is and what isn't fake news.
And population density seems to be they key word in lots of people having summer cottages.
We saw how people react to these changes in France
In my definition it is ethnic cleansing if it's done by ethnic group.
Under the Falange/Movimiento Nacional governments hundreds of thousands of people were executed.
I get the need to label the "three similarly looking countries on a map that were occupied by the Soviet Union" together, but using the term "Baltic" for it is sort of misleading as it is used for an ethno-linguistic group and it creates an impression of a general similarity between the countries which just isn't true.
But are there Europeans, who have never been to the seaside?
With land mines, stepping on one would most likely be an instant death or a limb loss
(2) Weapons and ammunition shall be carried covertly and in a manner which prevents their loss or entry into the possession of another person, as well as causing accidental damage
That you have to own a reflector
Universal, not free
Arm= scar/ mercy/ love
uhhh Kerli from the pop scene maybe
What about you though
Estonian sounds nothing alike to Russian or any other Indo-European language for that matter, yet there are always people, who make stupid assumptions.
Võro is very difficult to understand and Seto is basically alien for me.
Opposing NATO in a time when the US is strengthening the Baltics against someone in the East doesn't seem reasonable...even though De Gaulle did withdraw the military from NATO command during the Cold War.
It needs to be done to keep wolf, boar populations in check.
Dude I don't even have a religious relative...
Well sure, most Americans I presume are very mixed.
Ever
"Nobody complains about immigrants being on welfare in Spain, because Spanish government benefits are pretty scant.
That's surprising, it's such a minor thing here it is barely mentioned in TV sportsnews let alone anywhere else
In reality all sides can commemorate, in Estonia German side gathers near Sinimäed, Soviet side used to gather in downtown, now they gather in the military cemetery due to a infamous Bronze Soldier
Tbf Hollywood alone has been vital in spreading the exposure of English far across the world
I think it's great that the head of the state is also a human being.
Võro currently has 90k speakers here, võro sounds a bit like finnish actually
And you made a mistake in your first sentence as you applied your logic on an imperialistic dictatorship.
After 2007 we have become pretty good defending against misinformation and cyber attacks
I think maybe that's only because you have too many trains
Teekanne Green Tea with Orange and Ginger
He kindof has been for years
Unless the EU grows a spine for dealing with the refugee crisis, for instance, we're going to see more Brexit-like events in the future.
Why do the Swedes get the spotlight?
Historically the period under the Swedish Empire is literally still called "the good Swedish time" here centuries later
Being religious makes a person at least a bit unintelligent.
Yes
You take a ferry to Sweden and from there to Germany
I think that one's actually true isn't it
There are lots of Aados, Aadus and others in all ages
I don't think it applies to all old buildings and it does apply to quite some new buildings as well
oh def, i'd probably be much more cautious there
[Respect of Stalin] is also growing.
Sweden is like Soviet Union that used to deny that they have any flaws, any crimes, any cripples.
I think in sports we actually don't have any friendly rivals - we just don't seem to care as much.
So see ... it was Nazis and Commies doing the invading and the democracies are guilty of not stoping them
–o–
Your granddad sounds great
Your country still has rules for them to not be able to use this information against you.
I took [this] picture after finishing work today.
There's a folk legend that Riga will sink
I checked satellite images ) There is quite a lot of nothingess in Finnmark
There is The Empty North
But even so, only one (the french one) can be interpreted as threat of aggression and others are quite vague.
The train tickets will cost more than airplane tickets.
You too, Brutus" and Brutus was having this inner monologue "he's getting on my nerves with this "You, too Brutus", one day I'll show him". They had many real-life moments integrated in to the stories
What's worse - it's now even always nice winter with bright snow and nice frost
Sometime during WWI he was forced into the Red Army where he mainly built bridges and when he finally got back to his home village in what must've been 1947 or so most of it had all been destroyed so he went to live in Northwest Estonia
Life is so sweet and nice
[This immediately comes to mind] Jokes aside I did notice a crazy amount of different types of beer glasses in Flanders when I was there
I think Croatia might be Trans-*[Istria]
> if the Russians did not stop them
Actually the colors really dont have any meaning, its just interpitation also a petition for lithuania to use their old grand duchy flag
The horror
We would have lost [one county] out of 15 to Russia if our counties had more rights...
But I've done it a bit as we have a border town with Latvia and they actually have made the schedules match, so you can take a train to Valga, then hop off and in the same tiny station hop on the Latvian trains and get to Riga
Local Coca-Cola branches make their versions of local products all around the world.
First thing I read about Rinne’s goverment was - they are gonna raise social spending
maybe you should too, then you'd know why I'm actually learning the language ;]
Of course it was a traumatic experience, but he didn't lost his child.
Yay
- 29 (Cu) - Vask
I'm not sure if relevant, but the Baltic Sea is not that salty really.
Western Europe has barely any effective mechanism for bringing the uncivilized to civility anymore.
"Marshall plan" implies a willing, functioning government, how many African countries actually have those?
Oh, these are good too, just in my town the ground pumps seem to be the most popular variation
No political force in Estonia advocates a referendum to join Russia nor is any major party against the EU membership.
There are also US military bases, like Ramstein in Germany.
Well London and Dublin are among the most notoriously expensive cities in Europe for housing
Can someone here tell me how to idle a car, it starts driving right when I turn the key
Considering that football in Estonia is more popular among local Russians, who dominate the national football team, I will remain skeptical...
You must have very skewed idea about what culture is, if you think it excludes what societies have in common.
Don't worry, we cannot be friends with our government anymore.
The evangelical-conservative right sounds like a party built on distilled hysteria.
See= this
this is pedantic as fuck
Juncker may drink too much, but he's a democratic leader!
Identity is such a complex issue anyways, we can't even always find any reasonable justifications for it
Latvia
The European People's Party did win the plurality of votes in the EU Parliament elections.
Estonian:
BTW Estonians feel _less_ happy than people in Russia, that is telling.
English and Dutch
Only the best choirs get ti sing there and almost everyone can sing along to the songs
But you made it sound like we actually have guns on the streets
Just too much bad history with them ://.
Older people and also rural middle aged people usually don't speak any English.
In general there's a lot more similarities between us than there are between Estonians and Hungarians that's for damn sure
I recommend degrees that will allow remote work
Who is worst, Le Pen or Fillion?
Nearest parking lots can be quite far and there are only enough legal parking spots on the street
I am usually called a shortened version of my name but from my dad I've gotten "Mees metsast" (man from the forest)
Well, there aren't that many people who would travel to work this far daily
op is from slovenia
, they're even underrated in Estonia
The rest of the country was rather boring, but we did just drive through the rest of it.
pisi: est
want to disagree considering they stamped my passport when arriving in and leaving Albania, but I'm definitely not the expert.
[Võro] is still spoken and it can be a little tough for Standard Estonian speakers to understand, while [Seto] is even more different and is very difficult for Standard Estonian speakers to understand
And all the new tourists we would get
Also, a clue into the origins of Estonians and Finns might be in linguistics
I think it's fairly likely that most of us are more efficient at spending that money than Russia.
Igaunija (that's how latvians call this country)
Russian - Абрикос (abrikos)
As you said, Estonia fulfills the obligation to NATO, and still Newt Gingrich says that he is not risking "over some place which is the suburbs of St.
Every year the administration orders a new research where trams would work great, turns out we can have trams everywhere in Tallinn and beyond and then we wait for the next research
From your source our one is Liis Lass :D
Not block, but not cooperate in such conferences with someone, who is essentially worse than Hitler.
Without a price mechanism, it's impossible to rationally allocate resources.
> Russia is more trustworthy than the USA
wait the drying rack isnt a thing everywhere (not even in europe
Wow, I can't believe that removing the legend actually made it better!
"Dry Goods Tom Taylor MCMLXII registered trademark no 957 872"
Wind turbines generate electricity when the wind is blowing and do not generate when it is not
They usually are about how Finns are slow and dumb alcoholics
"The Reform Party is bad, because we are not as rich as Finland" sort of people...
I love German answers
Maybe it goes to jungle in Europe and Greenland after, in the long term, or just dead
"American wines are better" is irritating for the whole Europe
You could spot him from a mile away, especially in autumn/winter
Same in Estonian Valgevene
All of this happened post war(NSFW)
Estonian trucks tend to honk to Estonian cars as well
Grenade attacks are not a common occurrence in other European countries.
I'd agree if i Were a citizen myself
In my own universe, I would merge philosophy and religions into one subject and make in compulsory for \~2 years, aged 14-16
It is not often a question of choices
I doubt it, probably the case everywhere, we have major corruption scandals too, dogshit government, the full English breakfast
In the modern times most sources indeed seem to bring the Urheimat a lot more west.
OMG
Serbs deserved Kosovo to be taken away, there's the difference.
There is a lot of flairless users, few of them posters of /r/europe, but a lot of them not and posting mainly in far left subreddits
Especially as it was a very spontaneous trip and I really didn't know too much about Portugal before that
Most of the English media is in American English so we might speak a mix of the two.
Dirol and Jenkki are common aswell.
We have more french and british troops here and as for the question it makes us feel a bit safer
I stopped playing it when I for some reason froze while I was running and was hit
Plenty of Russian-owned corner stores in Estonia, but they usually don't sell food brought in from Russia, just general food available in Estonia.
Nobody understands that we are sooo unique :(
Didn't expect that all
Let me get it straight - do those islamic idiots really think that an airport and air traffic is run via a public website?
Be them as well respected as they are, they are still an immigrant population in Estonia.
Looks like you dropped an n there, buddy
I think the Baltic's in general are sort of in a 'rivalry'. Kinda but not really
This is one of the differences between UK and US English
but usually most of your salary goes to rent, food, clothes,  and it's growing more if you have a family or kids
It's totally fine to discuss for both our own (K. Päts) and foreign, i.e. Soviet and German dictators
Latvia when sober
Hey, Soviet Russia was Orwell's main inspiration for that concept
Too few people understand this.
Spanish too is a Romance language
Sure, society-wise Estonia has a lot of Germanic influences and Soviet remnants that are being cast away as quickly as possible.
I am for Estonia
Aren't those two the same thing really?
Educated people do make careers in the countryside, but it's usually the folk who have lived in cities for a while and studied in a university.
Was late
As revolution of the working class
Ok I'm reading it first time right now
It's rare not to translate a symbol into common language.
What is something very common in your country that you as an exception don't like or are different from that common trait?
You should, they are wonderful ;)
"Tallinn" sounds similar to "Taani linn", which means "Danish city"
I read this, The Guardian and La Repubblica articles and I think the criticism against the Ben Jacobs article is unfair where Greenwald himself sets up straw men for himself and nitpicks on wording.
I think its not so much about the spirit of Nato and more about the open conflicts and the rest of the stuff going on like the plague and NS2 just to name a few
However if you wanted to, then you could go nuts with such things.
Gives it sort of a creaminess thing
[*Pelmeni*] are a Russian food, but relatively popular in Estonia and I presume in other countries nearby.
That's why the logic would be to only include the stronger connections and leave out the rest.
And if necessary, they'll go with anti-immigration parties even though thy aren't generally that liberal.
Except Russian large-scale drills are offensive in nature, unlike NATO's.
Always nice to see fans of mine!
No and I have yet to meet an Estonian, who thinks like that.
Says totally non-PC things about Russians, even by mainstream Estonian standards.
I would say the most iconic building is the [Tallinn Town Hall] which is located at the heart of the old town
Eesti into nordic is just polandball meme.
which differ greatly from the modern literally ukrainian, they sound quite similar to what everyone talked like in early 20th century before the language was standardised again under Russian bias in 1930s.
He wasn't the one who lost family
It's a paella made a little differently.
Fattiehead
I have never heard anyone use it
But then there are other, more moderate organizations where people drink and act normally.
Check out the cost drop trend of high efficiency panels
[Tallinn TV Tower] is 314 m tall.
I think we got the best deal out of this of them all
Fuck
Do not forget to drink those four beers beforehand
Not really
If we're going the freedom road then we'd better be ready for something like a Yanukovich situation, who was elected fairly, at least that's what the observers said.
There are Europeans making excuses for Stalin, so what do you want from Africans...
And yet there are political parties in Estonia who dont think that
It's the most normal window there is
Then we sled down the mountain and the one that sleds the furthest has the best harvest during the year
No it isn't. Every web server by default logs things like IP addresses, which is personal data
If you refuse to aknowledge jewish culture, you're an antisemite.
Constantly saying "former Turkish province of Greece" would also be technically correct, but it would probably get annoying too.
I am 1/16th [Baltic German] and possibly 1/16 Russian, but the rest 7/8th Estonian and almost none of them have any non-Estonian ancestors (except only a few [Estonian Swedes] perhaps) up until the early 18th century when the previous records [were destroyed]#1702.E2.80.931710:_Russia_and_the_Baltic_provinces).
Plus it's using damn hieroglyphs so you can't even read it if you haven't learned it
Not at all
The Republican party was distancing themselves from Trump before and during the election process, too.
Again, would need some source or this debate is rather pointless.
(I mean, I cannot see a spelling error)
You have narrow plastic jugs for that.
Just look at one of my old posts [here]
French - abricot
It's not a problem as many of the students will also be Estonians.
The nature - all the peninsulas in Northern and Western Estonia, the [cliff coasts of Northern Estonia] the small islets and the numerous bogs deeper in the countryside.
I understand not everyone in Labour is going to follow Cobyn on this one, like his former opponent Owen Smith.
i dont know that they'd go out and literally start fuel bombing the police though, no
You forgot Holodomor and mass deportations on cattle trains
Estonians for example were never devoutly Christian - it had always been seen as something forced upon them.
Not so devout leaders might see that there aren't really any valid arguments from the religious side.
Grammar-wise it may be possible but I’ve never encountered anyone who hasn’t lived their whole life in an Estonian-speaking environment making no grammar mistakes
just curious, would anyone really need over 100 mb
It's incomprehensible and/or unrelated to this topic.
But yea, its just absurd and funny haha
i now craving honey cake at 2 am
No sane Estonian was pro-Trump though.
By the way, I, too, can't understand why the Baltics would place more weight on looking at the regimes and crimes that are more relevant for them
I would say the most iconic building is the [Tallinn Town Hall] which is located at the heart of the old town
It's just an ancient Estonian ship and Estonian coat of arms..
The phonetics are utterly different!
You have to teach kids to think, not only learn stuff by heart (though this is no doubt also very necessary)
not true at all
48/hr before taxes right now
Btw, I am talking about public saunas, not at home
Lots of other languages have more concrete pronunciation
You won't fit the criteria any time soon.
As for "why not beat you up" - that is a very clear case of robbery with force, which can be reported to police
It is that even if you had money you couldn't buy goods, but people still had money trouble.
Cannot think of really different cities and another user has already posted a good link, but some islands crossed my mind:
Occasionally buying something from local, but expensive bakery or restaurant
It's not really about Bush, it's about the idiocy of comparing him with a totalitarian dictator.
I honestly wish that my city's goverment would pull it's head out of it's ass and start doing the same thing
If you keep glorifying the criminal deeds of your ancestors - I will hold you equally responsible.
What Estonia and Latvia did is extremely benevolent.
The war of independence
Neither did Kievan Rus' [edit: control a third of Estonia in that year].
literally noone in Austria has ever seen 'The sound of music'
Hot topic: our failure of presidential election.
Former head of government [Jaan Tõnisson]õnisson) became like the embodiment of Estonian democracy, however he himself (like almost all other MPs) initially supported Konstantin Päts's coup d'etat in 1934.
I don't know about any other people in my country but I do eat them
In Estonian, *Ameerika*, *USA* [usa], *USA* [uu-ess-aa], *Ameerika Ühendriigid*, *Ühendriigid*.
So he had more of a mixed ethnicity
I go to the city centre by using public transport, but I will not get rid of my car, because I want to travel freely, like, going to the countryside, visiting grandparents or our summerhouse
And how much of it was created or how much work was done in Sweden vs Estonia
I get to use German once in a while with tourists or visitors I know from Germany.
It ain't so any more, most of my friends check their work stuff on their phone like at least twice every evening after work
No, that's not correct: #European_Union_.28EU.29
I see no real reason to stop using the names we already have for other countries.
O_0 and frequently, I might add
Also the gods in especially Saaremaa were named similar to "Thor", but there also existed local, Estonian pagan gods
That said, the rural people tend to be among the poorest in the country.
[Here's] a picture of the barricades - there's a cool anti-tank sign on the picture ;)
And [here] is the same place today.
Russians often don't speak Estonian, but you usually don't have to communicate with them in Tallinn - the service sector needs to know Estonian well enough.
I live on the countryside alot of my friends houses have wood heating but people that have money usually go with ground heating since it's the most cost efficient way to heat your house
Socially conservative as in pro-life, anti-gay rights?
&#x200B;
Not everything we get from government is of good quality though
I definitely know about that, my great grandfather was an Ingrian who grew up in a village south of Leningrad
Croatia and Norway for their beautiful coasts, but also Bosnia and Montenegro for their beautiful nature and architecture.
Enam muidgi mitte
The vowel in English seems to be a diphthong of sorts)
Let's have some of the most common ones as examples:
On the other hand, having a part-time job while doing masters is also common
And even then you missed Luxembourg
Well on the bright side German only has four cases, while Estonian has 14.
None except Heldur of them have old-timey sense for me
At first there were major calls for him to step down, but they quieted down after the left-wing opposition sent press releases of the shooting event to all foreign embassies and international organizations in Estonia.
They are usually shown on Estonian keyboards on the same keys with S and Z so the use of "sh" and "zh" is rather awkward.
In 1945 Estonia's population was 97.1% Estonian and it fell to 61.5% by 1989.
I'm not saying that one country is better than the other
No, why I answered was that most people in an advantageous position turned out to be reformists and patriots.
*kauf dir ein Auto und fehr gegen Baum!*
Eh ya know good ol Estonia
As an Atheist I don't care whether the candidate is Atheist or not, but an openly religious candidate is a no-go.
English doesn't really have many more words than any other language has on an average.
They became internationally famous due to Scandinavians, for sure.
Or pre Christian Estonia before the crusades in 12 century
Well, curry has been part of English cuisine since 17th century, so...
Also sorry for the dude who insulted your prime minister, I'm afraid he's not ok in the head
Kirjak is a common cow name which means Spotty and kael means neck, so we saw a long necked cow and called it so.
For the most part, no, except for Russian monarchs whose names are usually written as the Estonian equivalent when one exists, instead of a direct transliteration (eg
The memory of not being able to understand her had stayed with me
Spare some snow for the rest of us
There is a flaw in this formula.
There is still a [small community] (around a few hundred people) of Estonian Swedes who remained or returned after we regained indpedence, but they mostly speak standard Swedish AFAIK
The establishment parties and movements don't like the competition from the new populist movements.
Yeah, we have similar systems for fishing etc
There are only two things there:
Were starting to have big screens everywhere, that will go out of hand very fast, i am 100% sure
Also Finnish, because it sounds beautiful
It should be a crime to give public spotlight on those "psychics". In Estonia you can see those crooks on TV every day
Going to post my reply from the deleted thread
And also the absence of difference between Latvia and that savvy Estonia, the prettiest of all Baltic sisters.
I looked at his sandwich and **he had put cheese on ham**... I just yelled at him across the table, asking "What are you doing
I understand and fully support anyone who dislikes soviet regime and their illegal annexation of neighbouring countries, but I will never understand why you have to celebrate those who fought for another totalitarian regime because of that
It's supposedly still kind-of drinkable around the inner areas, [according to these comments
Well technically we are Baltic-Finns, but we Estonians have our own identity and consider ourselves separate from the Finns, but we do feel very close to them ethnically.
(Article 72 of USSR constitution).
The nature and the allemansrätt (freedom to roam)
We have the power, for example, to forever veto visa freedom for Russians
Not sure what this means, but Estonia shares social values with Scandinavia, not with countries further south or to the east
2) season tickets that can be loaded to the same card, also available online or the same stores as the previous method
I am a liberal, but I very much consider both social democracy and conservatism to be part of the mainstream - something I can cooperate with.
wage] then it becomes quite clear.
Knowing German has also helped me a lot in the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark and Norway, I doubt though that I’d be able to get by simply by knowing German
You clearly don't understand how law works...
rääkima/rääkia: est
Eastern Estonia dibla dibla and dibla
I mean first two points were core parts of Europe up until very recent history and I'd say last one is still not fully gone away
What do Estonians think about the Teutonic State period?
First thing I read about Rinne’s goverment was - they are gonna raise social spending
Of course there are other issues at play as well, such as Finland's relationship with Sweden being almost intimate, so connections to Sweden are not a big controversy
Ma võin igalpool olla, iga kell ja ma olen suuteline sind 700-l erineval viisil tapma ja see on ka ainult mu paljaste kätega.
What the fuck happened to Latvia lmao
I went to Finland when I was 4 or 5.
I assume you mean the Mäntsälä rebellion, interesting, will have to read up on that
Tallinn our capital mostly low iq people
Check the sticky in r/eesti, it has everything you want to know.
We still make memes, content
I'm actually getting married to a russian man (with a russian family), and that's why I'm learning.
Maybe space battles
I'd say about 40% is naturally understandable in simple conversations - that's enough to get most of the context.
Estonian, English and German, plus a little Russian.
Everyone was supposed to have a state job so these obviously private people on the picture shows that on top of that there needed to be a 19-century style farming society (because you couldn't own the means of production) on top of that.
Some country side bus lines are free for everyone
Not in Estonia
Or is it more mismanagement and health and safety bs
Always wanted to go there and try thei schnitzel
2) I'm not that old yet and I still have functioning brain
And it is very widely used
Oh wow, I had completely forgotten about it.
unless we consider Hungary and Orban to be "Eastern".
i had no idea it was from here
That said I've never seen a proper match from a stadium so I wouldn't know how it is
And imho it makes sense that during times when the tensions aren't high and anyone isn't waving their fist, you shouldn't pour money into the military, specially when your economy shit already and the people are poor.
Currently, there’s a lot of fuss about the legalisation of gay marriages
I wouldn't except maybe add a finno ugric symbol or something like that
Where's the Russian flag
The US is better as one sovereign state, Europe would not be.
Most of the country is atheist
Always looking closely for that little bit darker color than Latvia and Lithuania
> but also the Baltic states
We had a more cultural high school grad trip to Greece but hearing the storys from classes that went to Bulgaria make me a bit jealous
Trucks don't kill people, people with trucks kill people!
I showed that your claim "FBI confirmed Cohen was never in Prague" was false (a lie).
He is known for misogynistic and homophobic statements, which have been utterly harmful for Estonia’s reputation
Couldn’t care less though
On the other hand, opinion about the UK in general is very positive as well, due to [this]–19\)).
If I can spell Worcestershire, the UK dude can spell Tallinn
Not sure why this is needed to be the first.
I think the reason behing re-introducing entrance exam in Medicine was the fact, that on some years, the national exams happen to be easier than on others and entrance exam gives more equal opportunity for all students, as some take a gap year etc
Not sure what you mean by "they're not voting for others".
None except Heldur of them have old-timey sense for me
it's obvious that OP meant a different kind of migrants.
Is it true that the Swedish police uses horses
That's what I've been thinking about Brexit as well
[Rullnokad ("rolled beaks")] by the way they roll their baseball cap "beak". Usually drives old BMW, drinks a lot and has lower than average IQ
Might this be part of some deal regarding Syria?
It just sounds so harsh and like sandpaper to my ears xd
One Trump lackeys called us "suburb of st
>of course what they did differs from "a textbook definition"
Only one person from my old class knew it, everyone else thought he was mad
because the difference between soft and hard consonants is almost non existent in Finnish.
Has Merkel done anything against democracy in Germay?
I am sure the former slave owners also felt a great distress after the laws freeing the slaves.
I think when older people speak English with an Estonian/finnish accent, like on the news or Smth, some of us feel a bit embarrassed because rally english is a blight
28 degrees in Rovaniemi, something is very wrong with this weather
Exactly, Russia is still trying to get into the 21st century!
Yes, I wear one right now
Also, as the sidewalks are very close to the buildings and most houses have gable roofs, icicles are easy to form and they are a constant threat in the winter especially in the old town
Well if you exclude the more recent Estonian migrants in Finland.
It's [Fennoscandia] not Scandinavia!
Not sure it would work in winter though - here it would leave only a couple hours at midday for school, haha
But I think the overall assessment of low participation in political processes is spot on, also kind of disillusionment about the government is also a trait I can see a lot around here.
I'm pretty confident I could hum the Finnish anthem
Preference for 2nd language among young people is almost universally English, however it may not be the most preferred 2nd language to study as you learn English anyway.
She wrote a letter about it to her cousin in the south, who couldn't watch it.
The place is fine - what is lacking is normal public transport there from the town center.
It's supposed to resemble the Soviet era runway, that's the point.
But since these were also used by other peoples in the nearby area, how do you *know* these were invented by Scandinavians?
Edit: *cough cough* shale burning *cough* CO2 *cough*
So that drunk people couldn't buy more alcohol in the middle of drinking
Country 2: "Das leben der anderen"
Indeed it does
He came back when Estonia gained independence
Jakob Hurt
The current Finnish language text is usually attributed to the 1889 translation of Ensign Stål by Paavo Cajander, but in fact originates from the 1867 translation by Julius Krohn.
It is not 100 years of independence
Based of what I've seen Aberdeen is the grey-est city in the entire world
I am also surprised what did the Aussies do to offend the great glorious leader Putin
Latvians couldn't finish that sentence before they hit a pothole!
If you barely speak Estonian, ain't nobody gonna consider you an Estonian.
There are ice cream machines in McDonald's?
USSR didn't care about atheism nor religion, they cared about diminishing the role of religious institutions as they did with all independent institutions.
Nothing horrible about [blood sausages]
Edit: More info at www
Exactly, it started to evolve much later than the name Aestii fell out of use.
Estonia has a rather logical approach
We need better trains
Homophobia **definitely** exists among Estonians, especially the old and rural folk, but we can easily blame much of the Homophobia on our Russian population.
Italian - albicocca
Estonian isn't a slavic language, so to have something ending in "ia" is very weird for us
[Should you ever need some water to cool down]
That's brainiacs' word
If it goes mainstream, you will never get rid of them again ;)
How is the word 'ale" related to "øl"/"õlu"/etc
The Russian Empire had a very weak government and nothing ever got done.
He agreed that this conversation blew up in his face quite fast - we still sometimes tease him about it
Just when I thought the reality might start to hit him...
American, asking for Estonians, Lithuanians, and Slovenians
If anything, they're more similar to what Baltic Germans were for us
I would say *lauljatar* instead, but the female forms of professions are quite rare indeed.
A group that murdered many of our ancestors.
Every person's health is their own deal, obesity should be illegal too?
Egg cups - yes
YOLO
Estonian Russian makes more sense, but "Russian from Estonia" or "Russian of Estonia" is the term actually used in Estonia
I swear our general area is some of the worst climate in existence
The Eastern Bloc and the Soviets had a much better quality of life back then when comparing with today.
Are you inciting me to commit a crime?
raiskama: est
Oh shi
At least during the soviet times, it was relatively common in Finland.
Frankly, swedes were colonialists, and colonized finland
Just two sides of the same coin?
It's more so a first time show of force by any real opposition but sadly unless things really escalate Luka could hold on to power
~40min walk
If it's formal, I say " \[Full name\] kuuleb
sometimes also the help-verbs "saama" ("to become") and "hakkama" ("to start")
Pärnu is good for a summer beach holiday.
Indeed, there are brainwashed people in every country.
Also, i heard a rumor, that you use your alcohol tax(our money) to fund culture and youth sports.
The whole region used to be ours
Estonians and Lithuanians can relate.
That said, I only found fairly crappy beer in stores for 2€ when I was in Flanders a few years ago
Torm, mis pühib minema selle mõttetu asja, mida sa kutsud eluks.
And continue to Russify these people...
We already have airspace violations but I don't see larger scale things happening right now.
Geniuses or such famous geniuses like Einstein?
Are you married/planning to marry?
I don't call bullshit, been there three times no issues, locals were very helpful as well
Yeah, call him chinggis khaan or temüjin
>Drop a Scot in New Zealand and another in Moldova and ask them a week in which one encountered the most cultural similarities
I'm sure there are slight accent differences with Estonian dialects or regional aspects as well, but they can easily go without noticing them.
Before I started these Internet discussions about religion as a teenager, I thought that there is too little evidence for the existence of god or any aspect of faith to be true.
"Valmis või mitte siit ma tulen" i hate it
[Here] is a good example of what English sounds to foreigners
Or Romania above Greece
Since i dont know any videogames that have been made in Estonian and there are almost never translations, i play games in English
I've heard American news reporters say something like "day 1182 of the X administration, 202 days until the elections" from the political left and the right, like it's some sorta punishment
There was a propsal of a bus service going straight from the Tallinn port to Alko1000 in Valka, Latvia.
And high wages are often restricted for public officials so that they wouldn't leach on public money (and would go earn more in private sector).
latvia and lithuania are basically the same
I think cold winters with solid snow cover usually mean more mosquitoes in the spring/early summer
And maybe add a bit of mayonnaise
For what year is this map made
I'm more worried for a potential energy crisis in the next 50 years.
The one from the life of Brian
Funnily enough, we seem to also share a tiny dessert that you call Túró Rudi and most of Europe does not know of
I know the etymology (its _radix_), but had the more colloquial meaning in mind.
2026 can't come faster
and Arvo Pärt from the classical music genre
By default it's at least in my former school only for girls except cooking which was for both but technically if boys wanted they could choose to go to that class instead
Btw, the guy was actually Olympic silver and bronze medalist in sailing
What's so important about this 100% free speech ideal of allowing everything, including symbols used for "I'm not touching you" level free speech intimidation and antagonization.
By the number of upvotes you have gotten it seems they do
I don't think it applies to all old buildings and it does apply to quite some new buildings as well
It is more about being very connected to the sea and having a certain melancholic tone in our cultures
Putting pineapple on pizza doesn't mean it's not pizza anymore...
Not common with people you already know
All obese people into gas chambers?
Hiiele
Too many people in the cities and too few for this effect in the countryside.
>do you think it would be embarrassing for the anti-independence movement if they won by just a slim majority
plus i want to keep my secret language for talking behind others backs :D
Many people will give in to not make up a scene, especially if the amout of money is small
20 years of drunk Finns spending hundreds of millions
I just want to know if this is fast compared to other users in other countries
But mostly it was repeating over and over the glorious parts of soviet era - revolutions (1905, 1917 february and october)
There is no such thing
The title makes it sound like he beat everyone else, including younger.
Of course we want safety but why are you want to give away your freedom to get it
Yeah, that's pretty much Estonian president as well.
25+ and I can feel my brain slowly melting inside
Winter
No, they can be intelligent, but they are unintelligent in the degree that they believe in ancient fairy tales without any evidence.
Erm, you are mixing up terms
It's not like 60% of your whole salary is taken in form of income tax
i was in finland, went on a tram and most of the people there were estonians
Not even joking
> Also, how do you get the flag and country name next to your username on this subreddit
Really difficult to say, all of our railroads go through the empty countryside of flat fields and forests and in that sense, they all look more or less the same.
Haven't the Russians been humiliated enough during the past 25 years and now you want to deny them their rightful rule over you!
The claim that this leaflet makes.
Being the West's buffer zone is better than being Russia's slave.
These are our schools, you know that, right?
And yeah most native Estonians were peasants, but still it was interesting time period and a lot of our old town was built turing that time period, if i don't remember anything wrong
The applicant must apply for permanent residency and be a permanent resident of Russia for a minimum of five years.
Some of the best teachers in Estonia a couple of years ago stated that school study and evaluation is designed for girls.
Actually, this is different
I grew up in [this] building in one of the worst neighborhoods of my city in the post-Soviet 1990s, so I know what you're talking about :D
Ida-Virumaa, the by-far poorest part of Estonia, where crime rates are astronomically high, where 75% of the population are Russian, where cities consist of nothing but semi-abandoned brutalist Soviet buildings and most of the (legal) economy is entirely dependent on oil shale
Being quite open about nudity
Still, to say Estonia is Finland's child is gross misrepresentation, and the truth is kind of closer to the reverse.
> TERETULEMAST TALLINKILLE
Oh boy, we have so much more
Only slightly harder than native Swedes, it pales in comparison to the 30% for non-EU citizens.
hallitus: est
They are mostly fairly new immigrants, who settled here illegally during the Soviet occupation.
And it is interesting to compare Tatars to the other groups, it becomes evident that they are most opposed to the new situation, isn't it?
* 'shall' for the future tense
The EU can barely agree upon sanctioning Russia...
To be honest, I haven't decided as of yet, the period would be 2018/2019 and I have still nearly one year left to make up my mind.
Once every year
Haha
As said, the political situation is irrelevant, calm your butthurt.
When Europe went to shit
However, you do generalize - there are vast differences between Northern and Southern Europeans in this aspect.
The pronunciation is different though.
A preamble should only state general principles and not the main functioning of the state.
Not as if there is a working system in place anywhere in the world...
How did you manage to forget Koit by Tõnis Mägi
Sweden has a left-wing government, but the centre-right and right-wing has a clear majority in the parliament, but for now they are unwilling to work together.
Estonian name actually comes from the Tatars (people), because  buckwheat  came here from asian part of Russia
Similar in Estonian with "kurk", but it's only the same in nominative case, declension is different "kurk/kurgi/kurki" for cucumber, "kurk/kurgu/kurku" for throat
It's all confusing to say the least
But greeting things are ok if you don't stop for a chat
nothing worse than freezing your tits off while watching the sunset at 3pm lol
The reaction is pretty similar to someone being vegan.
There is no universal truth to that.
“Master and Margarita” by Bulgakov
made a silly joke
Gotta say it is weird though
I've been thinking about buying one just for novelty
"Lohe" is a bit more archaic, although definitely still in use
I havent heard a single non-native people who has mastered it
Well, "sital käima" in direct translation means "to walk on shit"
estonians also tend to just forget articles (a, an, the) altogether, since we don't use them
I mean have you looked around
Even if they will never get around to implementing them due to reasonable officials, the media coverage is enough to alienate the people even more.
Well you wouldn't be getting your name if your family got their name by getting killed by Turks.
We have this in stores as a Soviet era remnant, but just trust me on this, it is completely different, plus rather disgusting in my opinion.
No, you still don't get it
You lot didn't even bother giving it a proper name did you
usually the parent just takes their kid to the party and later picks them up again
And as guessed, we ended up with the most boring option (no.
it's more the fact that they make it
So she gets money from russia and people still support her?
>real forest
For example, every summer they elect an earthly representative of their mythical king Peko for the upcoming year
We here in Estonia don't get any of it sadly
Their nobility status was revoked in 1920 and they left on their own will mostly in 1939.
Temperature was not below -20C.
When a free country prevents even a simple act as raising your arm, then uou know that you are in a bad neighbourhood
It made no conscious decision to legalize homosexuality in 1922
im pretty sure there was some text too, but i cant remember what it was exactly
Nevertheless, the plants have been upgraded with filters and Estonia's greenhouse gas emissions have already fallen by half compared to Soviet era
Same I ve been trying a lot to change my accent it sounds horrible
It is considered extremely boring by most people and the ones to watch it only do it because they are so used to watching it.
Estonia as well and probably the entire Northern Europe.
I am convinced that all Russians do this because I have one Russian guy living next to me in the dorm and not once has he put it the right way round
Metropolitan/mainland administrative divisions, but also the overseas ones, the former colonies, if you've been there.
I think these feelings should not be ignored.
I think we had precisely 1 lesson in a book in 7th-8th grade dedicated to dialect words from different parts of the country and the fact that shouldn't use them unless it's an informal conversation
>And nobody gives a fuck
either fresh and warm rye bread or a random drunk in public transport
I am not a fan of the language either
>Geographically
They have Daugava
I mean, a warning is pretty superfluous, but trump supporters aren't usually really known for their factual accuracy.
They stole that saying from Hiiumaa.
dunno
Sure, but it really depends on the context.
Civilian maps were made inaccurate in the ussr
Maybe Estva, Latva and Litva (probably something very obscene)
I'm not saying the ones that came later are any less European
There are some schools that offer quality Swedish language studies, like the [Gustav Adolf Grammar School] (our oldest high school) and the [Noarootsi] high school.
There is also the possibility of a Baltic origin: from Proto-Baltic *aīsto-, meaning "land", "field".
REPOST REPOST
We have more french and british troops here and as for the question it makes us feel a bit safer
Because of over-tolerance, misunderstood concept of multiculturalism where barbaric practices are somehow considered "culture".
For males Juhan, Heldur, Hildegard, Hugo, Aadu
I have heard the same joke in Finnish, but with Sweden and Finland.
There is no outright hostility between people
There really aren't any widely used Estonian loanwords in English.
It's a former part of Austria, still with a strong German-speaking majority.
How common is it for Southern Norwegians to ever visit these?
It goes through several towns on the way and there are small villages every few miles on its way as well
Alcohol consumption is still very high, although it has dropped rapidly over the last few years.
? I can understand "alus".
[I really like the CGP Grey video about this]
I'm sure you wouldn't like it if Warsaw was misspelled frequently
man I only saw mountains (real proper ones not our 300m piece of shit) for the first time last year at 15 and I was still completely blown away because the concept of something that tall is very hard to comprehend if the tallest thing you've seen is probably not even 1/2 of it
I can see how these factors can affect mental health and this in turn can influence stuff like meals and sleep
More or less grown up by now, yet I've seen most other people as less intelligent my entire life.
Wait what another one
I would say the same about Estonia.
Yes, it is hard to call it event
But pie birds - no, never seen them before
Well it was predicted that the financial sector will suffer the most from Brexit...
Overall i dont really realise that it's dark until one day the sun is shining and I remember how beautiful it can be.
Black is the colour of dirt and our ethnic garment.
Welcome
Where from Russia are you from that you have such a cold weather right now?
If you don’t qualify for a free ride and have to use the money loaded on your Ühiskaart, the machine will also print you a bill, for me this bill doesn’t really qualify as a ticket, since you don’t have to show it anywhere and if you happen to see a ticket inspector you can just show him the card which you used to pay for the ticket
I kept seeing it back home all the time.
It'll be outdated in 10 minutes.
how Americans and Europeans are willing to throw them as a sacraficial lamb to the Russians
In what part of your life has the monarchy actually negatively impacted you
The quality of old Latvian trains isn't helping along either
Mood
Going all-in with the boycott by finishing last in the group aswell
Even if they do manage to learn the grammar, u can still hear that something is off with their pronounciation
Until it was the soviets
Yet genetically Latvians are much more closer to Estonians than to Dutch people due to millennia of living next to each other
We'll keep it
Ülemiste and Kristiine keskus makes it two I know about
It's like every other person on the Internet enter with arguments like:
How the heck are Russians native to Estonia?
It doesn't mean you can't criticize a system that allows such things to happen in the first place
The only two times I heard about that were in Reddit, so I believe it is not a very big of a deal for local people
Unfortunately there is a sizable minority who sees Estonian members of WW2 pro-German collaborationist divisions and security units in a more positive light
Hungary
They also [live in separate regions] (where the "Lake Peipus dialect" is shown) from the Soviet era immigrants and they are conservative Orthodox Old Believers, so they may remain distinct in the foreseeable future.
So how far north, south, east and west have you ever been?
Did you forget that Latvia exists or what
So of course they worship those crazies and those crazies get to power because the rest of the system is too corrupt to keep them out
Wait is this a joke
You have to teach kids to think, not only learn stuff by heart (though this is no doubt also very necessary)
Afghan must solve its problems somehow, stop having such a large birth rate, which "produces" too many people who end up poor, which leads them to Taliban or to Europe.
ÖÖÖÖÖ
It's easy to think that things are bad now but 2014/2015 and even 2016 were really bad
No we do not have such monument in the middle of capital square
Russia- the food, the people, the culture
> if the Russians did not stop them
A massive amount of cartoon network ever since I was 4
Kinda true
His mother was half-jewish if I remember correctly
yes, my preferred method of getting acquainted with languages is food and menues
The difference being that these were either due to:
And as you said, passing by Malmö to buy things you couldn't find elsewhere
Although, me and my friends would sometimes invent new additions to make it more fun
If you take the difference in prices into account, then Estonia's wages are about 70% of that in Finland
I've seen several articles, but these came right up on google atm [ and [
The author of this website now tries to make those people feel guilty and make them look like assholes.
*kills self because of left wing ignorance displayed*
So of course they worship those crazies and those crazies get to power because the rest of the system is too corrupt to keep them out
Depends on how much the nation wants to express their patriotism.
The map shows that despite what Russian propaganda says they are not "surrounded by NATO".
we call it pickle season
While I lived in Austria there was an incident where they put horse meat in their lasagna for example
I never said Merkel was a libertarian open border supporter, that's your words.
In the ones that might not approve, you simply use the times when nobody is at home
Yes
However, in places like Kohtla-Järve, you wouldn't even step outside in the evening
Süüa (to eat) should be pronounced as süia, same with müüa (to sell) - müia
He has added those random mixed Russian-Estonian ares in Western and North-Central Estonia in order to make the geographically very small Russian-speaking areas "more proportional". The real situation looks like [this]
"real slavery") slavery (*orjus*).
They're commonly used to give "digital signatures". I (and many other Estonians) don't own a passport since you need a passport only if you want to travel outside Europe
Unlike USA, Estonian citizenship is based on parents' citizenship status, not on being born in Estonia, so location of birth doesn't have nearly as much significance as it does in America
Very few people are saying we should let them drown.
That's the most Russian government thing to say
But chives goes together with dill :D
I guess we'll go with  Latvia and Lithuania
Three simple methods are working your brain here.
I just avoid talking about politics
I don't like saunas and I don't care for skiing.
Some Estonian town names translated
Finnish: Can understand sometimes, some words have a complitely different meaning tho
In many ways we even encouraged it
That's exactly what the map says.
/Hoisting sails to sack Sigtuna/
kuuuurija (moon researcher),
And how exactly would you say they got their wealth unfairly
we do have very different understanding of black/dark bread, though.
As for estonians i haven't seen a single person that could forgive or look past the horrors
Europe gets 1 year to prepare.
Anything with raisins is garbage
Finns like sauna
Also this isn't a protest, just a very crowded street
Going back home to Estonia for a few weeks in December, hopefully there will be snow during Christmas this year!
then we have a much bigger problem than Russian operations to begin with.
Still they vote for either the liberals, conservatives, social democrats or leftists, depending on the region.
It was the worst in total numbers, but most likely not the worst as a percentage of world's population.
Prices are lower
Its kinda sad though seeing that most people in your country speak the language that is not native
How is American English easier than British English?
There wasn't much difference, considering there were Soviet troops inside all countries and all three were *de facto* independent in most affairs by then.
There's a difference between nordic and Scandinavian as Scandinavian means that it's apart of the Scandinavian peninsula whilst nordic means it's in northern Europe
Estonia moving up in the world
Although it saddens me to say this, but the Finnish, Estonian, Latvian and other unjustly lost territories are just not worth the downsides.
She was my rock during that emotional time, as my child's father and me had separated long before the birth
After that I identify as a finnic person and lastly european
Yeah who live close walk or go by bike, but a lot of people take a bus
Oh god, we are talking about sounds, I know the meaning.
My hometown also had a cocktail bar/club/whateverthefuck called A.P.T.E.K for the same reason
We have one that I particularly enjoy
This brings us to NATO´s  [CCE COE] and the  [Enhanced Forward Presence] which act as a deterrent
A party chairman, Mart Laar, deleted some anti-ACTA comments from his Facebook wall, but later denied it and said that his Facebook account must have just run out of space.
Okay, thank you for the info
They usually are about how Finns are slow and dumb alcoholics
Norway and Sweden, with being the best land for hydro, has an oversupply of the on-demand capacity
Well we'd just like to continue being Europe...
are the real ones
>a dominant force in Europe
So here is that
No, that's the ö
Being able to evolve with the world is surprisingly uncommon.
No longer used though
Couldn’t care less though
For me, they rarely do
For example my Estonian relatives and Finnish relatives always speak with each other in their own native languages and it is definitely possible to communicate about simple things like food and household chores and such especially if you are used to hearing the other language.
Eat potato, no more no less
It's way too gradual to make such bold conclusions, but Estonians have intermixed a lot with Germans and Balts, while Finns have a stronger genetic drift
You all act like your countries are so progressive while behind the scenes your leaders beg and scrape for Russia's gas.
And he always talks about a time in the russian army when a loose propeller cut some dudes head off
Jesus Christ thought it was some sensationalism but the place is fucking gone, what the absolute fuck
You know your languages, good for you
Yes, the typical "you will be extinct in 50 years" kind of arguments...
Yes, of course, it is very rare to not drink ta water
I know in Tallinn the tap water tastes pretty chlorinated in some parts of town but honestly a filter jug takes out the taste and I don't understand how some people have the energy to buy and carry in water for no reason
Hundreds of thousands tried to escape to Sweden in 1944, but there wasn't enough time, not enough ships and boats and the Soviet planes and navy bombed the civilian evacuees.
Sweden
Main arguments are that we don't have a great army and are too small to be in any way relevant.
Right, thanks for pointing that out.
A lot of people speak pretty decent English so you will almost never be in trouble for not knowing Estonian (you should still atleast try to learn though)
It's an immigrant language, so why the hell should it be official?
A director of *Polish* cultural institute is, for some reason, focusing on *Jewish* culture/history.
Tram line to Lasnamäe, planned since the soviet times and never executed, is promised every election
[UK has an opt in service here] signed up a couple years ago and the calls stopped within a week, haven't thought about it until now
Estonia **is** on the same tier as Denmark and Sweden.
At least she changed her style since 1812
It's quite hard to be the bold one and do something about it
"German master race" at its finest
Literally all four of my grandparents have said that I will most likely see a Russian invasion in my life.
I only took some courses in university.
I remember that Austrians were rather surprised that I had been to Vorarlberg and they...
Swedish island **Gotland (eng) = Ojamaa (est)**
That's why we have here the strive not to follow their fate and I presume you understand our concern.
Yes, but can these indigenous groups obtain their education in their languages?
Approx 500€ (wider guess 300-700) a month
What do you learn in English class?
Tartu definitely punches above its weight
You've visited a lot of Galician islands!
love your artstyle
Estonians are still the most closely genetically related to them, but more distantly than say Latvians are to Estonians
Bloody hell, that sounds ominous
Aestii didn't refer to Estonia, but to a Baltic people in Northern Poland.
It is not 100 years of independence
Plus there are a lot of Russians willing to speak it.
In December it gets dark before 4pm
Small stores like that are quite rare to find nowadays
Otherwise the Soviet powers would have just either forged the results or called the whole thing off.
Number 1 is ETV(Estonian Television) and 2 is ETV2
My grandfather was a KGB agent, although being strongly anti-Soviet.
Statelessness allows them to go visa-free both to Russia *and* the EU
Lithuania, just like Latvia and Estonia are Eastern European.
It has never worked
Uralic people and Indo-Europeans are not ethnically related
Only three times
Tallinn\*
What a wonderful result for France and Europe
This one Polish guy is even accusing me of lying after I said that there actually are some fraternities in Polish universities and it's a small subculture.
And who do you think is happier - the person, who sees that people living nearby are richer, or the person, who has mostly no idea how people live in other countries?
Atleast that's my take
Remarkably all the top countries are small ones, this does not automatically mean that small countries are more violent.
Yeah, but it's a bit rarer among Estonians than Russians.
that is it
Technically illegal occupation according to international law that occurred between 1945 and 1990.
for clarity it's recommended to hyphenate words that dont follow this rule, but as far as i know, you dont have to and most people dont bc these words are fun
And Estonia likes Finland
And here i was, high and mighty, about to say that Estonians don't have IT problems
Source for eleciton results where he lost
You can get a 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom, big garden and 5994 m2 house for 400k.
They're still afraid of gays lesbians and trans people.
Tallinn is centered around a medieval walled old town which itself is rather picturesque but rest of the city was nothing more than a poor province for much of its history and it shows
I didn't mean saving to buy as in save 100% of house value(obviously very few people do that, though even I personally know some who did so), however even for mortgage you need to save up 10-20% downpayment
His age is in the title but "aged 105" isn't the same as "among 105 year olds".
Pc has some awesome artwork and my phone has a slightly nsfw picture of my gf
Congrats, you have the highest lowest mountainpeak in Europe!
You can't know about all of them - a couple of hundred people taking part of a random event is hardly newsworthy unless it's particularly politicized.
However everyone who has actually read the book and isn't too ignorant (not everyone) knows that in the book the love didn't come and the whole working to death basically was the tragedy of the novel
On a more serious note, much of the Estonian countryside is like this, especially the Lääne-Viru County
Example:  (this specific song has been used in quite a few movies)
what do you mean savage land, organic waste brown and paper green is the only correct way
I think 1x a day is the most usual one here as well, but most people wash their hair less often, like every 2nd or 3rd day
- "*Tarvis
&#x200B;
If you don't cook, you don't eat, if you don't eat you die
Using this term however is a bit obnoxious.
Think to yourself: would the recent MAGA hat teenager story have blown up the same way 20 years ago or is it completely a result of our clickbait media era where people do minimal to none fact checking as it's all about getting the story out as fast as possible
>Moderate social only drinking only exists in non-UK Europe
And I don't think that I have ever even seen any of their products in real life
However our biggest is only about 60m we're meager flat lands peasants.
Oh yea, we were super lucky, they already had guns poi Ted at us, tanks sent to retake Tallinn but Moscow changed their mind, there was too much political pressure in Moscow, so they left us alone
Finland, if you see this, then I am really sorry for his misogynistic comments about your prime minister
Interesting, over here it's the other way around: most old apartments have a height of  2
The real golden age is now though, Estonia and Estonians have never been in a better situation by a huuuuge margin
I did however quickly obtain the Southern intonation in like a couple of weeks after I moved away for university, but it fades as quickly as it comes.
Estonia isn't Scandinavian but should be Nordic
I would rather have it instead of dreaded 5-6 month long grayish winter
Never has an Estonian said that we should nuke someone (and I have some friends in Russia and they are all good people btw).
No, protesting, forming groups with goals and putting pressure does.
People here are either Tallinn supremacists or hillbilly dumb asses who vote in a hate filled Conservative faction, yet I don't feel like I could fit anywhere else
Still had fun time watching it because it didn't had that much dialoge and you could understand what was going on.
Sure, it definitely doesn't, especially considering how your portrayed analogy worked out in the end.
We can usually tell if someone is a Finn or not
In estonia its low and getting lower, personally
All of your comments in Russia related topic are passive-aggressive rants on how bad is that country
There have been more sightings of strange creatures but the old man is the most famous one
They are way too big for it to be suitable
You made an unintelligent comment - of course I will answer.
\+1  [Faith]
Of course the bankers and other large companies love that they don't have to pay taxes and sing praises to Reform, but unfortunately everybody else has to pay taxes for them.
> Tartu
The beer isn't going to drink itself!
And that's in Tallinn, most expensive city in Estonia
They have had distinct populations for thousands of years, while most of the US population are rather recent immigrants.
Not every answer is contradicting to what you said :)
So yeah, the contrast between Narva and say Viljandi is really very big
Tallinn is the capital city, Tartu is the cultural capital and Pärnu is the summer capital
Spain being democratic is fine for Spain, but it still doesn't help Catalonia with their self determination.
Bottle deposit and recycling system
* Tee Teelele teele teed - make tea for Teele to have on road
Let's just hope it won't go down like the Armenians
The Heroism of the Russian peoples is immeasurable!
There isn't really anything overtly sexual about being pregnant, so it's common enough to talk about the details
At the childhood home never
The cutting and regrowth rate is equal aswell.
That can happen though in any system, but not as easily in a proportional system.
\o/
All the labels get redefined constantly.
Western-Europe is the one who is pushing for the stronger unity and perhaps a federation and they don't see Russia as a part of this.
It's supposedly still kind-of drinkable around the inner areas, [according to these comments
Unfortunately so many years in totalitarian state make people very afraid to go against security forces of the state
Please stop upvoting
One of the possible reasons in the list is self-defence
Is there any indication or argument that Podemos would have lost much more votes if they hadn't joined with IU?
And it works with so many people..
Due to lobbying (or lets just say "bribing") by the Big Pharma, the government is not allowing competition in the health market, thus the prices have no reason to go down
Heh *nigel* means bad or crappy in Estonian.
A few days ago it was 3 degrees, the next day it was 23 degrees, the next after was 28
We also have like Maikel and stuff, we also have names like Keitlin, Kätlin (Catylin) and Sessiilia (Cecilia)
If you want similar Swedish, then here you go: [Ondskan] I read it as a book, first, and I actually think that the movie doesn't do the book justice...
But uhhh
The currency rate had been fixed for years, everything digital changed automatically and you could pay with both currencies for a few weeks.
Press conference that messed up with one date, and that brought down the berlin war, not Reagan, not hasslehoff, a mistake is what did it
Like the famous wizard Harry Dresden and his Chicago model
You often need different packages for different usages, for example you cannot bring milk bags with you on a ride etc.
That's truth
[Rullnokad ("rolled beaks")] by the way they roll their baseball cap "beak". Usually drives old BMW, drinks a lot and has lower than average IQ
dual citizens) per 16,865,000 people (2014 figures) = 1 victim per 87 383 people
I've been there over 15 times I guess, even more than in Helsinki, which is probably the most boring place in Finland.
I don't remember jihads in Europe in the 19th century.
Not much Baltic about Estonia, dear Finn.
Estonian and Finnish are Uralic languages.
Loud voice and racist remarks is not what influence my vote.
Spouting Sputnik misinformation, classic
Estonian does not make a difference between "he" and "she" either and it does show
The right of self determination was made exclusively for colonial territories and regions where other basic rights are not respected.
We're still too small and instead of wasting money on old military tech (because we cant afford new tech, we're JUST THAT POOR), we should try to get our country's economic power to the same level as the western countries.
UK has visa free entry for EU citizens.
Yeah bro check google maps
Okay now I really want Eesti into Nordic
20 minutes after yesterday, Portugal is warmer, but UK
True that, although in Estonian it doesn't have to go so "left".
Do the separatists have a plan for what they want to do now
I've never heard of anyone do that
The tone gives away the negative effect of jumping down from that imaginary high place.
please never step foot into Europe.
Yes, bicycles are basically allowed on all trains, the warning just shows where it's not recommended due to a bigger amount of passengers etc, but afaik you can take a bike on any train, they all have the holders etc
I personally like the [bogs] more interesting [coastal] locations and small seaside towns like [Kuressaare] [Haapsalu] and maybe [Pärnu] The small Uni town of [Tartu] might also be worth a visit
Yes, but you do obtain it from live relatives, who came with you and raised you.
Besides Estonian I’m also fluent in English, German and Spanish so obviously I can also get by in these countries
In Estonia the [Võro dialect]õro_language) is barely understandable, like 25%, while [Seto dialect] is practically unintelligible with Standard Estonian.
Good on them, keep this up, although I donät know what effect it is having apart from that minister resignation they had and taking down the law they were prostesitng against.
I am starting my French lessons again after a long time so hopefully I will master French eventually.
I think he meant the tourist attraction part
while I'm highly liberal in most of my beliefs, I still strongly believe in the uniqueness and cultural variety of our countries being vital, and I don't see it lasting long in a federation.
Until it was the soviets
* 'shall' for the future tense
Lol, same for me
Originally it was the flag of a student union.
[Kalevipoeg] is our national epic
Y U pronounce your words so long?
Well as far as the situation goes, Im sitting in Barcelona, near the Passage de garcia station and everything is exactly the same
Although not the first time someone fro ma foreign country does that, but I don't remember how that is possible.
examples with many consonants in a row would be
Not countries the minority of the population consisting of uneducated buffoons who beat their spouses and/or children and are struggling because nothing's ever their fault
If we talk slowly and really choose our words, then we can understand some of each other's language.
Good PISA results will be the end of us!
And I do mind it starting to get dark when I'm having lunch
but the comment is isolated to the baltics.
I was just eating a sandwich, my eyes looking into the distance
once we broke up, I kept going for possible university purposes.
It's mainly only for political reasons; when one needs to be anti-EU, big projects will be condemned as "a return to 700 years of slavery under Germans".
Indeed the US has breached international law.
I think it's not the root of the problem and not a good solution.
According to the 2002 Federal Act on Citizenship of the Russian Federation, to become a naturalized citizen, certain criteria must be met.
While I lived in Austria there was an incident where they put horse meat in their lasagna for example
Btw did you know that pretty much all Estonian kids read read "A Pál-utcai Fiúk" at school
Could also be another Balt or a Finn, though
Haha, I cut it like your brother-in-law as well
Don't know about Taliban, but in the Ukrainian Donbass some go to the local pro-Russian militia as volunteers for the same reasons, it's like a job,they get paid, maybe get some food as well.
Watashi olen treenitud kanjis ja watashi olen tip lehe kirjutaja kogu terves Mustamäe rajoonis.
You arenät seriously comparing the DDR to Northern Ireland?
No, it was not a joke, but an exaggeration.
>The idea that I could get in trouble for not having any ID when going to buy some eggs is crazy to me
You sound like Europe should stop pushing Russia back
Probably the false friends, but they're also part of why i really like Finnish.
Disadvantages :
Kudos for Lithuanians though, they have the best roads in the region!
Also - we have the letter "Õ" :) Very Estonian letter
Well we would set sail with our entire country if we just could.
In official terminology and Colloquial English, of course they are different.
Despite protestantism in Estonia as well, there wasn't much Estonian language education before the Swedish era.
I actually like ours a lot, it looks like a frazzled flag in the wind
When Europe went to shit
They were born in Europe and grew up **in your culture**.
If we are ex-USSR countries, then Greece is an ex-Nazi country.
Still, would be interesting to see, because, really, it's hard to believe that these people would exist.
Tallinn airport isn't that big due to Estonia's size and the proximity to two bigger and easily accessible airports - Helsinki and Riga, the latter especially for Southern Estonia
While also being fully fledged EU citizens
Oh boy, that was a silly use of linking...
That's some good humour
28c ish in Tallinn today
The black in the middle and also white at the bottom does the trick in my opinion: [Corps!
The Hansaetic towns or at least the towns that were towns during the Hansaetic league are the nicest towns over here
To get a better gauge on economy you should look at the average salary of these regions.
Now they're planning to rebuild the Haapsalu connection again
She's the former [Vanilla Ninja] lead singer, who now has [her own backup band]
Yes
Bars and restaurants have to open the container when they sell you alcohol after that time
I've never understood why Vantaa, Espoo and Helsinki are considered separate cities.
My Dutch friend telling me that they can't drive
Northen Europe is Scandinavia, Finland, Iceland.
1944
Let's see
It's as stupid as thinking that if I'm against poor road conditions, I'm suddenly against having roads altogether
Well i actually had fun at the Agritechnica aswell (it's basically like a E3 for farming machines
This level of neglect and decay is very shocking and unheard of even in the poorest parts of the EU
There are cultures that do not eat any meat and are totally fine
2009
As I studied it a little in university, I don't regret it.
It is a great philosophical question though.
Incidentally the concept of "rehi" (a specialized building for the aforementioned crop drying and threshing) itself seems to be confined to North-Eastern Europe - I can't even find an English translation for it
Oh that's the one where they go to Britain.
It often gets unenforced in the towns and in the summer, but you can indeed get fined for not wearing one, regardless of your clothing.
Well
Quite objectively, they are the least tourist-friendly and there are barely any sights made worth for visiting.
Laiskloom(lazy animal)=sloth
That's kind of an issue indeed.
Not for anymore, because communism
But-but - foreign forces in your territory = occupation.
You also practice logic and critical thinking, get to know about all the stories that are represented in art and literature etc
Well in Tallinn and tartu (the 2 biggest cities) if you're a resident of that city you have free public transport and to travel with the free public transport you have this green card that you put up to the card reader
Buses can be both cheaper and more expensive for the same distance, depending on the carrier, the time of the day and also on how comfy and how quick it is
It's beautiful, it's almost always warm, and it's one of my favourite countries.
Wait is this a joke
I mean, let's be honest, a very big part of it is showing middle finger to the USSR and not just symbolically
Denmark's electricity system is connected to Scandinavia and the mountains you are looking for are in Norway and Sweden
Hmm
There's Cologne which is actually Köln
I think Croatia might be Trans-*[Istria]
60 isn't 100, and I don't mean just self-consumed energy, but the exports
Wow, looks great
Well we have this huge eternal fifth column of anti-independence foreigners living in our land.
Im pretty confident on our allies.
Former leader of the Interfront, lol
All the time when speaking, but never when writing.
Doesn't say anything about inventing the sauna, it's simply a decision that the sauna tradition of the Võro people is an "intangible cultural heritage."
USSR made demands to Finland and still invaded it multiple times, yet this pinko defends them wholeheartedly
what the fuck are you smoking
Also did you know that latvia and estonia will soon start building European largest offshore wind farm
Help them on their soil, or this problem won't go away.
Correct me if I’m wrong but I think both languages can put any words together to make a new word
Hmm first that come into my mind are:
To some extent I can get by in Finland
Well yea, but I as a customer really shouldn't care about that.
I quite sure we have lots of cuisine items that are very similar, so I probably have a lot of favorites.
Not exactly, archaeological findings are from around all of lithuania, Kernavė in particular.
I live in Hungary - I know about this place, but never knew details - so it's interesting to read about these.
Most of that time was wasted as you cannot learn to speak anything like that
Your capital is the nicest in Baltics
There was something about it in 5th grade and something in 9th
With Lithuania we have relatively little in common culturally, far less than with Scandinavians.
*Obligatory "kamelåså" comment*
Well I do get your point but in terms of Cities our capital is quite stressful.
or with "kukkki" , the word consists of "kukk" and the suffix "-ki". instead of saying each individual letter like "khkhkh", you just hold the silent part of the letter K for a bit longer
Most likely for the liberal Reform Party.
It's pathetic that small countries are so openly anti-Russia
Türa (or tra) is a pretty common word, but is mainly used by itself, it's more of a fuck than fucking
Why call yourself a nonexistent ethnicity if you're just a Russian, a well known ethnicity
After that he worked for Radio Free Europe and because of that he couldn't visit Estonia throughout the rest of the Soviet occupation
I hope one day they will get a democratic government again
In Estonia it is rather rare to do bachelor and not do a masters nowadays (they are considered more of a drop-out than a degree, influenced by the fact that before adopting the Bologna system our bachelor took 4 years to do, so a lot of people have 4-year degree and the 3-year one is considered a bit too basic)
It's just that it costs less to keep doing what we do than build nuclear power plants I think
So from that point on if I got any beer it was either from a supermarket or the cheapest beer I could find at the hostel pub (with a discount) which was Fosters
The only other option for the Estonian Russians was to apply for Russian citizenship, which would make their lifes in Estonia considerably harder though
I actually wrote an article about it, too
Iranian constitution did not come into effect in a democratic way (unless you truly believe that 99.5% voters voted for it).
Mexicans are some of the most hardworking folk out there
German would be the easiest compared to its value.
Well this fucking sucks, will at least VPNs work
I want to die when the sun is setting while I'm having lunch
I have also wondered why media doesn't call out left wing populism that we have plenty of in Europe as of now as well.
"Epic Estonia" was one short campaign I think - "Positively surprising" has been used the most lately.
If you make me an admiral in the Italian navy, I'll show you how it can be done.
Even if these are true, that's not NATO, that's the EU...
Most Northern Russians have some Finno-Ugric ancestry...
Military police is only reserved for small amount of tasks like escorting miltary convoys
More or less agreed, but lets say that the anti-democratic propaganda has a 100x greater budget, funded by a neighboring dictatorship and is therefore an actual threat to the democracy itself.
I wouldn't say we have far right or far left parties, perhaps only a few with like a thousand members that usually don't even take part in elections.
102yo as founded in 1918  its our independence day todayy
The more I think about it the more negative sides I can think of, but that's the true estonian way
* Nazi Germany flag with swastika
Most people take a year or two off (during or in between their studies to study abroad, travel or work) and several people change their speciality at some point, so usually people graduate Masters while aged 25 or 26
The rolled R might be difficult for some, like English speakers for example
We have (or had idk) the largest precent of alchoholics per population in the world (estonia)
People from all over Estonia are moving to Tallinn, especially to its suburbs.
oh, and i was shocked to find out that all of the eastern european countries werent in the ussr
When it came to the civil partnership for same sex couples law then it had 2.5 times higher support among Estonians than among non-Estonians.
I'd really like to see a comparative table of different Finno-Ugric cases and what languages they are used in.
The targets of holodomir were kulaks and private farmers.
Which is a bit sad actually, Lindgren's books are mint
(2) Weapons and ammunition shall be carried covertly and in a manner which prevents their loss or entry into the possession of another person, as well as causing accidental damage
It only bothers me when people spell it as "Esti".
something that can't make you stop eating.
They also have weekly/monthly/yearly/etc tickets, they’re still just a slip of paper though
There are always exceptions
Imagine being a Frenchman in France and having to live in a region of German immigrant majority that mostly still supports Hitler.
"Laulupidu" aka a singing festival/party
I know more about religions [in general] than most religious people for sure.
Historically protestant, now very secular.
Well we can vote over the Internet, so...
Think about it, almost 3 month summer vacations and no 9-17 work hours
It was during the 9/11 attacks and I remember there being two parallel death counts on newspaper front pages every day, with a weird twist of events being that Estonia lost five times more people as a percentage of its total population than the US.
It's sad our politicans don't see the value how much money you can make by taxing it
You'll still be Afghan or whatever you were born as.
So the UK is isolating itself, leaving from European Convention on Human Rights, passing strict surveillance laws, and now this?
But I agree that they are most likely taking out large amounts of money without paying anything.
There were tons of movies made about WW2 in Ussr, some of them very high quality
But I really like the **preamble of the Estonian constitution**:
*Allegory
At least I can look forward to the summer when I can go with my bicycle or motorcycle
All of them, if said with a Finnish accent.
I forget words like 'lunch' and 'airplane'.
That sounds like too optimistic criticism
Are there any sign that there will be a majority voting for Article 50?
* Not all towns are the same – there are abandoned ghost towns, but some are also okay-ish, like Jõhvi, Sillamäe or Narva
The first is a famous urban myth in Estonia, but it portrays quite well how censorship worked in the Soviet times.
Yes, me neither, I just
Heck, we even make distinction between white Estonians and white "Estonians", who we don't consider Estonians.
Good, thanks for the clarification.
Considering I made the map, I can find it for you: [here] :)
Svalbard - Teravmäed (sharp mountains)
Because I doubt this is a known joke throughout the entire Eastern Europe.
I was poisoned there once so I don't go there at all
Liberals in american sense are socialists (SDP) in Europe I guess
You all were alright
I love every kind of fish sandwich
Prejudice is, for example, belief that gay people steal little kids.
Yet we are not related to Russians nor speak Russian...
It's a misunderstanding sort of.
This has nothing to do with Latvia, so I don't understand why you're so invested in what estonians think on this topic
I wish all good luck as it won't be a peaceful fight, I just hope there won't be any physical involvement from the east
Something is seriously wrong with Germany if they think Russia is more trustworthy than the USA
Owned colonies, they dont want to talk about it.
Metsatöll - Küü
Nightclubs are increasingly unpopular among the Estonian youth, especially among university students.
80 to 3
Because I don't think I am "entering" Northern Europe when I visit Finland or Sweden.
You’d earn more weird looks as a non-atheist than as an atheist
To speak and to have as an official language is a bit different thing.
"Ice going" is an interesting moment every year when the ice layer cracks and brings the layer of ice with it all along the river.
white nights are easily the best thing about the northern climate imo
The immigration crisis has caused people to take all those trolls seriously, they are getting more likes and upvotes everywhere.
We are quite close with my sister, but she has never talked about her births
Maybe, just maybe, people have also other motivations for doing things.
Do you have hardcore nationalist politicians?
From wild mushrooms to actual moss I think that generally nordic cuisine has a lot to offer
A soft annexation of Belarus would be more likely or even expanding more into Ukraine but by no means im saying that it will happen
Can't be true, Estonians speak quite good English
Due to biological limitations, I would have to plan it for my mid/end-thirties
Vironia]#/media/File:Vironia_lipp.svg), [Corps!
Most recent studies estimate it happened ca.
To be fair, in Estonian you would use declension only on II as well:
If someone says to me specifiacally that they're an atheist the only fear or thought that crosses my mind is that maybe they're going to start spewing some crap from a cringey youtube video which makes /r/badphilosophy look good
Social pressure
This is brutal, oh, my heart...
Well Finnish speaking ones mostly as basically every alcoholic in my family has or is working in Finland and speaks the language
I can see this in my country's political parties as well:
Britan
The new coaliation has already announced it will continue the exact same foreign policy, which is very critical of Russia.
I'm starting a petition to make "European Union" an actual country where every European Union average is withheld, be it wage, population, utility bills, land mass, happiness, female to male ratio etc etc
arrogant
We have no history nor experience with nuclear power
They have such a firm belief that it will all be worth it in the future
You also practice logic and critical thinking, get to know about all the stories that are represented in art and literature etc
Despite being the best, we also had a massive head start and we should be much farther along than 20%
Getting used to a new currency was relatively easy as you had double prices shown for several years.
Estonia aligns heavily with Finland in this regard, having linguistic and cultural ties
I am somewhat unintrigued by the landlocked Central-European countries: Czech Republic,  Slovak Republic, Austria
So what you're saying is
We never felt the distances were too long, quite the opposite, in the end we wished there were more trains to take
You don't know what 1982 USSR was like.
What is this, obligatory "should we federalize?" question of the week?
Funnily enough, with how Estonian pronunciation works, Kevin actually sounds normal unlike most others (Brandon etc)
> I now write a kind of hybrid: block letters that I usually join within words
Visit later
People who grew up to the west of Iron Curtain, what did you imagine life to be on the Eastern side?
Bulgarian however has many characteristics that link it to Slavic languages.
Brita is well not exactly common but most people know what it is and some people even use it frequently
Many people lost their jobs, the social safety net in East Germany became worse, pension ages rose and now East Germany is a benefactor of NATO imperialism in the Middle East and Afghanistan
Maybe there's some truth to it?
I doubt that it would happen in todays political climate.
Even when my family and I visited California, and drove the Pacific Highway, we'd always look for something in the same town we could walk to
we were taught the same
However more precisely Estonia is Northeastern Europe and Serbia is Southeastern.
Currently 20°C at 1632 in South-Eastern Estonia, i'd say its mostly 12-20° with quite common heavy rain and sometimes thunder noises
So does that definitely mean they are not the same Republic of Lithuania that existed until 1940?
Remind me, when was the last time Russia waged a legal war?
So if I randomly had the chance then I would take it.
Lõik liiklusseadust:
Like I said, if most people in some society agree that smth is propaganda(and if the objective truth is that the propaganda leads to harm) it is possible it can be banned without doing any damage to free speech at all.
Mandatory here from the age of 15
Neither is Turkish and Luxembourgish.
Personal pension investment fund
its simple, memorable, striking and looks great in any size
When you look at (there is data up to 2014) you see that Estonia is not at the top there (no recent data on cities).
> none of these things are things that can be done professionally
Like pieces of meat....I...eat my meat...oh god.
There is no nationwide ticket, only for up to about 1 hour trips from Tallinn
The Altaic language tree itself is disputed and the similarities they have with Uralic languages are mere coincidences.
We have a class that I believe starts in the fifth grade
Riga is a mix of medieval and Art Nouveau, with a far more cosmopolitan vibe and Vilnius is more baroque.
I actually second-guessed if I should erase that part as I had finished (didn't realise it while writing) and I should have listened to that impulse
she has her own songs, but she also wrote "Skyscraper" for demi lovato
Estonian kroon was the most aesthetic
I'm pretty sure that our orthography was mostly based on German and not Swedish, that is why we use the letter Ü like the Germans instead of Y like the Swedes.
Yes, but everything left of social democracy is often considered to be radical ideology, not part of the mainstream group.
why some intelligent people might vote differently from what you
The woman [here] is mimicking a Finnish speaker speaking Estonian.
I've only seen *sõtse* (paternal aunt) and *lell* (paternal uncle) in literature.
I can't imagine any party without an alcohol
Besides, you wouldn’t want to have kids, unless you can provide them an economically stable and secure home
One cannot derive any more from this.
Incidentally the concept of "rehi" (a specialized building for the aforementioned crop drying and threshing) itself seems to be confined to North-Eastern Europe - I can't even find an English translation for it
Plenty of things to do on the Internet when the weather is gloomy!
Maybe also the islands, especially Saaremaa
Unlike in the U.K., for example, there is no housing benefit, child benefit or long-term unemployment benefit in Spain."
You should sometimes read over your comments...
Another person, who has learned nothing from 1938-1939...
I use block letters when I want to capitalize something and then write in a style similar to what's printed
Most likely they'll end up in trash, but worst case scenario is just being dumped somewhere
True
How did I forget to mention that
Not sure what this means, but Estonia shares social values with Scandinavia, not with countries further south or to the east
capitalism has killed 500.000.000 people
Nobody talks with anyone on buses here (Tallinn)
the first european invasion in decades?
Actually Baltic countries were never allied with Nazi Germany.
:) Next up there's going to be a statistics graph based on each lofi submission
And the nature has it no better at all
It's not advised to try this, though.
Or better yet, "Do you speak Russian or "Estonian"?"
Shall we do that with other organisations which can't get enough employees too?
2billion per year in structural funding
Why would that even be the case?
They've had a lot of practice with disinformation after all
Natural light is also very important on your way home from work, something that winter time completely takes away
To ruin relations with strong allies for good - how can that possibly be seen with pride?
One tinfoil conspiracy theory nutjob praising another.
It depends how reporter defines label "language skill".
Most countries differentiate between birthright citizens and naturalized citizens in some way, especially in specific citizenship-related rules
It's a very ceremonial office indeed.
I mean, when Moldova was cut away from Romania and annexed into the Soviet Union, then Transnistria was not part of Moldova.
Well it's hard with a slushie
Around 26% of Estonians are Russian speakers.
But what if a person from another European country knows only Russian besides his native language?
aga noh, kurat, nüüd on raha mängus..
It becomes even more apparent if we take domestic violence; there were 57 offenses per 10,000 residents in Ida Virumaa compared to 26 in Harjumaa
Now with covid restrictions, I bet everyone washes less
Other conflicts have been more or less legal.
>Parades of SS veterans
Milk lasts longer in the bag than in a jug.
Ants
Our previous president was born in Sweden and grew up in New Jersey
When I was a little child me and my family used to live in Austria and the only 3 places I had ever been to where Estonia, Austria and the Canary Islands
So what way is it
Rather like the wolf is already there, but it's only chewing the leg, so the others won't react yet.
Better than discovering the back side of a sign warning of a mine field
Needless to say, [memes followed]
there is no tram number five
We all know it's just drunk Estonian.
An utterly different situation.
Hello, my name is John, it is a pleasure meeting/to meet you
". And that's just one example of many such instances I saw when travelling around Europe
It's relatively formal, until it's evening and you meet each other at the bar and then smirk at each other in the morning when you both have a headache.
Especially now, during the migrant crisis.
It does not deserve the attention it gets.
They also have weekly/monthly/yearly/etc tickets, they’re still just a slip of paper though
Pretty much
Unfortunately  none of those countries are in EU or NATO so we can't intervene directly
I'm sorry but I think we didn't have any as if we weren't under anyone's control we were trying to survive in the hostile environment that is eastern Europe
Well the letter Õ. Our anthem is *Mu isamaa, mu õnn ja rõõm*, which means "My Fatherland, My Joy and Happiness", but if you write it with O-s as *Mu isamaa, mu onn ja room*, then it means "My Fatherland, My Hut and Feces".
In the last 12 years the US has gobbled up nearly all the former pro-Russia satellite states in Europe.
condoms
Just came here to see if this was mentioned.
In a time where environment is being prioritised, this should be a no-brainer
Estonians are not Baltic people though.
"Went to the store and accidentally stepped on an old ladies toe, I was about to say sorry but thankfully Ratas was already there" and so on
Oh boy, we have so much more
Water levels are always hard
Nothing , they're both passed out drunk in a soviet age bus station
In my opinion it's inferior, because QR codes take longer to scan and if your phone dies you're out of luck
[This] Wikipedia article suggests otherwise, although it does state that "in modern Faroese the genitive has a very limited use".
You can't drink at a football match
At a regular pub in let's say the student town of Tartu, I'd say 95% don't.
So did my ancestors in Siberia.
Me personally, I never eat soups with sour cream
In my opinion it is not that important, but this is what Trump said:
There is way too much Soviet legacy remaining in Baltic states to not call them ex-Soviet.
Damn Russians have to ruin everything
50% of what you see in Tallinn is not authentic Estonian stuff.
Whenever it gets too hot I just spray water on my arms, legs and sometimes on my hair, if I feel like my head is getting too hot
They seem to manage well, I have no problem with them.
Winter time is abnormal time
French next, probably, even thought it might even be of more use considering the stereotype (true or not) that French people generally don't want to learn English.
In reality though it gets bright at around 10-11 and dark by 2, because sun rises reaaly low relative to horizon and barely iluminates surroundings
Honestly I haven't seen any news about that in Postimees nor ERR recently, neither in Russian nor in Estonian
Our mighty "Big EggMountain" is higher than the Danish hills
"Täitsa kena oled" you are cute
There are just many Slavic languages and there are others that have caught my eye more: Russian as I always like learning new alphabets, Bulgarian cause it has a nice softer sound to it than other Slavics, Slovenian cause is has some really old features (uses "dual", has odd pronouns) and interesting influences and even Ukrainian as I happen to have a few friends who have relatives in Ukraine and listening to them has been really fun
Yeah, I couldn't find the picture of the scaled down version but I've seen it
Without NATO - get attacked, with NATO - get attacked
Also Gorbachev isn't Ukrainian, though he has Ukrainian roots(but that can be said about any Russian born in south Russian region)
But the split between male and female names is not absolute
I have an opinion: If something is sold in a fridge/cooler/refrigerator, it should be kept in the refrigerator at home to try to follow the same circumstances
Not sure this has anything to do with atheism.
Not really imo, I haven't heard of anyone with that name
Oh indeed, remember, remember :)
I’m pretty sure such a referendum would fail and the whole legitimacy problem would be solved
But not both
Yes, but in Estonian there is no difference between the sentences "I will do my homework" and "I am doing my homework".
Ofcourse
Also warning signs for falling icicles are quite common in Estonia
The Bronz age giants in the Mediterranean( Greece, Egypt, Italy, phonetians, and China + Japan + Korea
When 33% of your salary goes to social tax, that pays for healthcare, universities and pensions, it's not "free". It's just guaranteed to most of the society
You don't have to regulate with every other country while having to abide to some rules EU as a whole votes for
Our reputation in the music industry is probably that we're pretty big into every kind of drug out there
Edit: or like in a Hippopotamus - hippo: horse, potamus: river -> river horse ;)
im fucking dying here
M/S Estonia
Yes, but Finland looks retarded just a little bit more, so they win!
sputnik
Because the Estonian SS units did not participate in any exterminations, this is [a historical fact]
Bydgoszcz, Poland for me, with 346,739 inhabitants
Remove counter strike and put "attempting to" after remember and change planting to plant
> Protests erupted, led by angry students, who blamed the accident on the fact that it is now darker in the mornings than it was before
The national minimum curriculum defined by the law is rather detailed and the books are usually quite the same between schools - there are simply not that much different coursebooks available as there are like only one million people who speak Estonian in the whole world
The difference obviously exists, but the difference is not as stark.
hyvää syntymäpäivää!
My grandfather actually was a racecar driver in the USSR, in the top 3 in the Baltic states I think
Not correct, but funny at least.
That's what happens if you are personally responsible for killing someone's ancestors, whom your grandparents still personally remember.
No, you can visit them with an EU ID card, until the UK stops allowing them
* USSR flag
Need sinna juurde veel
Joke's on you - my country never really had its own monarchy!
Ludicrous
We don't get offended by that :)
You can see some clear political motives for both of these groups to use things that happened so long ago that nobody knows anymore to their advantage
Pärnu - Pernau
Czechia maybe
How can you even compare the two??
Those are big enough realistic reasons, for sure, but not really symbolically important.
What about the Portuguese dialects/accents of other former Portuguese colonies, have you ever heard them?
Little intelligence in you, ja?
And it's not that we like, we just don't have any cleaner energy resources.
They have a pretty good opportunity to not open shop every day of the week if they don't want to.
The main reason for our slow performance is that our labour force grew tired of low wages and now wages are ridiculously higher than in other nearby post-socialist countries, meaning that we've lost a competition advantage when investing into new businesses in Latvia and Lithuania will be much more beneficial due to their lower wages.
Average wage is meaningless, a minority get paid that much
Putin absolutely despises Clinton.
Happy cake day
Make sure to visit the new Estonian Maritime Museum the next time, it will be worth it!
Most of the vikings lived in our two biggest islands of Saaremaa and Hiiumaa
Most would say "black-skinned" (*mustanahaline*, pl.
Looking forward to it before the lighthouse collapses.
Tallinn experience is better: the bike lane is a...bike width suicide lane along a major magistrale road, but cars still park there
Before this Belarus rarely if ever had protests
I'd love to live there for a short while, but of course not for any longer period as it would get a little depressing
Especially for border regions, it can be just a strategical choice once in a while to visit the other country and buy products that are cheaper there
We are just studying about that now in Estonia :D
Most popular/average person's name..
extremely hard
How the heck can you just disregard the fact that they have a cooperation agreement with Putin's party???
Same-ish situation in Estonia
Too moderate, literally Pol Pot
The year when everything happens...
But to be serious, casting aside the couple of warm-ish(12degrees) and rainy days right now I'd actually say that this
The carst based river system is really cool, luckily both Croatia and Slovenia are in my to-visit list anyway
The American war films werent shown in Ussr either
"Covert racists, overt racists, not actually independent"
" With unwavering faith and a steadfast will to strengthen and develop the state which embodies the inextinguishable right of the people of Estonia to national self-determination and which was proclaimed on 24 February 1918, which is founded on liberty, justice and the rule of law, which is created to protect the peace and defend the people against aggression from the outside, and which forms a pledge to present and future generations for their social progress and welfare, which must guarantee the preservation of the Estonian people, the Estonian language and the Estonian culture through the ages, the people of Estonia, on the basis of § 1 of the Constitution which entered into force in 1938, and in the referendum held on 28 June 1992, have adopted the following Constitution
This only applies to busses though
Estonians in general are very nationalistic, but not in the political sense of the word.
Also minority cultures are dying in Russia, as the education and government services are only provided in Russian
Probably missed some
Non-American ("squi-rel") of course.
They have never been a democracy, they have always been ruled by a corrupt dictator
French - abricot
For example if you go fishing on a lake you have to buy a ticket for that location online, in an app or send a paid sms
Petersburg railway and a massive population boom (don't know why) for only Tallinn in the interwar period
It is in utter bad taste though as the letters SS kind of represent the worst in Nazism fanatics and the Baltic units were named after that
Being a billionaire is not a crime against equality because everyone can become entrepreneurer in nordic countries and thus become a billionaire - that's what equality should be all about.
Eh, maybe a bit
According to this formula if an extremely rich individual would move to Estonia and everything else would stay the same our score would lower.
Perks of never having lived under communism.
Estonian firemen under the Tartu "Devil's Bridge": 1929 & 2017
a) black bread - ham - cheese - cucumber
But the same people who'll push this agenda will be the same people to fly Waffen-SS flags at rallies (the 20
Well as far as the situation goes, Im sitting in Barcelona, near the Passage de garcia station and everything is exactly the same
Either a photographer took picture at a wrong time or this guy is very smooth brain
One important thing to note here is that Litvinenko wasn't a 'spy'.
Jokes are supposed to be relevant to the subject in hand, that's when they get funny.
i almost died laughing when i found out lol
Have a good hard look at the positioning of countries in the sidebar-Christmas-tree.
For those you need to pass a medical exam, get first aid training and pay the fees
It's a Russian expressing a mainstream view in Russia about what the EU should be in his opinion
Can you expand on that "found out she's from Estonia" part
The CIA leak was a good thing, but the equivalent leak on Russia's IC would be at least as interesting.
It's always the russians
Pesukaru(wash bear)=raccoon
(it was really 87 tanks to reinforce Eastern Europe).
Btw did you know that pretty much all Estonian kids read read "A Pál-utcai Fiúk" at school
Again with this accent thing - the word should be reserved for people speaking a non-native language only.
It doesn't make sense to do a driving test once and it's valid for your whole life
Jesus, how unintelligent can you be?
Personally my favourite Estonian movie is "Truth and Justice"
with commie blocks
usually the rule is that a maximum of 2 of the same letter can be next to each other in a word
I used to shower every other day (I basically don't sweat), but as my bathroom is in renovation it's more like every 4-5 days now, as it's a big hassle
We do however pay 300+ euros for a two room apartment plus utilities(which can be over 150 during winter months) in Tartu
Cost is 25€ but the government can reduce or waive it if you have financial difficulties, and lasts 5 years
Accents are only for pronunciation, dialects may have grammatical and vocabulary differences.
The most horrible traffic was in Berlin downtown, their traffic system is so weird and doesn't seem coordinated at all
Maybe the shape, lihapall/frikadell are more round and kotlet is flattened a bit (like a patty then?).
“Skype is an Estonian invention/idea/thing”
* Belarus (the illegitimate dictatorship, not the people)
It can be done here in Tallinn as well (if you have credit card with contactless payment enabled)
US citizens can visit EU without a visa for up to 90 days
Actually Swedbank in 2014 took out 400 MEUR of profit and paid
On a good day (for kitesurfing) it's 80% of domestic energy usage.
I had a 2001 Seat Ibiza, a two-doored nightmare.
I havent go to it yet but i can say for certain that people have nostalgia for tgeir childhood not communism
We arent going to be next
What about the text is even puzzling to you at all?
Yes they did, a few times, not long before the referendum.
My family gatherings are usually pretty boring but sometimes my grandpa drinks too much and starts talking about some random stuff and it's actually pretty funny listening to him
I just graduated, what do you want from me?
Only actually met 3 or 4 nice Russians in my 30 years of life
If I'm in the bedroom, I'd put her in the bedroom.
You will not have a pleasant stay in Maardu...
I find that disappointing, I love using "cazzo"
It also exists in Estonian (kiitma) and the Latvian dziedāt just means 'to sing'.
Visiting all of them would definitely be almost impossible, quite like for Estonia with our 2,222 islands.
You can be well off in your country but if you don't live in western Europe then traveling can be pretty difficult and I imagine that Estonia is pretty well off in that regard anyway
It really baffled me how they still use paper tickets in Vienna
it might not be as *cool* as your eight mixed countries, but you're not the only country in the world to have different nationalities intermingle.
Stop acting like a complete cupboard hinge
i have since been to torino, italy, and can confirm that it's in fact in italy, even if i still forget sometimes
Some pictures of it happening today
Idk I saw others doing that
I'm sorry, we've never had a giraffe in any of our zoos.
Like with a parliamentary democracy?
are the real ones
What if you were born under Nazi occupation?
I guess this may raise questions about families not teaching the native language to their kids, which is quite normal
The extreme peace and cooperation
Major cities are pronounced a bit more comfortably for Estonians (major differences with English in bold):
It mostly affected the society and not the culture.
Oh my, Tooji is like that fuckboy who has so much attention from girls that nobody has ever told him how terrible this is
Yet Swedish and Norwegian aren't considered to be the same language by linguists, but Serbo-Croatian is.
and by “right” right wing I mean socially conservative and economically liberal
especially useful for names of animal species or more niche foods which you cant always just check in a dictionary
President is chosen by parliament
I will never forget that three hours of winter this winter
Terrible streering, acceleration, and super noisy.
Yeah, my parents live 5-6 hours drive from me and have visited my place 3 or 4 times in the 10 years that I have lived here
I have always considered butter as a key ingredient in making sandwiches.
They're gonna get annexed by the Spanish king
5 out of 6 Estonian MEPs voted for NO
It's pretty logical that the offset from the mean is larger above-mean than below-mean, hence why the average is way above the mean
Yep, it's organized by the Estonian emigre community there
Palju õnne, Leedu
Isn't that the case everywhere
&#x200B;
I'm really pleased with this result
I dont care for AfD, but aren't you as a German tired of being associated with Holocaust and WW2 already?
Over time with compound interest investing is smartest choice
So yeah, the contrast between Narva and say Viljandi is really very big
Looking at the most common route, taking a train for \~200km is \~10€ if you buy full price and \~7
It's still present in Estonia
It's not that crazy
§ 1
There was no country of Finland when Sweden expanded into the east, there were only unorganized Finnish tribes.
Like very country we have our "default" stuff on sale.
No, I am not a Slavo-phobe (as I said, neither do I think much about "Austrian German", I prefer German German)
We have a coalition leader that is a pro-Kremlin party and two ministers did not sign a parliament declaration to condemn the Soviet deportations from Estonia.
Ancestral is ridiculous and way too subjective.
Terrorism is just an excuse
I could imagine that it would get really annoying, especially if you had nothing to do with it.
We had a little bit of snow in November
And that's for a single lane of a two-lane highway!
We have Jaffa in Estonia too
Estonian has üleeile and ülehomme, which literally mean over-yesterday and over-tomorrow.
I would still consider Tartu and Pärnu and maybe a few other cities to not quite be the wild west, but other than that it basically is wilderness lol
Uralic people and Indo-Europeans are not ethnically related
I think the Nazi Germany recognized it, but post-nazi Germany withdrew the recognition.
There are plenty of Dacha-type cottages in Estonia too, mostly around the Russian speaking neighborhoods.
"Käima" here means more like "to go" as in to "to go to a shit" or "to go for a shit", but yeah "to walk on shit" sounds funnier
Dear six-toed neighbor, we already made several comments about us being slow.
I think I've seen one or two Sikh turbans ever in Estonia.
[Here is a walkthrough of Russian false news campaign about 3000+ American tanks coming to Europe to warmonger against Russia]#.xnjaq3vg9).
Why Finland police fuck Norway
Even now their support is around 15% and it's unnaturally high.
Although I live in Tallinn, I basically only go out on weekends in Tartu.
- 1 euro: 1 liter of milk
Russia as an ally of the EU would benefit us all, but these are just empty words
Doesn't that kinda make it
clean / fin
I'm sure they believe every summer cottage has a dishwasher.
I really loved the system
This map comes up once a month there.
If that was the case, there would not be any consequences of any major historical events, nor there would be any wars
Here's a better overview of the genetic distances of current European populations
The average quality of life and income has risen in every country that has joined the EU.
Here in Estonia it's still e-post (e-mail) or simply "meil" (basically same as English "mail")
Happy cake day
Third: we also go to the forest regurlarly to pick mushrooms (idk how common it is in other places)
In terms of actually being practical for the whole humanity, it's much more grand than sending couple of guys to the moon and  bringing some rocks back
Lol, haven't even heard that one.
If you listen closely, you can hear Italy crying in the distance
At which point does the "encircling" begin?
Where is that
The national minimum curriculum defined by the law is rather detailed and the books are usually quite the same between schools - there are simply not that much different coursebooks available as there are like only one million people who speak Estonian in the whole world
The Paris Climate Agreement is about money, not about climate
We, latvia and lithuania had our blues with communism and russians and so we detest communist symbols, but to associate the color red with communism is too far fetched, and again frankly dumb
Why, in Estonian, *kus viga näed laita, seal tule ja laida!*
Bought an apartment a few years ago, slowly planning on getting a house in a few years, my s.o. is interested in economy and money, so pretty active with investment stuff by now and also gives me advice on that matter
Russian is quite useful among the service industry, you can easily get by.
I see Finns go to Pärnu tho for cheap Spa's and stuff
Sorry that your government is shite
So few in Russia and none in Belarus
I don't actually think of another language that has two written standards for what is suppose to be the same language.
But hey, I'm just one of those few freaks who enjoy even +40°C  ))
I have thought about it and honestly I think the fact that Apple is domestic and other stuff foreign probably made a huge difference in the beginning in the US
I have a feeling that some of the ban advocates are Greenpeace types that don't really seek compromise and are totally willing to make false claims or exaggerate
Indeed, more and more Estonians are getting the "meh, don't care" sentiment, while Russians mostly stay just as conservative.
During middle ages, Estonia was controlled by the Teutonic order (what exactly is it's relationship to Germany is foggy to me, but I assume it came down to the fact that the dudes spoke what was considered German)
Al dente is the best
In December it gets dark before 4pm
Ussr was already crumbling by late 80s and Gorbachev didn't want to use force to hold the power forever
Sites like the one in my above example.
I barely get Latvian ones still, but I do see a disproportionate amount of Irish ones around here, in my opinion.
I felt at Monaco like how I imagine a someone from Kongo might feel like in a regular European country, the cars people were driving cost more than I have made in my whole life
Countryhumans but actually good
In fact, only Estonia and Latvia did
Uzbek sons of bitches
The difference was that they dressed up as bums or wanderers as the tradition comes from a former obligation of every parish to support their poor in times of need
Sorry to nitpick, but i just want to say that Latvian and Lithuanian aren't Slavic, but Baltic.
78% of all power generation]
Yet again, same solution as mentioned above
That could of course be true and if you say so then I believe you.
Also "conocerte" because it's "nice to meet *you*" Otherwise I'd agree with that translation :)
Ma pühin su siit maamunalt täpsusega, mida kunagi varem pole nähtud, võid selles kindel olla.
Medicine has really high competition and I bet they got some kids just applying every year, hoping to get in on a year that had harder exam than their own year was
>Drinking alcohol in the street being socially acceptable
40-2
You mean a parliamentary monarchy?
Same for Estonia
Why do you think that any effort to counter propaganda must be propaganda itself?
Ah, again comparing Putin to Hitler, such a logical view!
Raising petrol prices or instituting a car tax will raise your expenses
No anti-German sentiment here, we're to preoccupied with russians
Do you have gender-neutral words for aunt/uncle or mother/father?
I personally don't really have any clothes with logos on them (though the [Vans sneakers] maybe do have
I actually think it should be far more federal than it is right now, but I also think we need to replace the EU with something actually built on democratic values.
While other former block countries did the same but then Russian still had some power and some of those protests became bloody with people getting killed, run over by APC's etc
Reading the comments indicates that they're free.
1 - Bill is proposed by an MP(s), a party faction, a standing committee or by the government;
Baltic countries get additional colouring to mark that there're some ethnic minorities, while the rest of the countries do not.
Then again this "the right not to tolerate the intolerant"can be shaped to counter legit criticism as well, it really depends on your definition of tolerance and intolerance.
Petersburg, and at that latitude the seasonal variance is pretty big
There is a reason this type of torture is banned in many countries.
For people who have their own house, owning a flag is probably more common than not (judging by the # of flags I see raised on flag days)
Higher and lower wages are in European countries outside the EU
[i climbed that]
When topics about my own country then sometimes there is not an English page
Whooh, I'm not Eastern European then.
Umm, it's not like they did it for shits and giggles tho.
Even now there are many problems and construction hasn't even started yet in Estonia
All pre-Soviet occupation citizens and their descendants have been provided automatic Estonian citizenship, so he was able to become the President in 2006
I understand the international varieties of Spanish, English etc.
Maybe it's spelled "woki doki" or maybe it's walkie talkie, when we say it it sounds childish
I am a *pelgurandlane*, *põhjatallinlane*, *tallinlane*, *harjumaalane*, *põhjaeestlane*, *eestlane*, i.e.
>Also, no offense, but Lasnamäe is indeed sketchy as hell, but oh,well, at least it's not Kopli
TBH I never thought about it much.
Actually the Russians were pretty popular overlords until Nikolai II.
We fight
* 1991-present
Better for older time periods, but even then it was more of the propaganda then real history
I know a person who had his book translated into Dutch and a respectable Dutch publisher printed it and sells it, but the author has not received any royalties or contractual payment at all.
I’d say all of Northern Europe, except for Denmark
Not in Estonian, many if not most people here say [usa] instead of [uu-ess-aa].
Yet now they see that a lot of the immigrants reject that view.
Definitely to emphasize how intergrated the id system is
[This video] and [that one as well]
It has aged well
The inland regions saw less Norse influence, but it was probably some kind of a mix everywhere
Can Estonia into Nordic
As with Denmark, we use them both.
It's really nice that u don't have to worry about hiding the drugs
General observations can give you a good view of how well a country is doing.
* Even non public clinics and healthcare is not as crazy expensive as in US (though that might be just linked to generally lower cost of life)
autumn is a bit colder than others
My Danish teacher had a problem with the naiming system in Estonia
I know
Countries are based on constitution.
I am afraid problem is not just oil&gas, there are also major business interests in Russia
This is pretty amazing too, but honestly most of Metsatöll's songs are great
It's a direct translation of the english phrase
Afaik Soviets used Estonia as an experiment.
Heck most cities I've seen don't have consistent side walks
Thanks for this warm story
i mean, what was their idea
Costs the same as a single ticket using the prepaid card
A foreign accent is incorrect while a "native accent" is just as correct as that of any other region.
Good for them for 2014, but they didn't a fraction of that in 2013.
I guess im used to it
Where's this
But today the West was "provoking Russia"
If it is geography, it gets complicated, even if you look at the map you see that Baltics are out of place, as they seem to belong to either Northern or Eastern Europe
Estonia is pretty much the same
Why are you so worried about this?
Haha the tour guy used that line too, quite like Antwerpen though, central area at least
Most of the vikings lived in our two biggest islands of Saaremaa and Hiiumaa
Damn, I forgot the lennu, thanks for the correction
If you drop a slice of bread on the floor, you better give it a kiss or you're not a true Estonian.
It doesn't just mean the extremely radical version of it.
When I visited Copenhagen and Arhus I felt that the Danes were talking very loudly
Metskits(forest goat)=Roe deer
We all agree that we are in the baltic, the rest is opinion, so heres mine
Around 10 years ago I was in Turkey on vacation in autumn, and when we arrived there, pilot of the plane reported that the weather is sadly "a bit chill". It was +20 outside
Give back Pechory before lectures on Gibraltar
I've been there, albeit quite many years ago.
We definitely have honey flavored cereals
It bothers me when one Finnic nation is considered part of a specific region, while the other is conveniently forgotten and tossed into another group, whose name at least coincides with a linguistic term that doesn't apply to us and whose one member we have far less in common than with Scandinavia.
Russo-Norwegian pidgin language up there.
A typical show of this type I guess, shows boring small town life even though it's filmed in the suburbs of Tallinn most of the time
It's the hypocrisy I can't stand.
9/10
Because I'm relatively certain the media focuses on such seemingly important issues in every country.
Moldova, the country that just can't decide.
Is Latgalian intelligible with standard Latvian?
I personally don't think idealism is bad, as long as the idealist is more invested in pragmatic solutions than empty slogans.
But i doubt you are walking arround with brownies all the time and smoking smells and can't be done that discreet
That car with an Estonian plate was probably just someone on a road trip
I.e they might have been in top 10% then and are now average, but overall still wealthier.
Also groups of words like järgi/järele/järel are kinda the same but using them correctly is pretty tricky
Why do you feel the need to defend communism if you are a social democrat
But there's horrible wind and blizzard, so there's that...
For example Standard Estonian for "potato" is *kartul* and islanders call it *tuhvel*, but both come from the German *Kartoffel*.
Chilly - 5
Average rent for a 2-room apartment would be from 350 to 450, with most options being 400-450
Every map is posted like four times until the last goon understands that it has been posted before.
While in that scheme there is not much to report about
See nimi
Back then, student organizations played a huge role in Estonia, especially in the student town Tartu.
Russia has a lot more potential than the Baltics but still fails improve the standard of living of most of the people.
True
Basically my comment under the previous chart still applies:
The difference between garlic bread in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and garlic bread in civilised countries.
oh god are those IB learner profiles I see on the walls
Also, pretty ironic to hear that from swede, when 75% of adult swedes invest in funds
Would add to this list
From what I understand both Tories and Labour would love to cancel Brexit, but no one wants to take the PR hit, so here's Jeremy kicking the ball to the Tories.
“Minuga ei maksa norida” is the harder part
two potato
If this shit happens, No law can stop the internet,
We can relate
Who is this "they" you are speaking about, "squirreling away power"?
Estonians and Finns are the related ethnicities and Latvians and Lithuanians are the other related ethnicities with the two groups not being related
That Russian lying machine has of course weaknesses ...
Rent + real estate, if you ever plan to buy.
You can find all sorts of dissenting opinions, but general consensus remains the same.
For example there's only 3 places where you can drive from Valga to Valka - where the checkpoints used to be
Estonians, Dutch people, Latvians, Greeks, Finns - they are all ethnic groups, specifically ethno-linguistic groups, who all have their own cultures
(if you have any idea, that is.) just wondering out of curiosity.
So yeah we were kinda screwed either way
We need to follow traditional municipal borders!
This is just quite an Orwellian comment if you think about it
All the Eastern European Countries has voted for right-wing-populistic politicians
Indeed, and that's why I think Estonia should be criticized *if* we weren't moving towards implementing more green energy.
So its nice to have a functional thing inside old buildings if they keep the decor and somewhat adapt their own style to the place
Problem is - barely any of those movies were shown on the western side of the Iron curtain
So being an atheist is kind of a default option
Bystander effect is real but you are thinking about Kitty Genovese case.
Same
Is that why Russia has a history of invading these territories?
If the economy is too dependent on one field, then its failure will surely destroy the local community...
I think it's a one way street for now.
I don't even think this depends on the culture, this is just common sense.
now that I think about it that way, I'm surprised I've never heard of a 'Kruuda is a communist' conspiracy theory...
we usually just use present tense and imply the future part of it with adverbs such as tomorrow, next week, soon, etc
The sign says "have a nice trip!" as in "Bon Voyage!", but it also means "good roads".
Well, we can use the ID cards to travel anywhere in the EU (plus the UK until the end of the year I think)
Doubt they are different than jokes about Scotland from any other country.
There are many older style highrises in NYC that I liked, but some of the ones from especially the 1970s and 1980s felt like they are just a huge boring facade the first 10 floors or so
Plus the youth has far worse Russian language skills anyways, with many refusing to effectively study it in school.
Pretty typical unfortunately, the Ukrainans suffered a whole separate genocide even before the war and most people know very little if anything about it too
There was recently [a film] about the same concept
* Maja (E: house/F: hut)
Besides, everyone who had citizenship in 1940 had it restored, and their descendants got it automatically.
I can't say that's way off, but that's at least a little off.
Terrified Russia is going to try and annex Estonia as some point (again)
Oh don't we two know about that...
Cooperating with actual socialists is just...
While a local craft beer can be anything from 2€+ in a shop
I've never lived further than 10 minutes from a bigger store
But he never spoke chuvash and was raised amongst educated Russian class of citizens
A 2 gig movie in 3-4 mins
This is not about ethnicity, not as much as Mr Otsergaard would like to convince...somebody, other than his supporters.
Dšon meid his uei tu ei taven thru thö daak forst ounly tu faind äut thät hi fogot thö mani
Great student town, lived there for 7 years, now I long for it so much that I visit it every other weekend from Tallinn.
It was a repressive totalitarian dictatorship and there was an ongoing civil war there.
I'll tell you when i see one
) - so of course
Plus adding together geographically detached regions is not the point of this hype train.
Oui oui, la souris est en dessous de la table
Also, you can't vote in the national elections in another member state, but can in the EU elections and local elections if you live there long enough.
At the moment, far-right means all anti-EU parties in Europe, at least for me.
i know a lot more cities, but just not that one lol
But I wouldn't notice them on the street.
In Estonia these temperatures are very rare even in the summer, and in the evening it's always less than 20
Mu isamaa on minu arm (my homeland is my love)
I mean, they are quite populous, no need for higher concentration
So could you please link me source about Lithuanian "flat out refusal"?
Among age groups the lowest is noncitizens 40-59 and highest among people under 30
Desire to harm yourself is considered a serious psychological problem.
But europe needs less left wing and more right wing touch at the moment in my opinion
Most likely the territories that were heavily Russified during the Soviet occupation
I doubt there are many who would choose getting home at 9 PM and resting in the middle of the day...
>Drop a Scot in New Zealand and another in Moldova and ask them a week in which one encountered the most cultural similarities
I wouldn't mind an occasional update of the political state in France but holy hell everyday flooding with 2-3 threads of posts just gets annoying.
Since we only used to visit Estonia during summer time I was profoundly convinced, that the Estonian climate is the same as the one on the Canary islands
Why claim they are something else?
So far I have not seen the necessity for Russian language.
Going to the office was easy, I lived next to the office building, by accident
In addition to "spikker" already mentioned in some other comments, another (somewhat more archaic) word for cheat sheet is "puks", "(maha) puksima" = to cheat, to copy (down)
Is there a way to track it or find out when it delivers?
Imperialism, historical revisionism, suffocating internal discontent with a foreign policy victory, slowly destroying the European security system, bringing back Russia as a regional superpower, stopping Ukraine from joining EU/NATO etc.
Liberals in american sense are socialists (SDP) in Europe I guess
They all work with the same principle - you enter your package number and the door opens
For my money, as far as I can tell it's the best country in the world.
I'm planning to go jogging tonight and it takes like 5 thin layers of clothing to feel warm enough.
The Finnish and Estonian rally driver accent is pretty horrible.
From Tartu it's also like half a day's journey as the train schedule is not aligned on the border and you have to wait in Valga for a couple of hours
I think I have seen everything now
Or of any shooting for that matter
You would not survive our winter.
The youngest "real word" I could find was demarche even though I can't recall ever hearing it out loud
This is a nice thread and I had no intentions on making it nasty and political
Sexuality is irrelevant, almost nobody cares.
Try to explain it to people near you when you cough in public transport
Or [“Laul Põhjamaast”]  (starting from 1:10)
What in principle could they have done better?
But I am from Northern Europe and this is probably different in the South
Well, Duh, it’d go bad in a day if it wasn’t refrigerated
Yep
It's a nice country, please visit, but you know
Considering that nobility in Estonia was almost entirely composed of Baltic Germans, who resettled to Germany in 1939, then almost none still belong to their original owners.
Well [Edgar Savisaar] is like Trump, although left-wing instead of right-wing.
city traffic is terrifying too, havent tried riding there yet, i usually ride on the sidewalks and go for longer trips into the forest or to these special rollerblading/bicycling roads
reflectors and the enjoyment of the dark really help
Well if you say ''Immigrant'' then people don't think that you are talking about russians who came here 30years ago.
I don't think we're inherently better than Eastern Europeans, but not being under the yoke of the Soviet Union certainly gave many Western European countries a boost in many ways.
And how is this not the case now?
I've had sour cream on pizza in Russia
Not really, I've added a link to this message that has the KFC locations in Tallinn
tbh it's probably Italy
I mean, I have personally experienced that very same subculture in Poland.
I mean Transylvania is a part of EU now so you never know
Especially if UK really leaves the EU
Funny how you say that, I know some Danes that moved to Estonia and say they like it a lot more
This looks like architectural rape, to be honest
Cold and rainy
We have to agree to disagree then.
And yandex taxi is actually available not only in Russia
A really gentle piano piece from an Estonian composer, that I often listen to at night, when alone and painting/reading/writing/yoga/etc
That is a very real threat considering Russian current foreign policy and recent history.
Which, might be a suprise, is a European language
Plenty of nations in both Eastern and Western Europe, who don't..
It is absolutely OK to call the entire post-socialist Europe EE if you want to compare them with each other, or talk about post-socialist economies, their history in the Cold War context etc.
Luxurious 120sq m flat in the center of Tallinn -[
Some advantages -
more or less, but it's not PC enough for this sub to think like that.
There are different cases for different situations like: into, in, from, onto, on, from the top of etc.
First thing I noticed
I love it when one day its 20°c at noon and the next its 0°c
What is a second language today, may be a first language tomorrow.
More like "soil", which is value no
No, at least half of it was taken from French
I myself am Estonian and thinking of contacting my MEPs but unsure of what to write for them and what to do to make them take us seriously
–o–
It is not compulsory, but if they do, there is a national curriculum (to ensure that it is a useful subject and not just someone teaching only their own beliefs, they have to cover many religions etc)
Eastern Europe and Northern Europe in a nutshell, respectively.
[Right]
From what I've seen then people on reddit tend to be generally more intelligent than your average joe who doesn't surf the web as much as a redditor does.
Definitely British English, if rumours are true she's now a head master in England
Not even joking
Sadly, they won't be much cool and peaceful when they die from Covid-19
Not super rare but most people don't have them
(Which happened after SU had its armed forces in Baltic states and had organized general elections with only communist party candidates
Yeah, we have similar systems for fishing etc
Estonia: 25% Russians, but 30% Russophone (includes mostly Ukrainians and Belarusians and Tatars).
The US natives actually have wide autonomies, quite unlike the nominally autonomous ethnic groups in Russia.
- 7 (N) - Lämmastik
Old stone houses with wooden doors on the other hand
Everywhere else I've been, water is perfect in my opinion
Not many thunderstorms in Estonia but when there are I love them, sometimes even go chasing if severe ones occur (derechos, smaller tornadoes)
From a quick search it seems *pale lager* is the closest term to it in English
I just moved to Tallinn from Tartu because of that.
Yeah they had their own totalitarian dictatorship to replace Nazism.
There are some dog parks, but that's about it.
Lol sa pole kuulnud sest kasutati, saksa ajal
But in slang people use "Limps" too
The president usually doesn't have much power but has a lot of representative responsibility,  so it is of some importance
The roadtrips down south makes us almost Nordic :)
I wouldn't say Finland is the best.
But that's because we did
...and healthcare
There are a lot of young people also, who do not straight out hate LGBT people, but for some bizarre reason (see /u/Kilahti comment) they are against same sex partnership laws.
Anna-Liisa), but nowadays the hyphen is more often omitted
5l Jägers in him
Even if it means creating the means and incentives for millions of immigrants to come to Europe to destroy the cultural legacy we have here in the Old World.
Our cannons are cocked and ready!
Pretty much everything works as long as possible because customers keep coming
Soviet Union also created industries and increased the economy.
Hahaha, someone has edited the english page to refer to Ratas as 'Sitaratas'.
I've interacted with mostly Neo-Lithuania and RePublica.
Its better
Unfortunately there is a sizable minority who sees Estonian members of WW2 pro-German collaborationist divisions and security units in a more positive light
In trams you lack even this option
Ayy poetry club
Yeah sure, the nation that has been under serfdom for basically 650 years and occupied by foreign powers by 750 years has a lot of guilt...
And here i was, high and mighty, about to say that Estonians don't have IT problems
Also, no offense, but Lasnamäe is indeed sketchy as hell, but oh,well, at least it's not Kopli
what you said was a fact ireland was a part of the united kingdom but now its not a member of it .
Most countries usually have the [Fourth Estate] meaning the media is *de facto* another branch of government.
All the graveyards look pretty much like this:
[Right]
I think popular enough it should be legal (won't probably happen before some other big neighbours legalize it) . I know there are a lot of sunday smokers who do it rarely
is Estonia just like Finland with those?
I wouldn't say Estonians miss it.
It's more so a first time show of force by any real opposition but sadly unless things really escalate Luka could hold on to power
No, thanks, it's my third language.
I am myself a member of an Estonian student corps.
Elected =/= democratically elected
If I am not mistaken, that's the chain the Night King borrowed to reclaim the dragon
Is it true that the Swedish police uses horses
[This] is as regular as a milk package can come in Estonia, but I've heard it's not common at all in many European countries.
But i even hate if someones uses Windows in Estonia, some translations make no sense (Same with phones)
* USSR flag
>If everyone had just gone home and had a nice cup of tea
a lot of years since I went to town hall square to have a beer there
A racetrack
Sügisball(Autumn Ball)
It is about the extremely boring daily lives of extremely boring people in an extremely boring fictional Estonian small town.
And I don't care whether I survive the winter!
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't concerned right now.
Cursive
Military police is only reserved for small amount of tasks like escorting miltary convoys
I think Finland has more important problems in their agenda than same-sex partnership
Rich and poor talk more or less the same Standard Estonian.
ER is free, but depending on how critical your situation is and how busy they are at the moment, you might need to sit in the waiting room up to 6 hours.
You can’t. You can only swipe your Ühiskaart (public transport card) which everyone uses since only this way you get a free ride
I am not saying they are always clean in all their actions, but they definitely aren't doing it for imperialistic reasons, at least not in the sense of stealing someone else's territory.
Not possible in communities that believe their religion to be above everyone and every law and custom around them.
Awful, awful weather all the damn time
Yeah, I had a friend who hanged himself.
In Estonia we used to say 'hernesupp' which means 'pea soup' but now we've taken a more international approach and say 'cheese' more
It's one of the top countries in terms of average height and it has a low crime rate
I also had the chance to study Arabic language at school and later took a course at uni, too
[Kuressaare]#/media/File:Kuressaare_linnus_%C3%B5hust.jpg) and [Narva]#/media/File:Narva_castle_2008.JPG) are quite well preserved, but yeah, we have [many castle ruins]#Ordulinnused).
Actually, I was just discussing this fact with my friend a few days ago - that Libya is so big on the map, but that I can't really recall anything specific about it
Looks like this year we are going Iceland for getting that nice warm sun
Yes but we are talking in english here.
Portugal: could we start some kind of a seaside-countries club in Europe
>The Museum of the Occupation of Latvia \[...\] The Museum's Mission: \[...\] Remember what happened to Latvia, to the people and  land of Latvia during the Soviet and **German National Socialist regimes**, from 1940-1991;
The first rule of Russian Federation is: you never talk about Federation.
These people are very affected by external influences and probably would be less inclined to vote for the best interest of the country they live in
The pretty landscape doesn't help that much I presume.
Thanks for the clarification
France to Libya, [...] Germany to Greece etc.
What a nice way to discredit the anti-Sunday shopping agenda, by including themselves in the discussion..
I wouldn't say [Coca-Cola's kvass] is weird, it has rather become quite mainstream.
Thank you
And it does happen all around Northern Europe.
The cycling infrastructure of the Netherlands
Same-ish situation in Estonia
How are your local demonyms called in your native language?
It's the only way to live: getting salary of the capital, while being able to live in a normal place (not so expensive, not full of cars etc)
It is the job of the national, regional and local governments to find new ways to restructure the market and for people to actively move into new sectors.
Not like local people actually wanted to join an organization that would protect from a empire next door who, in various names, has shown aggression towards us right
> pretty small city
Perhaps you guys don't fathom that these could be our honest answers ;)
Mis see sinu probleem on kui keegi vigu parandab ja rumalusega võitleb?
kinda fucked up in my opinion
It's bizarre
i have to say the name sounds exactly how it looks
All of their policies in the past decade has been "do as major corporations want, get paid (in cash)".
20 minutes after yesterday, Portugal is warmer, but UK
I didn't even know Western Europeans were so unintelligent and biased before they started making these maps...
Issue is that such a monument doesn't exist
But due to political pressure, no president has ever decided to be very active in state policy.
Looks like regular whitebread, what is it?
There are plenty of small countries in the EU that would be against such attempts
These ethno-linguistic groups still are ethnically related while Finns and Estonians are not ethnically related to Latvians and Lithuanians, while their genetic relation might be more complex
Yes, but *mostly* it wasn't like this - much of the membership of the communist parties turned out to be reformists and patriots as soon as the turning winds had allowed it.
Instead of seeing Russia as defeated prey ready to be plundered for profit, it would have been wise to see Russia as a partner.
And luckily he only got A. B and me got away
There's also a village called "Ao"
From my experience of Lidls in Austria they offer very cheap very low-quality food
Maybe it's you who has something wrong, and not Reddit?
don't tell the italians
And we can't really just blame them either
[Põhja-Tallinn] is perhaps the best example.
On the other hand, having a part-time job while doing masters is also common
And if you're from Narva, you ain't even in the same country
But I must say, that being not crowded with tourist is also a big upside
Doesnt really change xd, at least this sentence
What else could it be
Worried of course, but there would be far fewer reasons to be worried..
There are buddhists in Ulan Ude
Now I appreciate Estonia as my home more than ever
Can you link me some examples
Well i can't blame you for not knowing a lot about us, but didn't you know that Estonian is related to Finnish?
For example if you go fishing on a lake you have to buy a ticket for that location online, in an app or send a paid sms
\o/
This is what the media has exacerbated over the Brexit.
The Skype millionaires are now investing in new startups or creating their own...
The expression arose after Russia conquered Estonia.
Quite so, [this] is the historical total oil shale production chart.
And if you have four EU members throwing sticks to the spokes of cooperation with Russia all the time, the truth is, it will be difficult for the Kremlin to achieve anything meaningful
I've done the train journey to Latvia as well, but it's a hassle and definitely not worth it from Tallinn
Small corner stores where as a kid I would buy all sorts of snacks and sweets
At least it's a glorious era
Let's just hope it won't go down like the Armenians
Don't look up Estonia's graph :S
It may run deep in some jokes, but that's about it..
It has nothing to do with constitution and whatever social security the constitution grants, it grants for the citizens.
>Why are they holding pride parades if they were forcibly recruited, you ask
Perfect +15
In Estonia it depends where you are, in the south accesessing groundwater is pretty easy so tap water comes from the groundwater, but in the north there is limestone in between the surface and groundwater so you can't really get groundwater there, so they take water from the surface and clean it, so it isn't really good to drink
Soviets cared little for atheism, their idea was to get rid of religion which they saw as a potential threat in organizing the people against the regime.
Usually they got like 90-95% questions right
>sweatshops
I would wager they don't.
I'm not just thinking of intonation and vocabulary differences, but mostly major differences in grammar and syntax.
Either a photographer took picture at a wrong time or this guy is very smooth brain
After being thoroughly "disarmed", the bags were determined to, in fact, contain trash
Just to add, I'm not saying nothing ever happens in Malmö, but it's absolutely not the battlefield media likes to portray it as
What job does your country have there
That's why it's usually a good idea to read the other comments, especially if I had already agreed with that.
There is no need to call it Northern Europe, just stop making up your own concepts...
Regardless, Bavarian is not a foreign language in Bavaria.
I believe many Estonians don't know that [mass song festivals] are a thing in Latvia and (to a certain degree) in Lithuania as well.
I feel the same way about it as those tourists though, probably even worse
At the very least you're not losing your money to inflation, realistically you're growing it
This is mostly because of vocal harmony, which Estonian has lost.
I doubt our Conservative People's Party (EKRE) would rise over 20%.
How the heck is Flemish a foreign accent?
Was as low as 2
I bet most foreigners don't even understand how differently Yuri/Juri and [Jüri]üri/#et) sound...
Apparently it's Nazi to consider it good that your country doesn't have a hostile and formerly occupying invasive minority that got there through a crime against international law.
I imagine most of these foods are popular in several countries though.
China is a unitary state, but only because of totalitarian dictatorship.
In class we learn to cook, knit, sew, crochet, do embroidery and practice calligraphy
I don't know the exact law though.
What if I told you that student organizations offer many valuable experiences at organization, leadership and public speaking, plus a good way to have your party life in a cheap, controlled and safe environment withe people, who you are most likely going to stay friends with for your whole lifetime.
And then came the 90s and we mixed it with ketchup to get burger sauce.
You are surprised that emigration is a bigger issue than fertility rate?
Perhaps of the colonial era, indeed, but not modern history.
Had the best faults like the driver seat sliding off the rails when accelerating and not really needing to use the pedals as the clutch and brakes were toast anyway and you could use the hand throttle for accelerating
That's not how international law works.
Chicken is of plenty, comrade, stop spreading lies!
Natural light is also very important on your way home from work, something that winter time completely takes away
Exports to Russia have always been subject to sudden political chills because some oligarch or top politician decides they don't like something we've done (or something we *haven't* done that they expected us to do).
Petersburg, and at that latitude the seasonal variance is pretty big
For us, it's always been Finland
Generally OK like every other Western country I presume, but there are some extremely ridiculous aspects about that country:
And we have lots of Russians - crime rates among them are far far higher than among Estonians.
I've seen several articles, but these came right up on google atm [ and [
It's definitely an interesting case.
I am starting to wonder if I have simply misunderstood that saying since childhood
I heard stuff like that when I visited in 2018 too but it was totally drinkable, not pleasant tasting but if it's 30 degrees outside you're gonna drink it
I think our prime minister must answer to that question on next meeting in parliament
shopping for multicultural food and cultures
It's your right, but for a rational person, religion is an unintelligent feature in a person.
What about you though
Perhaps it would be best this way too - the way I see it is that Israel and it's people are worth a lot more than most arab countries.
Do people really leave their babies outside of cafes?
Sweden
In the capital (i.e Tallinn or Northern Estonia in general I guess) there's no word for "that" or "those". They just say "this there" and "these there".
You can see some clear political motives for both of these groups to use things that happened so long ago that nobody knows anymore to their advantage
Our inferiority complex to Germans
- North Estonian dialects are actually genealogically closer to Finnish than they are to South Estonian dialects
This word still has negative Soviet era connotations for many older people.
More like Namibia Belarus
You put it in a jar and wonder why some milk spills...
Because I find it really hard to believe that the Estonian one is correct.
Learning Swedish as a foreign language is not particularly common among Estonians
Perhaps they think there will not be a full scale reaction from NATO.
Kuressaare - Arensburg
Yeah
I don't think anyone makes them themselves anymore, there are [like a hundred different options] to choose from stores.
See the [sidewalk beginning at entrance to Tallinn]
It is said that the most dangerous animals in our nature that **will** attack you are female moose and female boars, given that they have a calf or piglets around them somewhere
No matter what his skin color his.
huge data centres are still being built in, for example, Finland
In effect, dual citizenship is not allowed only for people, who have obtained Estonian citizenship through naturalization
which would be even worse as Pence could actually be dangerous, compared to Trump in office
I'm glad you know the 7,4M Catalans' opinion to say what we want
Soviets deported like 5% of the native population, another 5-10% died in the war.
Tallinn has more maritime climate, meaning cooler summers and warmer winters and Tartu has warmer summers and colder winters.
Geography is my favourite subject in general, but the topics there were far too easy for me - I had to explain to my teacher that Sydney is not the capital of Australia...
Well that article doesn't seem very neutral and balanced.
Technically 6 hours of daytime
We did something bad but you also reacted bad so ergo you are bad
The two have followed very different vocabulary policies, Estonian has through ages adopted a lot of [Germanic loans] while Finnish has constructed its own.
"[Waterloo]" is of course one of its most *Europeanish* performances.
In some countries it's a different thing.
Nope I do not, I remember it from 2009-2012 era
A warm beer will nicely warm your insides up aswell, making the inevitable jump into the cold pond even more enjoyable
Not humor
I'm not entirely sure what you mean by the Zavarnoy rye bread.
There are only a few exceptions to it and most people would know them by heart
Dude, everyone has some foreign blood, including me, which means that some of my ancestors were immigrants and that so am I to a small degree.
Of course sane people don't look for information there.
After a few minutes I could already understand her, but right at the start I just couldn't.
Oh yes - Estonians, the ancient atheists...
So, if the guy had wanted to shoot someone, then with some luck and good aim, he would have been able to do it.
I'm kidding, trains are great, but playing with more than 10 is not fun
Yea, they were the good guys because they fought against Soviet animals.
Soviet Russia was the first with Tartu treaty in 02.02.1920
Wonder if she's ever actually met one.
Its funny
This excludes all the people, who believe in a god.
Considering they're way less popular & populistic
we never had any history with countries like Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, etc.
Exactly the same kind of news about the black US soldiers raping underage girls in Ukraine or British soldiers being rude to grandmothers in Estonia and whatnot.
We sell the equipment
While in finland it still feels like winter
What was strange is that while expectedly young Estonians supported it more than old people it was the inverse for Russians.
* [Black and white celtic cross flag]
Actual mixed ethnicity of someone is usually said with a hyphen anyways
I recommend to come in the middle of August for the best weather and relatively long days, though if you want very long days and maybe to participate in a midsummers celebration, come at the end of June
Estonia being the smallest
The article says he is Iranian.
made a silly joke
You should have rather read the article.
But most times i prefer to use the English, because our language "is so small", it's pain in the ass to Google anything in Estonian, sometimes you get so wrong results
OK to be honest in this case you don't eat the skins, only the inside.
Maybe some lakeside villages or even Bregenz, maybe Graz for the history and a quick google also added Seewinkel National Park for some birdwatching
Outright ban to me seems unnecessarily drastic
I feel sort of distanced from this "Estonians are slow" stereotype.
Macron is terrifying here
More like Namibia Belarus
But if I'd have to guess, then generally from about 17 degrees with "nicer" weather and low physical activity
Its kinda sad though seeing that most people in your country speak the language that is not native
But media gotta media I guess
I thought of adding him to the list, but I didn't think that he was that historical since he was the president  just 20 years ago
In trams you either have to use the Ühiskaart, your smartphone or swipe your debit card or credit card
It's about a guy who bought some farm land to raise his family on, but the soil turns out to be total crap, his wife dies, and he keeps getting into fights with his neighbour
I can't see any way this would be the conclusion.
I busses you can just pay the driver, you will recieve no ticket though
More like the entire Northern Europe.
We honestly wouldn't be there without the very open and always helpful Finnish and Swedish markets nearby
Didn't you guys try to take over the world TWICE in the previous century
There are both Estonian and Russian names, I will list up to 10 Estonian names in bold, plus the Russian names in between.
Definitely something has to be done but through sustainable policies not surveliance and yes the first one is hell of a lot more complicated
First, you were not able nor expected to work from home in weekends or beside office hours 25 years ago the way it is now
Puuvill - tree wool (cotton)
These old towns are from different historical eras of course, so I can only speak of life in the medieval Tallinn Old Town, where many houses are from the 14th century
And here's where the "Denmark being a socialist country" argument affects probably, there aren't many other democratic countries where actual socialism is mainstream.
Loud and public calling for illegal deeds should be considered hate speech, but simply offering one's opinion should not, regardless how racist or otherwise insulting that may be for someone.
Kust oled sa pärit
Scones themselves looked like a mix of a muffin and some other pastry for which there really isn't a suitable name in English
* Nazi SS flag
I know, but if I got downvotes, then calling Poles in Lithuania immigrants, is definitely not PC ;)
Also - i don't know if it's a good thing to be a nonbeliever while at the same time watching "Reporter" every evening and cursing government because "the tv told me so."
The view is largely the same, [all of these images] are taken a bit higher and more to the front, but you get the idea
By the way, -10 in Tallinn usually feels way cooler than -10 here with your wind and your humidity.
Much of the population is still extremely conservative, even backward.
It’s literally city for a meat factory and soviet blocks, new houses are good tho
Clubbing and bars, also some site seeing also we figure that more young people/women our age will be out and about in the capitals as opposed to smaller areas and since it's not summer we won't be going to the beach.
Who said they are fully Italian?
Have fun
Well the Ural Mountains are north east of that region, so as the name suggests it is where the Uralic languages originated.
After an hour passes, one Saare man sighs and says "yes..." Another hour passes.
Actions like these and the strongman image is what keeps internal discontent down.
Can you expand on that "found out she's from Estonia" part
I live 200 m from a popular beach in Tallinn, but the last time I went sunbathing was like 8 years ago.
Arm= scar/ mercy/ love
Same in Estonia
Go ahead and read The Forgotten Soldier by Guy Sajer, you might change your mind
It's not the two party system that should be blamed here, it's the majoritarian voting system that will in any such system strongly favor a two party system.
On the other hand, more "yes" answers among females than among males in Sweden and Malta (7 percentage point gap!).
They tyranny of morning people
I think the most popular one is local made A.
Only reason I would buy water is when I'm not home and don't have access to tap water
I don't know how some are brave enough to try and cycle in 9 lanes of traffic so most just use the sidewalks if at all
Because persecuting Kurds has ended well in Syria and Iraq.
They are actually a radical islamic political party.
Formerly buried European history, reveal yourself!
I mean Soviets didn't like it so I think it counts as a crime
Why would it need to include it
what are the odds that it stay independent for another 100 years?
English has a very nonstandard spelling, while Estonian spelling is more or less uniform and follows pronunciation very closely
How many of your friends do you imagine to be supporting ISIS?
I would put it somewhere in the middle, but it really comes down to the person :)
We got dem Gladiators and Vikings.
I think you perhaps made a mistake with 'arst' for doctor, as it is spelled 'arts'.
Estonia has far more players in the overall market:
Kids don’t understand that these changes have consequences that they don’t have to deal with yet
These are rather the outcomes of such propaganda.
The Scottish people of Estonia, greedy and stubborn.
If I remember correctly - you actually HAVE to have a flag waving outside on some days
Especially if it's something like a loan to buy a house
You are not wrong - Tartu is the best (and according to some, only) university in Estonia.
I would've been thankful if someone had taught me some of it too
Have you already advertised on North African and Middle Eastern subreddits?
1752 Km(1082 miles) and on paper it says 17h 52min but I'm sure it took more
I didn't bother reading the whole thing after finding a chapter called "A Father Living Apart".
Finnish sounds sleepy, Russian sounds boring, Latvian sounds funny.
" and I determined that it was bs and I shall use that word as much as I damn want
Funny how USA calls itself a "capitalist" country when competition is not possible in some sectors
That sentence: "drove up to Helsingborg for dinner" is such an American thing to say
And yet they are in government right now.
there is no tram number five
It sort of is, but Estonians and Balts live northwest of Slavs.
The "best" or most impressive one is quite obviously [Teleglitch]
If it's popular in your country, then of course nothing scary.
I remember reading once in the news that on Midsummer's Eve in Poland over 20 people died in car crashes
Soviet era Estonia from 1953-1980
A lot of it was written during early independence movements and later edited by Russians
They are just misunderstood people forced to  join the SS
You held southern Estonia for about 60-70 years
I cannot answer to that statement as VisitEstonia might sue me if I answer wrongly
Western Europe has been distinguishably poorer for 75 years (disregarding earlier differences).
I've never read anything from Shakespeare.
Tanks Are useless in estonians enviroment
Come on, it's not actually used.
Still probably wouldn't have made much of a difference other than having slightly fewer internet trolls to argue with, and on the negative side it might have led to even harsher repressions on the people for having resisted
Speaking speed < reading speed
I’m here cracking my brain - do we even have any original desserts
Also Finnish, because it sounds beautiful
even those people who love hot weather are suffering
An Estonian who
But now there is Rail baltic and I fear it will suit this thread in a couple years
&#x200B;
Indeed as someone else commented already.
But I haven't heard anything so serious in Estonia.
Not at all as decent written form of Estonian only appeared in the 19th century and everything before that and before the standardization of the language is almost unintelligible to modern Estonians.
The evidence is right there under our eyes!
So time is money and as far as I understand the UK haven't been as effective so with every passing month they are losing money that they supposedly would of gained by being apart of EU
* Not all towns are the same – there are abandoned ghost towns, but some are also okay-ish, like Jõhvi, Sillamäe or Narva
The Singing Revolution, including mass singing and the Baltic Way protest.
Same thing in other Nordic regions as well.
You can always take a ferry and buy your alcohol from us, like the Finns already do.
Stag parties by UK Boyz - every corner of the city is full of barf and piss in the morning
In direct translation it means shit wheel
They are curious in other aspects than girls - often about the things that aren't part of the mainstream curriculum.
Couldn't care less
I was taught I think circa 2007 that for future tense using 'shall' is archaic and we should almost always use 'will' instead
Estonia views it as a necessary policy.
Cheers, that word never sticks with me for some reason
Why are you asking me these questions
sorry, I see right wing government as a good thing:)
Vic: prussia
i would agree, but tbf i only spent a day in prague anyways
In the West you are far less critical to your own propaganda than we in Russia.
When it came out, it topped everyone's consciousness as the most unsuccessful ad-campaign in Estonia's history.
You really don't know what you are talking about..
jäääär (edge of ice),
The question was about how many you have visited.
This but everything is 5° hotter
Or Bird Shit Land island (Linnusitamaa saar), Slut Forest (Litsmetsa), Vagina Meadow (Tupenurme), Cannabis (Kanepi), Murderer lake (Mõrtsuka järv), Kill (Tapa) or Black Cunt swamp (Mustaputsi soo).
In Estonia we have *hele õlu*, literally "light beer" which just refers to the colour and taste, alcoholic and calorie content is entirely normal
Edit: Writing this only because you appeared to be following me around Reddit
Yes, although mostly for individual results and off-competition record-breaking.
must be debated
> There's absolutely non of that in the whole system
I've never heard *pakib* being used in Tallinn.
And by decent I mean, can someone just not hire a black man/muslim/gay/leasbian/etc and state he/she/it gave the "wrong vibes" and not cause a scandal
The last I knew was Nantes
100€ - A week's worth of food
That was my actual account
If you produce one barrel of oil in Norway and one in Russia then sell them in the world market for the same price then why does the Russian barrel contribute 3.6 times more money to the GDP?
Tammsaare with his pentalogy "[Truth and Justice]" about life in Estonia from about 1870-1930 and Eduard Vilde with his stories about Estonian peasants in the 19th and early 20th century.
I usually remain indoors that one day during summer.
/ Isnt that in Russia
I totally expected from the post title for it to be some kind of guessing game
During summer I usually have a small spray bottle on me at all times
But anyone with a heart and mind will have, at the very least, a thought of empathy invoked for the French and the Parisians
We had +24 recently and it was awful, I would actually die at +43
However, this has lingered as an erroneous understanding of ‘communism/socialism/leftism = bad
Smart of you for blaming one guy for it the last time, but now you ask all of us to be your friends
We were being held in the pervert's basement.
Terrorism or not, the context does not matter.
But D is used in relatively old Finnish words like *kadulla* ("on the street") and such.
You have made an excellent choice
I think light is not good for milk.
Stereotypically, they have low education, are from a rural place, have shallow values (money, cars, women) and act annoyingly (drinking, loud etc)
What are some of your favourite works of graffiti from your country?
I don't really know whether names like "Karl-Erik" or "Toomas-Hendrik" or "Pille-Riin" are considered two names or one name by law
We also don't have any articles, prepositions or the verb _to have_.
Even when my family and I visited California, and drove the Pacific Highway, we'd always look for something in the same town we could walk to
We can't choose our president either, the government does that
I think foreigners can join the EDL, but while no one is charging you for participating (other than 12 eur a year membership dues) the people there usually buy a lot of their own equipment and spend a lot of money that way.
Švejk was massively popular here too!
Everybody keeps throwing around the word fascism like it is nothing
In what way does the EU deny democracy?
I can't believe these guys are actually defending Soviets for "freeing" us
If only they had worked for just one day, then they would have worked more than all MEPs according to Nigel Farage.
There is no FIXED definition, pretty sure the definition that some had in the 19th centuryo r smth would probably not apply now, or be considered too traditionalism, imperialistic, etc.
Or just go full Nero and make the next years one twice as big
They'd have had it in any case, but Georgia's dumb handling made them also suffer in the propaganda side of the war.
Rip cheap liquor tho
Why Finland police fuck Norway
Tartu, Estonia - often take long walks alone, including at night
It's stupid nazi propaganda that still gets parroted by uneducated
I'm from Palanga, a beach resort in Lithuania and majority of our foreigner tourists are Estonians.
Fuck
Eh In my personal opinion it's fine to be the "annoying tourist" here bc we only get like 2 tourists every week here in Estonia but eh depends on where you're going I guess
It came to be the biggest because of a popular song "[The Land Needs to Be Filled With Children]":
Did Norway depart from Eurasia
Varenyky, you make them with various fillings but regardless of what's inside it's iconic to eat them with either sourcream or some fried "salo"(pig fat aka reversed bacon) bits called "shkvarky"
For us getting to Åland means jumping off/on the Tallinn-Stockholm-Tallinn ferry in the middle of the night and finding yourself in almost empty Mariehamn
Take "Estonia" in Estonian for example: *Eesti*, or "Finland" in Finnish: *Suomi*.
We do have *jõuluõlu* in Estonian, which is very similar to danish julybryg
Well a .jpg collector doesn't sound that interesting.
It's about a guy who bought some farm land to raise his family on, but the soil turns out to be total crap, his wife dies, and he keeps getting into fights with his neighbour
We are not Brazilians and football is not an important sport in Estonia.
But sun setting at 15:28 sounds great do you does it
Boy I miss 2010's.
Road biking and MTB'ing are quite different in their nature compared to commuting in the Netherlands (actually statistically in the Netherlands cyclist who wear helmets have more injuries - because they generally ride in a riskier matter)
Same
I personally didn’t know anyone who doesn’t keep eggs in the fridge
I would say that in Christianity they are quite distinct groups and the fundamentalists are oftentimes quiet and not very visible (i.e.
shit, I must count as a complete nut like that
Say what you want, it *does* reflect in almost every aspect of life.
- Estonian National Museum (Tartu)
We're going to miss you, UK
That's exactly what one would expect to hear from someone with little knowledge about Estonia ;)
It has the [lowest average league attendance] in Europe, even behind the Faroe Islands.
Eh, in most places it's just free (taxes), in Estonia primary school was free and in high school it was like an euro a day
Your "skill of sarcasm" is to call me "extremely nationalistic" and refer to me believing in the Aryan theories?
Whenever estonian is spoken by a non-native in a film/series made by a non-estonian, they make us sound russian
Furthermore, not all national languages have been accorded the status of official EU languages.
But of course the "Estonia to the top 5 richest countries in Europe" slogans won't be fulfilled, anyone believing such stories only has to blame himself for the stupidity.
**[**\[34\]**] **The museum**, which holds over 65,000 artefacts, is sponsored by the [Lithuanian Ministry of Culture]  Since the early 2000s, it has \[...\] hosted Holocaust education seminars and workshops
usually the rule is that a maximum of 2 of the same letter can be next to each other in a word
79% of its 2.35 km [medieval town wall] survives with 21 defense towers still intact.
Russia received plenty of aid and EU funds really started to come into the Eastern European countries after they joined - mid 2004.
Also [a map of firearms in Europe] actually it looks like it is **Sweden** that has the most firearms per capita (hunting, not carrying them on the streets)
I love the name, but in Estonian it’s a bad word for Finnish people
Well not according to the Estonian etymological dictionary, but who knows, it could very well be a possibility.
They took away the citizenship/political rights of their minority upon gaining independence and require them to go through a 'naturalization' test to become citizens.
Yes, and almost everything red became a symbol of the Soviet occupation for Estonians, especially if the colour was used on official/public ways.
Estonia just approved the biggest offshore wind farm in the world on the coast of Hiiumaa.
Plenty of information in the web if you are looking to learn about how Russian propaganda machine works.
Disco Elysium
Some of the English dialects are difficult for sure, but you still get most of what is being said.
Ida-Virumaa I suppose
Actually, being a teacher is a too-often-overlooked option
That is why Denmark connected to them can run their oversupply of wind turbines
The relationship between Estonian/Finnish and Hungarian is indeed very distant.
See: #Origins_and_dissemination
Weirdest experience I had in a long time
Going to get glögi from christmas market in your honour
Did Norway depart from Eurasia
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Why would you colour the left blue and the right red??
This is necessary to protect your country (if such an applicable threat exists, which doesn't for Spain, granted).
Well technically Hezbollah is not a terrorist organization.
More like a hill you wouldn't like climb as a child.
Learning the language already
Pesukarhu is a raccoon, not a badger
Do you want the results in imperial units?
It got its Lübeck town rights in 1248 and became the northernmost member of the Hanseatic League in 1285.
While countries like Poland and Estonia are pretty great they are certainly not more developed than the USA.
I think cold winters with solid snow cover usually mean more mosquitoes in the spring/early summer
I do feel that Asia is closer to us than Africa - both in km and culturally
And also sometimes we wave or flash lights to another car when we're far from home and see Estonian licence plate
Needless to say, memes followed.
Soon (TM) you will come crawling back and beg Russia to annex you, because you need to survive somehow
Well, I moved out relatively young, but the general rule is that with adult kids (let's say 18 and up, could be younger) there is no problem, though one-night stands usually don't make it to your home, if there are other options
I make 10k, tax is 10%. My disposable income is 9k. Cost of living is 5k. I have 4k.
These whiteboard pages are useful when a topic in maths or physics is confusing so you can look at home how the teacher solved it.
Pretty sure there's no difference
And considering Tallinn is like 3rd or 4th in Europe (not too many above them elsewhere in the world, if any at all), it all adds up
kuuuurija (moon researcher),
The only one who has *some* fame in some circles is [Arvo Pärt] I.e classical music
Like rent and prices might be okay and in balance but no way you're going to afford a 80€ hotel room when you're making 400€ vs when you're making 1900€.
That is what the ancient name of the island used to be.
So if you are in a position of shit, you choose the direction of more shit instead of staying in this shit with a slight possibility for a change?
On the other hand in the beginning of March you get sun in your eyes at like 5
Trees everywhere, can confirm
that relationship being, you know, war
E.g in "vyras", the /v/ is palatalised.
They are mostly from Germanic languages and were adopted from the 2nd Millennium BC to early 20th century AD.
Their range of goods consited mainly of cheap off-brand products close to their date of expiry, often with packaging or other flaws
And I took that personally
And who could forget that the estonians deported the russians into võru
Then all the foreigners would be confused, everyone would be talking võro
Question last posted 3 days ago by user u/goshuk, link
> Balts
It's colder than this picture
I often find it easier to express myself in english than in my own native language
and maybe latvians too because 6 toes and "s" at the end of every word
Have you got rid of the trees that start right on the tarmac's edge yet
Estonia has a village called "Aa" [
\+1  [Culture]
Would add to this list
Your point is good, but it shouldn't totally be disregarded either.
However the [*EKSS*]ärm&F=M) does indeed include such a word.
Can buy it from any supermarket
That is interesting, it's such a wide variety of languages, while others say they can even distinguish the accents of different dialects.
Yes the grey aliens For Estonia, Latvia and Belarus
There was a man with a very curved back and with a walking stick
A Finnic nation with strong Scandinavian cultural influences.
Finnic (people) in Estonian is *läänemeresoomlased* (Baltic sea Finns) and Finns is *soomlased*.
It's basically a cancerous tumor of Estonia
A soft annexation of Belarus would be more likely or even expanding more into Ukraine but by no means im saying that it will happen
Switzerland is a representative democracy.
Geothermal as part of heating systems could help take the edge off the 12-fold difference between December and June difference in insolation near Petersburg, shouldn't bed that bad further south
In normal countries only the directly elected body can have legislative powers.
I would expect an American to counter these statements if he finds them to be incorrect.
I'd like to see this one remaining intact for centuries.
My aunt is a teacher and makes $36,000 a year before taxes and union dues.
And now this fear is being funnelled into conservatism and radical fear-mongering from the bumbling individuals of a certain party
it seems they have a very strict tipping policy
bats are called *nahkhiir* (leather/skin mouse)
I'm sure it's a dialect rather than an accent...
Samal ajal kui me räägime, võtan ma ühendust oma salajase spioonide võrgustikuga üle terve riigi ja su IP-aadressi jälitatakse, nii et parem ole tormiks valmis, nälkjas.
TIL she has a sister
sometimes also the help-verbs "saama" ("to become") and "hakkama" ("to start")
Part of the problem is also that the Soviet occupation ended when this district wasn't fully completed yet
They think that they are police but no, hence the nickname of "half police" .
cry
Finland has much better salary/wage than us, twice as better :/
But not both
If it's not enforced, it's not worth anything.
Yes, there are mountains, but mountains without the sea is like having a soup without a dessert - it fills the purpose, but the enjoyment is not there
That graph seems to imply that Estonia is a Baltic country through and through, while there's relatively little connecting it to Lithuania and less to Latvia than to Finland.
Every Estonian from the age of 15 is required by law to have an ID-card (you don't have to own a passport)
Others drink so much that it's even disgusting to just watch.
Damn, I'd be broke very fast if I spent so much on food everyday :D
There are other types of architecture, but usually for different types of churches.
kremlin bots hard at work
Besides, it's difficult to imagine a situation where Poland and Baltics are vehemently against while rest of the EU is in favour
(Plus I would have to waste too much time telling people how to properly spell it with two E-s.)
Road biking and MTB'ing are quite different in their nature compared to commuting in the Netherlands (actually statistically in the Netherlands cyclist who wear helmets have more injuries - because they generally ride in a riskier matter)
The same is true for Finland and Lithuania to a lesser degree, while with Russia and Sweden, we'd learn more about their countries themselves
palju on neid nimesid mida ammu ei kasutata enam
Trust me, you wouldn't have enjoyed it as much in the summer, there's really no room in the old town because of the tourist masses.
Ahh i see you truly are a man of culture aswell
No, I bought it this year
mold / fin
It falls under UN definition of a genocide.
Maybe they want to deal with it now when it is still possible, before it becomes a problem later on.
It's much easier to catch stoners, because most other drugs you inhale, eat or inject with seconds in some dark bathroom (not that i use any other drug)
Oh indeed, I wasn't comparing the two, just answering to a previous comment.
1/2 of a grats is in order
There is a similar saying in Estonian.
Even if this time there is no 100% regime change it drives a point
Äitah
Slightly more relevant than the Soviet Union being one of the two countries that started the very same war
We also fought some Germans and latvians at the south of estonia
Oh that, I understood it was about the early 1990s and being declined to join the Nordic Council.
And drink I guess, but that varies
Please provide up to date data.
Is it like our Estonian ö?
[Eesti taat ja eit söögilaua ääres]
Cultural differences and common cultural traits.
- Estonian as my mother tongue.
There are always old people who never been to the sea, even in countries that have access to the sea
Tartu very educated people since its a university town
For example, an eagle that would fly and grab the paper, but you could take it down with rocks or scissors
It's always the [song festivals]
[This video] and [that one as well]
For almost all young Russians it is the second or third language
Estonian: *kivi-paber-kää-rid üks-kaks-kolm!* ("rock-paper-scis-sors one-two-three!")
Well i actually had fun at the Agritechnica aswell (it's basically like a E3 for farming machines
And then Greenwald attacks it in very nitpicking way, while himself using tricks like calling a 12 part show Assange had in RT only as "conducted 8 interviews that were broadcast on RT"
Jaan Anvelt i guess, he was a communist who was supported by the red army
Most of the things where the common citizen decides to solve the problem instead of the politician will severely endanger your own career or even live for LITTLE gain.
I mean, you travel abroad, but you always feel the difference between traveling abroad and traveling domestically.
Every time your Minister of Foreign Affairs opens his mouth, support for NATO inches a bit higher here
I would really love to see the same discussion between a devout Lutheran Estonian and an atheist Pole.
Trump supporter here
Why russia tho
Only popular video game made by Estonians
While not directly arguing against anything you said, what is the legal source of that claim?
I still don't get whether you are being sarcastic or actually that brainwashed...
And maybe add a bit of mayonnaise
Everybody knows that Latvians have five toes!
14  ex-socialist/soviet countries have tax rates over 13%.
/self-designated PR department
Same applied to Latvia and Lithuania but that was over 10 years ago, maybe it has improved significantly over this time
were driven largely by money and nothing else.
You read about that uncontrolled wave of people coming to, or near your country and these people come from completely different cultural hemisphere.
In Estonia its like summer
Way before Trump victory and at the time when Trump victory seemed very unlikely.
Wait, that's the correct order!
Wonder how much smaller the Soviet loss would have been if every infantry soldier had a weapon.
And the government
It's also fun to spray your friends every once in a while
An obvious exaggeration, but the [Aesti]
[First] & [second]
I very much disagree mate, if you want to learn any other language besides English you better move to a country that speaks it, using duolingo or whatever on its own is useless, you almost immediately forget everything once you pause
What if you're not integrated to the society?
We have KFC here at Estonia
Yes, the entire media (including all the journalists) and Soros are secretly cooperating without there being any single media leader or journalist in the entire West, who would speak out.
your country now follows primogeniture - first heir gets the throne, pretty sure unborn children don't count...?
It wouldn't matter if we'd spend 5-10-15%.
Yeah, we have the six toes joke.
Considering you're not part of that very small subculture and I am in a nearby country, it's not surprising that I know more about it than you.
We have a really weird anti-German sentiment
There is no way you can group Finnic, Germanic, and Inuit cultures together and say that they share some common Culture.
Number of imprisoned people doesn't much affect how undemocratic you are.
fuck him
I thought of adding him to the list, but I didn't think that he was that historical since he was the president  just 20 years ago
my parents spoke russian, even though my mom barely spoke it at the time
DIS-GUS-TANG
He said he has seen it before, why wont you believe him.
How does that repair the BIG PICTURE other than for Khan, which is itself not guaranteed and might have negative consequences for those around him?
On the second look, I think someone stole my sense of humour.
[Here] is a good example of what English sounds to foreigners
They are local celebrities
Most of it was destroyed in World War II, but the Soviets built many new minarets in Estonia, plus the global warming has brought the Mediterranean climate.
The finns also signed one here, tartu has also been destroyed multiple times over
Smoking in restaurants will be soon banned everywhere
I sort of stopped when I turned 13.
most places have this type of windows, except for older houses with older windows
Pretty common, though not among 50+ year old businessmen or similar
If they don't apply, they won't get citizenship (which has many upsides).
3 things:
Yeah, ground heat pumps are great
Happiness definitely doesn't strongly correlate with wealth and development levels.
It has a "Pre-Covid" flair tho
Nothing is stopping you from negotiating shorter work weeks with employer
Narva and most of the Ida-Viru County are sort of the "internal abroad" for Estonians.
Meaning of course that also their articles are counted as "Finnish".
E: also from ex-president Lennart Meri "the situation is shit, but it's the fertilizer of our future"
You can ask Latvians and Lithuanians for some sympathy.
Well, you can wait for you doctors appointment half a year
We cannot force our citizenship onto them either...
Sea islands, lake islands, river islands etc.
Except the Finnish system is good..
SALES TAX
Due to lobbying (or lets just say "bribing") by the Big Pharma, the government is not allowing competition in the health market, thus the prices have no reason to go down
I think they're a good representation of new age folk-pop music
Mixed with that Soviet era Russian movie, where the drunk guy ends up on the same street in a different city.
For Finland it is *Finlandia*, for Estonia it is [*Mu isamaa on minu arm*]
So, yes, I store my eggs in the fridge
I am truly sorry on behalf of most of Estonia for this utter shitstorm that our dear MEP Andrus Ansip has brought upon us
As soon as we get to warmer places we get tanned just like anyone else
Isn't this sort of the point of wind energy?
(other than *maybe* Denmark)
OP doesn't seem to get the differences between presidential and parliamentary systems.
Holy cheeseburger
Learn and educate yourself before making such comments.
The hardest flags to tell apart are the Russias with eye-patches.
Germany would face opposition from the European Commission if it tries to go solo (something that somewhat already happened with Nord Stream 2)
In fact most of my friends are girls
EDIT: just vote to have mountainous terrain, bro
It's actually even worse in Alaska and north scandinavia - they have polar nights with no sun at all for the whole winter
Chances are the water there is even better, but you never know.
oh, she also kind of looks like Jungkook from BTS, but that one is obviously not a common one either
Then there are many others that includes letters that are not represented in the Estonian name, but are still somewhat logical, for example they might have K, H or Ts instead of C, F instead of P, Ts instead of Z, I instead of J, Ks instead of X, Ü instead of Y, V instead of W, or for example Rhodium (Rh) is Roodium and Thorium (Th) is Toorium
Or break off from the UK without an referendum?
Haven’t noticed them in other European countries I’ve traveled to either
Do i think that that law is kinda retarded?
"Tõde ja õigus"
Illegal within populated areas in Estonia as well, although usually unenforced in light urban areas.
Brits like to drink tea
[Most of Estonia] *speaks* Standard Estonian already
I would translate "me llamo" as "me I call" to account for the conjunction of the verb
Finnish tourism had been allowed for decades as well.
I myself have been sent to science camp 3 times
Mida kuradit sa minu kohta just ütlesid, sa väike lits?
Besides everything that has been said by others, I have come to pass waiters or former waiters, who legitimately claim that they would instantly spit in my food if I didn't tip.
We slept in Riga and Poznan
If yes then what would your new alphabet look like?
Denmark has free university for EU/EEA citizens, Sweden too.
> the farmer gets to set the price
- 10 euros: 1 mediocre meal in a regular pub and a beer
Continued around the lake to Obertraun instead and went up with the gondola
Also French is the diplomatic and legislative language used by and in Luxembourg, if I recall correctly.
Comprehensive studies with actual numbers and scenarios behind it would be
The Singing Revolution sort of stems from the song festivals, which started in Estonia in 1869 and in Latvia in 1873, and was later adopted in Lithuania in 1924.
But it's more about clothes and mannerism than facial features
80 to 3
What
Estonia joined Schengen in 2008, so there are still some remnants of border infrastructure
So you deny there was 4,301,000 prisoners (gulag and special settlements) in Soviet Union in 1953?
I thought the picture of the baltic way was the most famous one
>is  showing up, not actually voting
Among the symptoms of President of Estonia Konstantin Päts, when thrown into a psychiatric clinic, was also his "[persistent claiming of being the President of Estonia]".
For example in Estonian we say "meil" when referring to an e-mail
Obviously you are right that they are not North Korea anymore
The main foundation of the current republic being protestant (prussian lithuanian), not Catholic.
"Sittast saia tegema" - "to make bread from shit" with is to say you turned a bad situation into a good one
I have only heard it called "ät", but Wikipedia says it's also called "kassisaba" meaning cat's tail and "kapsas" meaning cabbage
Oh no-no, then comes time for the "but Finno-Ugric is Mongoloid" argument!
Actually during Covid (summer) it was the first time in
I absolutely love buckwheat(tatar in Estonian) and its most commonly served with minced meat sauce here
Just to provide more information, Latvian corps still do that, while Estonian corps don't.
The cultural foundation of the current republic is prussian lithuanian.
"Eestlane olen ja eestlaseks jään"
You can be the least democratic state with no imprisonments.
I don't know who to blame now
Hi, I sent a personal message concerning this removal – I just wanted to make sure it was received in good order?
Nothing is open in these neighborhoods so early.
And ORAV in Estonian
At best, it might get some regional status, and even that would most likely exclude Tallinn and Riga
Oh we got a lots of those types of pies here
Old one was prettier
Its still not a thing amongst older people  but most of the youth celebrates it
> at least 3 more years
So while he is right, this piece is Karl Popper's advice for the truly tolerant ones not to accept those who refuse rational discussion.
Many people in East Germany were also so angry about the Berlin Wall being brought down by bloody capitalists that they left in disgust
Interpol has done Russias bidding many times.
Tallinn, us rest like to go there to visit itsa surreal expirence to vist the city
Bingo
Now it all makes sense
Only easy and flexible "green" is hydroelectricity and the Netherlands is flat without suitable rivers so there's that
In recent years, I have seen some prep-for-entrance exams courses, one was for an art school and one was for Medicine
doing drills
We have a LOT of dialects
European here
> At least it wasn't "neuken in de keuken
[Ta lendab mesipuu poole] and [Eestlane olen ja eestlaseks jään] are also very iconic
Mine= go
Don't hate Nazism, hate Germany!
After the fall of the USSR, religion saw a short revival movement, but as soon as religion wasn't anymore seen as a way to fight against the Soviets, most didn't care anymore.
Ah, finally we have a warm sea
That's a bit of a different matter, don't you think?
Still it was an amazing achievment to built a city in such a harsh terrain
Total immigrants or immigrants from MENA countries?
Is it near Bielefeld by any chance?
I'm not saying that one country is better than the other
Estonians have never endangered Russians living here, plus they came here illegally during an illegal occupation so they have no rights to self-determination.
But in public I am just not that ok being completely nude
and painting africa as the land where everyone is starving, is also pretty ignorant imo
Krõõt. I really hate it’s sound
In the US, there is no "left" in the European sense.
There are so many tiny finno-ugric nations
No, you have to save it first and then not read it!
Mostly the soviet era
They can be young or old, men or woman
Well in eastern europe and the baltics it is russian
Yeah true but when my family travels they like to rent a car
>It was a bit awkward explaining to him that is where essentially where I am from
* Kazakhstan
I would love Sipilä’s government to come back
"*Jõudu
Some from China went towards the Urals and Central Asia, and some from the ME went to Greece, and Western Europe.
One that would show religiosity in different regions?
It's that simple
About how countries like Estonia and Finland need conscription and volunteers because we couldn't possibly afford to have as many professionals on a payroll as needed.
And generally liberal politicians don't seem to be that anti-immigration, yet their voters are.
The Polish advertising industry is notoriously infamous here as well.
1) prepaid stored value card which works on all buses in the country and can be topped up online or in many stores
Yea
First 2 years printed-like, then in cursive
Just mentioning that this thing is not comics
Actually I did find something that looks a bit similar, it's the Lutheran [Valga St John's Church]
It is natural they do things to protect themselves.
Very tiny islands, very densely populated, sells citizenships to Russiam oligarchs, that’s it
But it won't be up to the EU now to fine
Yeah
There's a difference between nordic and Scandinavian as Scandinavian means that it's apart of the Scandinavian peninsula whilst nordic means it's in northern Europe
Definitely is pathetic, goddamn slowflakes, I walked around outside and it was fine, hot compared to +5 degrees it was just a week ago but fine
Hot: 24+
So I would say still take them off.
Plus, you get to hear different people on television, which is also good.
I mean in many ways we have much more common legislation than US states have.
REIS TALLINN-TARTU-VALGA LAHKUB KÜMNE MINUTI PÄRAST
Was the Rwandan Genocide not horrible because the Holocaust had more victims?
Me personally, I never eat soups with sour cream
Well we have a place called "Põrgu küla" which means "hells village" and "Pulli küla" my best translation would be "tomfoolery village"
What a joke
Latvia when sober
Tallinn is the biggest city in the world and the only national capital with free public transport for its residents, so...
Northern Estonian (the standard version) is very unified and has almost no regional dialects except for some people on the islands switching the õ for ö, the Southern Estonian dialects (Võro and Seto in particular) are so different, that they’re pretty much unintelligible to Northern Estonians and are often considered an independent language within the Finnic branch of the Uralic languages
People go wasted all the time
if i told my family they'd scold me though
I would rather have it instead of dreaded 5-6 month long grayish winter
So why is it in the EU, other than **cultural reasons**?
The map of course only has data on countries that _matter_.
Bravo,
examples with many consonants in a row would be
I understand that very well, but if Estonia's and Latvia's share of foreigners is already dangerously high.
My dad has a dealership here in Estonia
Now that I am an adult I sometimes use English with my partner accidentally and my parents are sure we're hiding something :D
Couple of years ago it was snowing in the middle of June
There are no endemic animals in Estonia, there's only [one plant species] that exists only on Saaremaa island.
Without NATO - get attacked, with NATO - get attacked
Everyone really likes to downplay everything
"Lumekuninganna ja igavene talv", which translates to "The Snow Queen and the Eternal Winter"
Pretty embarrasing
Has to be [Taevaskoja]
>the nation such a person resides in (in my example, Italy) to make the same sort of government pensions or financial assistance to the unemployed to non-citizen residents, even if they are EU citizens
Partying on friday night
I guess once Hispanics become the dominant demographic in some of those states US will have to be obligated to give it back to Mexico
Always brings back fun childhood memories
Sour cream goes on everything
There is widespread consensus amongst Estonians that Estonia belongs in the western world and that liberal democracy is the best form of government.
If you're from outside the county(Harjumaa), where the capital is, you're basically from the wild West to those living in the capital
However, this has lingered as an erroneous understanding of ‘communism/socialism/leftism = bad
A local version is to call that place "Kapa-Kohila" (*Kappakoil* in German)
We have the short (*sada* - "hundred"), the long (*saada* - "send!") and the overlong (*saada* - "to become", "to get").
Yes, British constitutional acts also have the status of laws...
It's even against the law to not provide you those if you pay taxes
It's just that we have a very bad experience with the large-scale Russian immigration, which created a dangerously large dissatisfied immigrant community, a possible fifth column for the huge unfriendly imperialist dictatorship in the east.
They destroyed Narva's old town during WW2
The French cyclist managed 22.547km (14 miles) at the national velodrome, taking the top spot in a new category - **for riders over 105**.
/ Yea, i meant what country not what town
What's the difference between farming for meat and leather vs farming for fur
The people fighting against Ukraine are Russian soldiers and some Eastern-Ukrainian petty criminals and thugs.
Unfortunately, here it's a big news.
Like one of their stores is on the cellar level so you have random \~13-15th century stone walls next to the isles, random well spots I guess, simply covered off with see through reinforced glass you can walk on etc
Its not only mixing, its how they started.
Centrist: Guys ... let's not invade Poland at all
Actually I don't think you are, several countries use such systems, especially within the Anglosphere world.
You mean to say "And those weren't **even** Soviet republics..."
In Estonia it's common to say in choir "kivi, paber, käärid, 1, 2, 3" (rock, paper, scissors, 1, 2, 3) before making your pick
Blue is the traditional colour of conservatism, red of communism, socialism and social democracy.
But to answer your question, Germany and France are really big for europe
Imagine living in the same country with such a majority, who you barely interact with personally because most your friends have university degrees and are rather liberal in these matters.
So if you loose or gain some territory, are you not the same state anymore?
I for one enjoyed this winter, there were a few snowy days for snow lovers too to eat it all they want
>and the fact that if you looknat the map and picture Finland being a maiden, Turku is in the spot of the asshole region
Our Jõulusokk/Jõulupukk has also been replaced by the old man dressed in white and red.
Meaning there’s no official word
They never conquered Estonia, Eesti STRONK
Germany, Russia, Sweden, Denmark and maybe Lithuania
Sure, Christianity was ingrained enough by the end of the 18th century (despite being nominally Christian by the 13th century), but when the Soviet occupation fought against religion, Estonians held many religious traditions alive in secret.
Well yes, but these were Estonian raiders, not Scandinavians.
A Russian earning average wage can now buy 12% less than 2 years ago.
virtually a millennium of shared history with Latvians
If you ask for water, you will always be asked *mulliga või ilma?* ("with bubble or without?")
And not just actual working doctors, but also a lack of kids applying for residency programmes
Those are official cases, china is lying
I know cloud cover is a bitch at St
This was amplified by the memory of Soviet 50 and 100 rouble bills having been suddenly phased out in 1961
Yea but you cant travel
I'd like to share it with some Germans who are interested in  history at some point, but this is not the place for it :)
[Swedish media admits to censoring stories for the last five years on migrant crime ]
It's not absurd, they often remain part of that immigrant community within the main society.
Would solve overpopulation, more resources
(this doesnt count as europe, but i also thought salt lake city was in canada, so you can imagine i was extremely confused as to why they'd hold the olympic games in canada, 3 times in a row)
All I can attest for is that Belgian beer is expensive, too expensive for me so I got the cheapest option available most of the time
Just me worrying about how to balance my career and personal life goals
Beautiful
I have it already
hehe 110 in estonia
I'd love to live there for a short while, but of course not for any longer period as it would get a little depressing
Perhaps not compare us in the "sensibility" context?
I think we need to subtract the Soviet occupation from the 100 years, if we’re going to say “100 years *of* independence”. If we are referring to “100 years since the declaration of independence”, then 100 years is technically correct
This but everything is 5° hotter
There are several instances of words being spelled more consistently with pronunciation (theatre/theater etc.).
lol all these fancy-ass forts and then here's our piece of ass
i was in finland, went on a tram and most of the people there were estonians
It is interesting that Estonia and Finland share their national anthem tunes, but both have an important unofficial anthem as well.
Many Europeans have little variation in their ancestors - most were of the same ethnic group.
Small city my ass
No, u/Prygikutt didn't say, but they've already scaled it down, although it looks essentially just as good
Global warming and accordingly us, human being, have spoiled the balance of the Earth
> We need light when we are going to work, if not there will be more car accidents
Terrorism is just an excuse
And thank you for having good prices on alcohol
Estonian too yes
Once I get out of my car I got a \~60 second timer to get to a cooled room or I will start sweating balls
I'm not even sure there is a widely accepted American version of the concept "nation state" and I'm pretty sure you just made it up.
Well, I moved out relatively young, but the general rule is that with adult kids (let's say 18 and up, could be younger) there is no problem, though one-night stands usually don't make it to your home, if there are other options
What is the reasoning for that?
He was pretty expensive to take care of but he was free to look at
It is if you count in weekends.
Swedish Empire had universal education and this was not dismantled by the Russian Empire
If the native names are butchered, then their etymology remains the same.
If anyone wants to learn more about it here's a report on it that goes into it from the 90s:
Can someone please make this for more countries
Stationary public toilets are usually indoors
My parents' generation was very materialistic due to being in economic poverty in the late Soviet occupation era and early independence era, but my generation cares less for such values.
Inhabited by the most vicious predator still left in Western-Europe - the squirrel.
The middle class pays proportionally much more than the rich.
This is a map of the official ice roads in Estonia, which can be opened during colder winters.
The only Estonian word that comes from the Gypsy language is *manguma* and it means *to beg*.
Lots of other languages have more concrete pronunciation
Contrary to the popular belief, it's the wights who do most of the killing.
I know about his reputation on Iraq, but what about the economy, or immigration?
Blue is the reflection of sky, lakes, and seas.
But it's still important to stress that it is the same language.
&#x200B;
In IPA: ['nju: 'jork] (note: /'nju:/ is pronounced differently from English "new", but I can't describe how.
Syrian conflict is very useful for Putin, since it turns the attention away from Ukrainian war.
In all honesty, do you think they are more in danger of an invasion than the Baltic states?
It's still present in Estonia
According to wiki he's not PM, he's president and has been for like 4 years.
a) black bread - ham - cheese - cucumber
" "Sai" can be a very common thing to hear in Estonian considering that it means "did (someone) get the bread
Nowadays some families again may be richer, but nobody treats them as a separate class.
A ton of "sources" are actually official soviet/russian encyclopedias
Yes, you are correct
i don't even know
In Estonian “ I love you” translates as “Ma armastan sind”
Another common misconception if you compare with [Latvian or Lithuanian expats in the UK]
If you live in Harjumaa you are basically thought of as having you're life centered around Tallinn
Winter time is literally the natural time, I don't know what you are talking about
Everything Russia does is about money - annexing Crimea, keeping the conflict going in Eastern Ukraine, having a war in Syria.
The first ideas came in 1948 I think, but was really implemented en masse by the 1950s.
In Estonia it is rather rare to do bachelor and not do a masters nowadays (they are considered more of a drop-out than a degree, influenced by the fact that before adopting the Bologna system our bachelor took 4 years to do, so a lot of people have 4-year degree and the 3-year one is considered a bit too basic)
i think about 22 degrees is the norm here, but i have no idea what the tem is right now for me
Like every year they lambast us for "NATO drills", well technically true
No good story has ever included Paldiski.
We are as ex-Soviet as Poland is ex-Nazi.
The locals themselves go to Liepaja beach in Latvia which is filled with Estonians too.
Since when are "wrong vibes" a decent explanation for these sort of decision
Need visa for Russia, damn expensive just to buy some alcohol.
Estonia had a Baltic German upper class throughout the Swedish, Polish and Russian era and Estonian is influenced by German vocabulary (and I presume expressions) [a lot]
In fact, I can't imagine them having fewer rights than Estonians in Estonia if they are citizens.
Metsatöll - Vaid Vaprust
so the gene pool gets "dilluted" of the Finnic genes over time.
Belarus a little more than Ukraine, but in essence, not really.
Funnily enough, that's where I grew up
There are no respectable stores, restaurants or pubs, where you can't pay with a card.
1) I have no idea as I finished school in Soviet Union
I think the most interesting thing that was kind of mentioned already was the mentality.
I still think we often consider each other neighbours
But now there is Rail baltic and I fear it will suit this thread in a couple years
The heat is great, I’d love to have 25-30 degrees all year round
Right now I can't see how the polls aren't predicting a Macron/Fillon victory, whoever comes second in the first round.
If I can spell Worcestershire, the UK dude can spell Tallinn
To be fair, the argument is that everyone are so intertwined that no one lives in his bubble, where the consequences of his decisions rest only on HIS shoulders, hence the popular thought that there probably should some regulation which, yes, may restrict freedom in some way.
And the Coastal Swedish dialect spoken in Estonia borrowed from Estonian :D
Just remember to not [wander on our roads] ;)
I really don't care, but I find it ironic how the public didn't really care when the USA was bombing the shit out of these countries.
" thats like "thanks, strength/energy is needed
I morphed the average Finnish and Latvian/Lithuanian women together and got [this]
They've had a lot of practice with disinformation after all
Plus, Estonians themselves didn't use that root until the late 18th/early 19th century.
He's a joke himself, being an ex-comedian
You can see the problems in old town pubs for example where the toilets are often clogged
I do wish though that we would cut energy dependence on Russia
You can buy monthly tickets to other places as well, but these are for specific trips, for example between Tallinn and Tartu, which would cost you 213 euros
As an Estonian
Didn't they allow some of the migrants to actually go to the UK after all?
I love Swedish people, their attitude, they are a pleasure to work with.
I'm sorry, dear Latvians, I just couldn't resist.
There is a mutual defence clause though for EU
Well why didn't Estonia get what it deserved?
Soviet "Union" too, maybe for some of the priginal members it was a Union, although even those were never elected in a democratic way, so even that is doubtful, especially considering the bolshevics lost the last election they fought in the Russian Republic
I'm not a monarchist btw, but I certainly wouldn't say that they got it unfairly
That's what happens to Finns when they don't get their daily alcohol/sauna.
I was just eating a sandwich, my eyes looking into the distance
Ninasarvik - nosehorn (rhino)
Finnish **Åland Islands (eng) = Ahvenamaa (est)** (just like Ahvenanmaa in Finnish)
Töööö (working night)
They all have these 3 most popular types of buildings: different [wooden houses] from 1880-1940, private houses from [1940-1960s] and a small [soviet district] (in small towns, they can be pretty green and liveable)
000 Russians living inside the borders of the now independent Estonian republic
Meh, let it be - I will never get the reason for downvotes on this sub (mind the cases when the comment really is factually incorrect/offensive/hostile etc, which happens with the best of us I figure).
The death penalty was completely abolished in Estonia in 1998, in order to comply with the European Union laws
Since independence, the course has been towards a welfare society and we have a very high HDI today
Few examples from Estonian:
But yeah, it's the most problematic part of the country
Baltics boycotted this farce of a "referendum", with question "Do you consider it necessary to preserve the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics as a **renewed federation of equal sovereign republics, which will fully guarantee the rights and freedoms of all nationalities.**"
Which makes sense comparing the countries population densities
That's brainiacs' word
- Estonian Open Air Museum (Tallinn)
That's the downside of having your name in plural.
That would also have meant no food.
My grandfathers served in East Germany and at Rostov, while my father served in Georgia.
What has actually changed for you after Brexit?
It’s not crowded, we actually have nature, good standards of living, and nobody beheads anyone
As a defensive army, Estonian military has invested heavily in APCs and anti tank weapons.
There is no myth in dictatorships being evil and [most] democracies being good.
[Source]
How does Estonian accent in Finnish sound to you guys??
Still probably wouldn't have made much of a difference other than having slightly fewer internet trolls to argue with, and on the negative side it might have led to even harsher repressions on the people for having resisted
[Here are a ton of examples
Meme-illiterate people are in the majority here.
I'd be delighted to hear that and I would pretend that I understand something through that thick accent.
O\_O
and painting africa as the land where everyone is starving, is also pretty ignorant imo
Also if you are going from outside to enter your  apartment  and hear your neighbors coming from behind on staircase - better hurry up and get to apartment first to avoid that awkward "hi".
Well, I don't particularly believe in retribution either.
I feel safer in Stockholm than in Tallinn.
In what fashion it was done is another question, but if you and other just keep spewing the "they are ignorant and they hate" bullshit this will not help with anything at all.
Ooh oooh oooh
Question for a Spanish person
3) Our ancestors were freed from slavery 1865
I'm sorry, but a talking snake and intelligent design are not a "complex set of beliefs and rituals" - they are childish fairy tales.
palk = salary
Im happy that you live in a place where cars everywhere arent a problem but Im honestly done with trying to solve puzzles in my head just to walk in the city and not get run over
Indeed, the Netherlands had a proportionally bigger victim count
Wait, so  does article 13 mean that Memes will get copyrighted or whats the problem
just expressing love for your country, then it could very well be [Estonia]
Ugliest flag ever
And although many younger Russians in Northern Estonia are more integrated nowadays, the ones in Northeastern Estonia are often poorly integrated and don't speak Estonian well
I would like to note that illegally entering Chornobyl exclusion zone will get you a small fine of about 15 euros as well as deportation from Ukraine (usually followed by a ban to enter the country for 3 years)
Are pissy at the French for stealing French fries.
Those fees are exist because accepting card payments costs to the merchant
What exactly do you want to point out from that atlantic article?
Do not miss Kazan, Ulan Ude or Krasnoyarsk
Your joke kinda backfired didn't it?
What, how is Skype Swedish
Also it's pretty much in the middle of nowhere and on a border with Latvia
ETV (Eesti Televisioon; Estonian Television)
We're gonna start our own nordic club, with blackjack and hookers
don't want to be in a union with fucking Hungary.
That's why you can be an Estonian in the Netherlands without being a Dutch, but while you can be an Italian in the US and an American by nationality, you won't be an American by ethnicity
As the Estonian flag derives from the flag of the Estonian Students' Society, other student organizations have used a similar scheme.
It's not taboo to talk about it, but if you praise Stalin for example you will get stares and people will be mad at you
In Estonian it's Tallinn and the one l and n forms were used in Russian, which occupied Estonia for half a century.
It would be unreasonable to think the parents of the birthday kid can manage to take care of all the other kids as well as their own
How I met your mother ( barney is a street performer from Estonia) and in Brooklyn 99 there was some guy from a slavic nation and sang a song but it was in estonian xd, doesn't really count but its funny haha
There must be no cartridge in the magazine of a portable firearm, except for a revolver
The only other option for the Estonian Russians was to apply for Russian citizenship, which would make their lifes in Estonia considerably harder though
"the Italian government wants to cozy up to Trump"
Are you sure you're still talking about beer
It just surprises me how messy you guys think it is..
Exactly, as long as you have an ID-card or passport.
I did experience it once in Madrid, it was pretty horrible.
Tom Scott and Brady Haran(most of his channels)
I agree that there are some inaccuracies.
Yes, but isn't Croatian (and Bosnian, Serbian and Montenegrin for that matter) derived from the said dialects of Serbo-Croatian?
Another train wreck
And I also still have my hotmail account as secondary private e-mail
My point is the title makes a broad claim but the record actually happens to be in an extremely specific category.
There isn't really a stereotype that Latvians and Lithuanians themselves are slow and they make far more jokes about the slow Estonians than Slavic people.
Well definetly German, but Russian is most helpful in Eastern European countries
You can authenticate via text message or an app
There are just 12 Jews in Montenegro?
Trump supporter here
Other than art schools, there are basically no entrance exams, but national high school graduation exam grades are used (you can choose some of the subjects and some are compulsory, but within the same subject, the exam papers are the same for everyone and take place at exactly the same time in every school)
It's sort of weird when an actual Slav makes that mistake :D
Estonian Russian makes more sense, but "Russian from Estonia" or "Russian of Estonia" is the term actually used in Estonia
While this may smell of corruption, I remember in Estonia we had a small uproar when they RAISED taxes which harmed the hotel business.
I call certain unintelligent and unpatriotic people "shit" if I want to.
Estland
Length of syllables: "pall" is written in genitive and illative "palli" but both forms are pronounced with different length of "ll".
Not so much anymore but it was filled with americans for some time, it was pretty unbearable.
I understand that, it's a subculture anyway in every country.
Dunno, I think it's pretty good, at least I assume it's a good translation.
They talk in their languages, most or all of their friends are of their nationality, their culture surrounds them, and they probably get their news from their home country.
I once tried Hesburger and almost puked, don't recommend lol
As a regular Old World country, Estonia also follows ius sanguinis citizenship law, whereby you are not entitled to automatic citizenship by merely being born in the territory.
All Estonians were dressed in their usual shades of dark brown, grey and black with an occasional beige or if you're very lucky then navy or maroon
There may be some golden nomenclatura children who feel nostalgia
Having a 20 times larger force next to NATO borders?
Merkel would be ideal due to her vast experience and being centre-right on a political scale
Just out of curiosity what'd be the ideal Russia in your opinion
Geothermal as part of heating systems could help take the edge off the 12-fold difference between December and June difference in insolation near Petersburg, shouldn't bed that bad further south
If you live here for long and don't speak the language, you won't really be respected by locals.
I see kulaks as a national group, they were people who were independent farmers, who were also a part of Ukraine.
Not directly because of the Allies winning but because of how the war ended up and what followed after that the countries of Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland exist today
Estonians do share some cultural similarities with Latvians, but it's mostly with Finns as we are a Finnic people.
Quite many are different in Estonian:
/r/Russia has banned you for hinting towards an unsanctioned direction.
and i guess you are right, there arent many
You are afraid that Latvia will attack Portugal or something
But naming one independent state Macedonia doesn't give them any right over Greek territory, nor does it make you lose the right for that name...
Why are we so over represented here?
Europe is an office
as foreigners as a rule cannot buy cottages in Denmark
I mean, we had a storm in 2005, where it flooded a little and an old lady slipped on her stairs and died, but that's about it...
Thanks for taking the time to answer, I appreciate that.
Therefore, private tuition is usually only a thing if you are actually having trouble with a single subject (usually Maths / Physics / some language) - and in this case, the tutor is usually a just young Uni student who passed his secondary school with flying colours
*And so the Estonians were left crying in the corner
For them, 40+ km is a long ride
The same way Syrian refugees feel sidelined in Sweden, it's quite similar.
(I do love Asian food though
14  ex-socialist/soviet countries have tax rates over 13%.
Nowadays you just have to go faster than 120 and you won't even feel half the potholes.
There is going to be nothing in the archives.
Plus Sweden reduced the powers of the Baltic German overlords.
7° in Canada today
Lol Sweden would have been a better choice
I the capital, you have traffic jams and commute that takes more than 20m. Higher salaries, higher living costs and all these typical things
Yep, although I think this question entails modern countries
I disagree with about everything our current government under prime minister Ratas does
It's weird because in everyday life they seem like normal people, but then you see their Facebook posts...
Swedes in Finland have lived there for centuries and have played pivotal role in Finnish history
Japanese - アプリコット (apurikotto)
The reference was about Latvia.
Uzbek sons of bitches
Weird that you have that - youth slang depends on location, but there is no specific slang for all age groups in Tallinn.
Yeah maybe he helped to leak some documents that put Clinton in bad light, but I don't think that Trump has that much to gain from being influenced by Putin.
Did not really think that there will be Portugese people that know of Estonia (:  When I visited Portugal, I felt an odd sort of connection with the place, that has never been the case with any other southern countries - so it intrigued me a lot
2billion per year in structural funding
Air force base skews the demographics to be almost exclusively young men who browse internet all day.
Who could get against our wide variety of dairy products, our obsessions with potatoes and all sorts of cuisine influences from Germany, Scandinavia and Russia?
waste / fin
Hard to call this time free when the territory of Ukraine was divied between multiple factions waging war against each other
Slavery was also historical event that had enormous impact
How is that a fallacious comparison?
Most people under 35 speak it more or less fluently.
I want to leave estonia but I fear that means severing my only connection to my heritage
Mun mielestä ei ole suomi ihan vaikea, mutta mä teen vielä paljon virheitä.
Kite in estonian is "tuulelohe", which basically translates to "dragon of the wind", being composed of "tuule" meaning "of the wind", and "lohe" meaning dragon, as i said before
- Everything else: flying
Need sinna juurde veel
Well they're always lurking around...
I also hate all these English names with Estonian spelling, such as Kätlin (Caitlyn), Keit (Kate), Braian (Brian) or Mäddox (whatever this is supposed to be)
Lol, what are you smoking
They are local celebrities
A facade of an Estonian republic was not an Estonian state either.
Do you even make sense to yourself.
English was very easy to learn compared to any other foreign language I've studied, but I think that's mainly because of more opportunities to practice it rather than any inherent attribute of the language
Bring foreigners in and give them expectations that they are now glorious colonizers, then they will seek back to their glorious motherland after the colonization ends
Americans follow the Greek system, we here follow the German system.
Warm: 18 to 24 (21 being perfect)
And Estonia likes Finland
As a Russian who is still going to a Russian school here, I have to learn Estonian
And although nazis were bad I'd say they were better for us than the Soviet Union
Still shitty though, but the original legend was just horrible...
Austria
* 'Supper' when referring to dinner, I have only seen people referring to 'fish supper' (fish and chips)
What are your local versions from all different levels?
*kills self because of left wing ignorance displayed*
Highlights East-West divide when it's mainly 4 Eastern members and not the other 7.
You can get a half liter bottle of water for like 30 cents in Estonia
As a matter of fact I do
>not so much in other countries
We aren't nordic
More like "soil", which is value no
I'm sure Hitler would have also helped with the process of securing the unity of Poland if only the West "had tried".
damn, how much were they speeding
Of course it has a downside as well as our prices are more inflated than in most other post-socialist countries
Sort of a "you don't say" moment
"Become" is not the correct word here.
Apparently this is the reason Putler doesn't like us very much.
Vancouver or Seattle, love the scenery, tolerate the weather, good quality of life etc.
Well among teenagers it's quite popular to wear shirts that say fuck or lit or w/e. Often in bold italic Futura
The US president can make executive orders, which theoretically don't have to follow any laws.
Mart Helme, interior minister, said that gays can go to sweden
In Estonia it depends where you are, in the south accesessing groundwater is pretty easy so tap water comes from the groundwater, but in the north there is limestone in between the surface and groundwater so you can't really get groundwater there, so they take water from the surface and clean it, so it isn't really good to drink
The languages are related distantly enough, to not understand more than single words, but have a look at that for example:
Here it's the same buying and Android or an iPhone it's just another brand but in the US it's a bit more complex
If someone illegally imports their people do your land, it doesn't mean they should have a special status.
Second World if you want to use the Cold War era definitions.
Altough I just realized it is referring to our very digital country.
As long as your citizens are smarter than ours and don't start stupid enviromental shit
Eastern is at least tolerable, northern too, half nort half east imo
And you do know the Soviets occupied us first, right?
Don't get your genderfluid on me
what kind of bread do you use
But it's a tad bit different issue than the sound of the name...
It really takes a couple of minutes if you are an e-resident.
That's a relatively important question for someone living next to Russia, isn't it?
Putting pineapple on pizza is simply blasphemous
As an American expat, I was totally surprised and enthralled with them
Similarly, my mum would speak in Bulgarian to her mum/friends when she didn't want me to understand the conversation
Only game I know that has an Estonian translation is minecraft but I still prefer English
I would like to have one, even though it is an incrediby boring and insane book.
Very small amount of articles and most available articles are pretty short
We are only "milk white skinned" because we don't receive enough sunlight for most of the year
I want something equivalent for men.
/ɡ/ (as in gun) in Classical Latin and by Slavic, German and Danish speakers.
Example of flats for such price
Nobody really advertises it under this name, it's just the colloquial name by Estonians for this burger
Looking at the climate charts, Stockholm is a bit warmer: our averages are 3-5 degrees lower in the winter and just 1-2 degrees lower in the summer
>I'm sorry but I think the EU should sanction Estonia over this
Wolfsburg, the city so awful, even our trains don't want to stop there.
Especially bad if the video sucks and doesn't talk about what's promised, then I have wasted minutes of my time, that could be spent somewhere else (reading some other stuff on reddit usually)
- Standard Estonian has lost [vowel harmony]#Uralic_languages) so intrinsic to Finno-Ugric languages, but Võro-Seto dialects in Southeastern Estonia have retained it;
It's like a mini test country based on every average statistic possible
car doors can freeze shut so thats kind of fun
I wouldn't even call our right-wing populist Estonian National Conservative Party a nationalist party per se and I can't see their support growing over 20% unless the EU goes full immigration-friendly again, which I don't really see happening in the near future.
I'd think that an average graduate would earn 1300-1400 (after tax) in the first year after graduating, though the full range is of course very wide, some jobs can earn you twice as much, some might get you stuck at 900
Yes, though we don't usually do it on a pan, many people have special sandwich maker  (mind you it's not a regular toaster), which allows to heat up sandwiches with filling
Is it OC
Espercially when you're in the central tourist area, fast food is fast, cheap and you know what you're getting so you can have a quick lunch and continue sightseeing
I think Lithuania is wrong color.
Estonians, Dutch people, Latvians, Greeks, Finns - they are all ethnic groups, specifically ethno-linguistic groups, who all have their own cultures
Also rowing, plus fencing due to the good fencing school in Haapsalu.
These are very complicated problems, with no one simple answer it seems though...
Living here I definitely feel closer to the continent than to the rest of the country, if that makes sense
I'm not sure what you are saying.
Her voice sounded too light for me to make the connection between what sounds were coming out of her mouth and words I knew
At least back when I was in school, we started by doing all-caps print letters, then moved on to cursive
Southern Estonians and Estonian Islanders speak with a recognizable different intonation, but Tallinners do not.
Statelessness allows them to go visa-free both to Russia *and* the EU
Orav
They were convinced I was insane saying they're an actual animal and I had to show them a Wikipedia page for them to calm down
I only wish you could have lived in the Soviet Union.
Yeah that's just not the same as Estonian Air.
ah, finally
Women are indeed beautiful and the people in general tend to be rational.
You can't separate aftermath of the war from the events of the war - even the fact that Russians aren't allies comes from events of the war(occupation of eastern europe by ussr in 1944-45)
I haven't heard any yet, and I really need a good laugh
Estland
There were sometimes high kings of ireland
The town of Tartu even has a famous park where you are allowed to drink, but in the rest of the country it is theoretically illegal.
It's not that bad, the tourists mostly buy the tanks and artillery weapons from local Ukrainian supermarkets.
What about the rest of the French territories, the overseas collectivities and New Caledonia?
Estonian does not make a difference between "he" and "she" either and it does show
Uhh they are, closedt language to hungarian is mansi and mansi are finno ugric same as hungarians
pur whole country is in the middle of nowhere
I can tell an Estonian accent apart quite easily, it is usually [quite stiff and slow] [Finnish accent] is similar, but a lot slower and even more stiff and I can easily recognize that it is a Finn speaking English.
Yeah, you can
So if an animal tripped over the wire, it would take a photo
" as you are doing
Think with your head for a moment, will you?
You can eat them both warm and cold.
same in Estonian
What you are is what defines you, not what you wear.
I didn't realize it was supposed to be something else
In fact, only Estonia and Latvia did
Sounds like a good idea though
Also millions of east europeans who migrated to Western Europe probably just wanted to take a look at Westminster and Eiffel tower, right
Was a nice ride
I own 3 - 100€ bills that I look at for their uniqueness
What book would you recommend that I can read to get a better perspective on that war ?
I want to leave estonia but I fear that means severing my only connection to my heritage
Not too large and not too small ones.
I know Russia *tries* to use that tactic, but fortunately for us, the EU also has some kind of unified foreign policy and Germany is far from being the only decider on that front
I would presume so, that's the way cases are usually taught.
But in  general people with less wealth and in more impoverished conditions are less satisfied with their lives
Unfortunately all lost thanks to two mustached angry cunts
Häid jõule
Median wage is also significantly different from average - almost 300 euros lower
Part of a 2015 vacation in Narva and Tallinn.
Notice that they had an extra question about "Declaration of State Sovereignty of Ukraine" in their ballot and that got 81.7% Yes.
MI-6 has had some budget cuts and needs to update the database
There, can we stop the shitshow
But they do it jokingly, rather than judging you for doing something wrong
It's just enough to survive
US citizens can visit EU without a visa for up to 90 days
Democracy in the EU is a joke, when the parliament has no right to propose laws.
I am well aware of that, I just don't get why you don't get why we are using the term "mountain" to explain the bloody point...
The use of signs was so poor I felt like I was in Italy
During the 2013-2014 school year there were: 15 schools teaching in the Crimean Tatar language; one school with lessons in both Crimean Tatar and Ukrainian; 20 schools with joint Crimean Tatar and Russian schools; and 27 schools with all three languages (Crimean Tatar, Ukrainian and Russian).
>Behind the Lord's back
The 1st part of [this] pretty much sums it up.
and bad weather
They don't have any allies, except for Scots
I thought it was Lithuania because of Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth
If I recall correctly it is a policy agreement, not a treaty obligation.
And it's really common throughout Europe.
raamat: est
Everything is fine and the future is bright.
Not fired, but definitely lose [almost all] friends [if Marxist].
Reformierakond (Reform Party)(Liberal)
He has actually spoken fluent accentless Estonian in one of his videos, but he has taken it down for some reason.
bread with just jam is a great cheap snack though
Not if your room has no ventilation
Now it is that Georgians should have known they are Russia's bitch and Russians can do anything they want because they are stronk.
Oh, DO get a life
Although in Estonian, the first R isn't rolled as much, so it doesn't sound so badass ;)
Just an excuse to be unhealthy with people you don't really like
The crash site of the MH17 perhaps?
Data suggests that the better assimilated into Estonian society the people are, the more they support NATO
M8, look at My flair
It's more like around 23
No it isn't. Every web server by default logs things like IP addresses, which is personal data
Not only that, there is a clear will for a "genocide of Erdoğan" among the European population.
I don't personally work with nurses, so that part is foggier for me
Rather extreme cases, but if some people like it, then others shouldn't get their panties twisted because of that.
None of these apply to what I said ;)
Tbh Soviet Union was governed a lot better than the Russian empire.
Turkish and Egyptian resorts used to be very popular, but now probably not so much.
At least in my experience
Prague has been my favorite holiday location so far, can't complain.
OK, we have something similar, called [*sepik*]
from denmark to finland
I'd have expected it to be a West-East division, but a Norwegian said it's normal to fly it, while a Pole said it's not that common
Also, don't bring any quality of life, economic development, wage level, human development, education, life expectancy or any other similar statistics, because these are all fake CIA fabricated numbers to make Russia look bad
Estonia's total area is 4
". Kuuleb means is hearing
I speak Russian and Estonian, so will go with both
Which is sort of an important factoid that some people conveniently forget to excuse Stalin's actions.
estonian too, but i would argue german isnt phonetic because they have some noun combinations that are pronounced differently
TIL Latvians call Turkeys titters ....
It seems like it is easy for us aswell
Ah, *burksikaste*, a mixture of ketchup and mayonnaise.
School started either at 8:00 or 14:00.
Germanic people and Balts are ethnically related because both of them are subgroups of Indo-Europeans - this is why Dutch people and Latvians are ethnically related, but neither of them are ethnically related to Estonians
In Estonia it would be Tamm as it is the most common name, meaning either an "Oak" or a "Dam" or a "Dike".
Now it all makes sense
Usually alone, unless it's comfortable for the parents to drop them off
That means it is Assange who is trying to lie to people.
> How do you say the "Strength needed" part in Eesti keel
&#x200B;
Also don’t call us or any other baltic countries russian or imply anything similar, there’s a lot of bad history there and quite frankly it’s a bit offensive
Checked google maps and up in the north of Norway there are areas of 100+ km with no man-made structures in them
[Estonia] (a scene from the Estonian Song Festival)
loooool, you are Slavic, you are definitely more Eastern European than us.
So the Western EU couldnt afford to just sanction and softly protest
But pretty strictly only in the hallways
However if NATO weakens then there is definitly a possibility that Putin sees that as a chance.
And also because of the low numbers, it is not really worth it for radical organizations to spend resources on targeted recruitment here
We have the same saying, but the meaning is completely different
That idea wouldn't really sell in Estonia, despite good relations with Latvia.
One party hovering close to 50% in polls alone is a very dangerous sign in a democracy, especially in a country where there's no dual-party system
I don't know how some are brave enough to try and cycle in 9 lanes of traffic so most just use the sidewalks if at all
hiders would have to avoid the seeker and the seeker was blindfolded
Just having to read through the regulation and being fully aware of its implications costs tons of money even if you don't have to do ANY changes
I like how someone is downvoting my simple explanations about my country for no particular reason.
Both are taught in schools in these southeastern regions, but many move to bigger towns and they can speak Standard Estonian without an accent, so they easily mingle in.
The point is that it's not like cities/towns of our size have faster trains operating between them anywhere in Europe
That opinion is also strongly influenced by Russian propaganda.
Not in Estonia
But I am just your typical workaholic, so I am not a good representative of an average worker
Sometimes considered a language, sometimes just a dialect, Seto, aka old Estonian
Even today Estonians consider "working to death" as proper way to live
When I was around twelve me and my mom were walking around in Tenerife and there was a guy who started loudly singing" KIIIMI Räikkönen, Kimi RÄIKKÖNEN" TO ME
Uhhhhhhh well Finland is basiclly the helpful step bro (please no im stuck jokes please i beg you) Latvia and Lithuania are like normal brothers
Funnily enough, we seem to also share a tiny dessert that you call Túró Rudi and most of Europe does not know of
Latvia
Estonian is actually a combination of two groups of Finnic dialects:
Everywhere outside of Tallinn
The whole eastern side of Europe suffered a lot, yet there are vastly different shares of religious people.
Yup, it kinda feels like little needles poking your face and you're left thinking why do I live in a place where even the literal air hurts
Source:Finland
And I am yet to see whether they are wrong and whether Brexit and the rise of the anti-immigration parties was the only thing that pushed the EU into some direction of reforming itself...
But as we are a small country, I think the main difference is that you don't know so many people personally, and therefore it is more difficult to organize many things
Read about him - even other colonial powers like UK were shocked at how awful things were in Congo
Meat surrounded by jello
ive seen many like this but never knew how to do these
I mean, let's be honest, a very big part of it is showing middle finger to the USSR and not just symbolically
Most international models per capita.
Most likely Canada though due to similar weather.
Energy independence from Russia > green energy
" and I determined that it was bs and I shall use that word as much as I damn want
Even fewer use them
"ma laulan homme" means "I will/am going to sing tomorrow". the tomorrow makes it known that the singing is not currently happening, but will happen in the future
* ?-1227 - though there wasn't really an unified Estonian state at the time, so not sure if that counts
>military complex , slavery and wealth obscenity
Ah, it's us who is making enemies of them.
What happened to the glorious ornate Soviet undergrounds
Why does this one bother you, but the other official names don't?
Actually, this is different
Boy I miss 2010's.
Why is every country building its own isolated system and how come not even all countries use it
So less than half, as I understand.
I thought that the fear was over exaggerated and that he will just be a forgettable president.
Over here you get a fine, if you don't.
Also in the Baltic sea, making it one of the most polluted seas in the world.
You guys regularly go to Estonia just to buy liquor?
I know a guy who lived and worked in several EU countries and he is eligible to collect the pension (based on how much he worked) from each of those countries when he retires
But for a few weird hours there will be a lot more people at the latvian-estonian border as all of 400k residents of Tallinn will appear there
so there's no heating or water or anything
I visited NYC this summer and I quite liked it.
Wonder if you would have called Czechoslovakia and Poland a small Germanophobic clique in 1939.
Honestly it's fine
If you are being told you throw these words too lightly perhaps its time to look at this as well too, but yet you guys never do apparently
However waking up at 6am at the end of February because the sun is in your eyes and panicking that you're way too late to work is just nuts
Despite the fact that we've been under Russian control longer than Crimea...
of course there should be NaäATO troops here!
>I’m pretty sure that Russia beneficial as an ally to Germany would also be beneficial to the Eastern Europeans as a neighbor
TBH yes you are Nordic as long as Fins are Nordic too.
Now I usually just say "Halloo
Well I agree with your sentence:
That may not be an entirely bad things, you know
(1) Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein the supreme power of state is vested in the people.
Well it is pretty dirty
oooh yes, but their pro-Russian chairman was ousted on Saturday.
Visiting the USA as a foreigner is not a human right that the USA must grant to everyone in the world.
It has an important university, one ministry, the Supreme Court and several scientific institutions
Tbh Lenin as a Chuvash is more of a meme
I feel like I was that one guy that brought the percentage single handedly down by like 3.0
However I don't see how having US bases in some european countries does those countries any good.
Perhaps [Arvo Pärt]ärt), the most performed living composer in the world for five consecutive years.
I was never in smaller class then 32.
Laiskloom - lazy animal (sloth)
But this is coming from an almost underweight tiny female
But can you also distinguish between the accents of related or regional languages?
If the Balkans are grouped as Southeastern Europe then clearly Estonia is in Northeastern Europe.
Of course you know, but what do you think about it, will people riot or something
They usually protect the already existing buildings, but there are some obligations to build similar architecture in some neighborhoods.
There is a concrete evidence that Russia has build up and is funding a network for spreading exactly these kinds of fakes.
The fees will slide to €4.5 per gigabyte in 2019, €3.5 in 2020, €3 in 2021 and then to €2.5 in 2022, Kumpula-Natri’s office said.
Americans are prejudiced against only if they fall into the stereotypical 'loud insensitive tourist who considers everyone with a national accent brain damaged' trope.
You can get a permit to carry a weapon
but city centre/old town, nõmme, kristiine, haabersti, maybe even pirita (idk dont have much experience there) are pretty safe in my opinion
No, they're all the same to me.
You too, there are luckily so few in Estonia, who think like that.
Russia is an extremely important economic partner for Kazakhstan, so they can't really afford a stand-off either
E:it's not going to be the end of the world is not a great argument for a shitty decision
kudos for differentiating between a federation and a federacy!
About half of forests are state forests and they reforest everything they cut (1% of state forest each year) sauce:
Another less popular way to say it is песик/pesyk meaning "little doggie", though i personally prefer the snail option
My english teacher in 4th grade spelled sneakers as "snikers". I am wearing snickers apparently
How do you store any jug filled with a liquid in the fridge?
Yes, it is hard to call it event
, use assault and battle rifles too
tho the last native speaker died in the 90s.
And as you said, passing by Malmö to buy things you couldn't find elsewhere
Generally I loved it as NYC is definitely a very unique setting
The problem is not that the healthcare isn't universal, the problem is that the healthcare is monopolized and de-regulated - because of that it is ridiculously expensive
'igatsus'
Nohu
Banning ethnicity statistics would probably create a huge backslash from Estonians, seeing it as a way to hide some pro-minority developments in our ethnic structure, which is a sensitive subject due to the large-scale forced-upon Russian immigration in the Soviet times.
Here they are way too connected to their motherland and many consider Estonia a legitimate part of their empire.
Oh sure, the general *leivasupp* is indeed a thing.
In some languages there is no negative connotation with the local word for nationalism.
[Utterly beautiful]
And all drivers should prove from time to time that they haven't lost their skills, especially since driving conditions can change drastically
I'm in no place to comment this subject in detail, but do believe it's more common in smaller and less diversified countries.
Even colder today, someone capture the image in half an hour to match that of yesterday, sun is still lower than last time
Nope, not a single bit of Russian, back to the 1600s my family in all lines has lived on the island
I'm not a monarchist btw, but I certainly wouldn't say that they got it unfairly
Central anywhere is a tourist trap
Most people do that, it's sort of part of our culture.
Spent the whole day in bed sweating and sleeping
You need to understand the concept of *why* muslim women wear headscarves and face-veils.
How the hell did we let another post-socialist country get past us in this?
Two more false friends
I used to visit Bratislava quite often while living in Vienna and of course it’s not as interesting as Vienna but I always liked it’s atmosphere more than Vienna’s.
Noh, Sakslane ise küsis hämmingus, et kas Hildegard on mehe nimi Eestis
What other options did the British have?
Spring - three months of average skiing weather
Jõuluõlu here
I heard it on some sports show that talked about winter running, but that's all the source I can give you.
I usually drink it as the first thing in the morning after heavy drinking.
Most of the country is atheist
Fairly sure it was about 10% more than last year if I saw the correct numbers.
So the life will return to normal course in less than a day
Well it is with one *n* in Russian, so that can be a thing, sometimes
In Estonia there are currently 72
Sorry тимуровец, I have no warm feelings for Gaidar propaganda stories.
And Sweden later officially apologized for that.
50 for a student
Cheese should be the lower layer!
Did I really have to remind you of this again
Combine that with wind and storage, should work out fine
We'll [burn their cities to the ground] and make them bow to our master race!
However you have to take into account that perceptive wealth comes from them having more money for decades and decades.
There's probably a special fee for that
Unless I am outside for a long time, yes I do
Oh wait
I'm talking about domestic energy production, I'm talking about growing this number, which you already seem to have already set goals to reach 25%
For them, 40+ km is a long ride
Cut down the powerline, took it home
We are also facing a never ending embarrasement caused by our Interior Minister
OK before anything else: what does the "America" stand for in all these categories?
Migration patterns of millions of people from less wealthy to more wealthy countries (in many cases where people put their lives in danger) only confirm that
Russia = Venemaa
I think Haapsalu, Jurmala and Palanga are more or less equally popular among Russian tourists.
The most important thing is that there are quite many Western youths believing it simply because they think their own media is biased and everything coming from anti-Western news (especially Russia) is correct.
We have KFC here at Estonia
Kohuke- Sweetened curd cheese (sometimes with additional items like jam or chocolate inside) covered in a thin layer of chocolate
Pfft hard to tell really, probably the national station ETV as it has lost the least viewers in the past decade, young folk don't really watch TV anymore, certainly not live
Just like it was possible to fit the Left party with similar numbers before into the government.
Estonia basically always, why
Because it is more popular than football in Estonia.
At least in the proposed case, such table flips would be regarded as illegal by the international community.
- Kumu Art Museum (Tallinn)
Outside reddit nobody really cares
He's on his way to Phoenix Arizona to go to one company's 70th Birthday
Well, the document protecting certain groups should first and foremost state that it is the document which is intended to have such power in the first place.
Don't worry, 2016 will be over soon.
He has added those random mixed Russian-Estonian ares in Western and North-Central Estonia in order to make the geographically very small Russian-speaking areas "more proportional". The real situation looks like [this]
Here in the northeast, I have only found the ones with jam inside them.
I'd say about 3-4, but I do consider myself to be an optimistic person!
Tbh it's hard to pick just a few, we have a lot of well known patriotic songs
"ma varsti laulan" would mean "I will soon sing"
Source for eleciton results where he lost
I wonder what they mean
Every other garage band here is a folk band.
My favorite language apart from the Finnic ones is English
* Ei
Estonian and Hungarian are related.
5226 million hectares
The Azores are one of the most beautiful places I’ve ever visited
North Estonian is genealogically closer to Finnish than it is to South Estonian, so the Finnic people probably splintered in Estonia first and only then did Finns migrate onwards
1€ -  A bag of chips
From Tallinn:
Horilka, which is a Ukrainian word for vodka,more specifically percivka which is horilka with chilli pepper and spices, I never tasted it since I don't drink, but they say it's great
most of Estonians know atleast some Russian so we're pretty okay in Russia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland
That's not how any of this works!
Summers did get warmer though, and I kinda enjoy it
In addition only to maybe saying hallo in the hallway/corridor of an apartment building or when passing each-other on a forest trail
Many schools also offer the opportunity to study a 3rd foreign language in high school.
How come are polish jews part of polish culture if lipka tatars have their own culture?
Pretty sure, it’s the same
Honestly with all the shit the US government (and various federal bureaus) has done, it's reasonable to at least not trust it much
Oh "That 70s Show" was mildly popular here, I am a big fan myself - often watching old clips of the show.
*Kogu kogu X kokku* ("collect the whole X together") is possible in Estonian as well.
How was it even possible to miss your point?
The point of such a flag would be to let your friends and country see that among your people are those, who are actively for/against some topic - to make them change their mind perhaps.
Since we hated the communist more than the fascist, we have it more communist oriented
Some Pacific islanders as well perhaps.
The fact that an imperialist dictatorship has the right to veto such decisions shows that we are living in a broken world.
Yeeeeahhh, that hasn't been tried before at all.
People who think like you are always right.
Northern Russia was populated by finnic people.
The "textbook" prescribed totalitarian violence, terror and even genocide of unworthy nations
It is very small compared to Tallinn, even though it is our second biggest town
On the Internet generally, definitely not just on Reddit.
Especially now that almost everything is much cheaper to buy in Latvia(for the geographically uneducated,i live in Estonia)
Wait, I didn't claim Estonia's name doesn't derive from the word "east", absolutely I didn't.
I mean, maybe it's good if fossil fuel exports dwindle
for example "jäääär" consists of two words, "jää  and "äär" so you just say these two words very close to each other, sort of
Naples has a huge graffiti issue as well
Well, you can rent for as low as 250 eur a studio or room in a flat, or you can splurge a 1500 for some fancy big flat in city center
Sorry but how do you even compare it with Riga
Of course they have a constitution, just not in one written document.
I forget words like 'lunch' and 'airplane'.
I'd say it's a beautiful language, although it doesn't particularly strike out for that quality
Süüa (to eat) should be pronounced as süia, same with müüa (to sell) - müia
i've got into many unnecessary arguments on discord because american people misunderstand the meaning of what i say
[If you have time to use Google translate on this page, you should check it out( it also is relevant to the first paragraph)
* Next fell because PM has shade real estate deals
I think I can count the books I've read since starting university in 2014 on one hand, certainly on two
I know at least a dozen Estonians, who would call you "closet gay" because of this tolerant sentiment...
Idiots ididocracy is limitless
Apparently the right-wing Prime Minister Mart Laar had been target practicing at the picture of Edgar Savisaar, the controversial left-wing party leader.
Pretty much you made everything up here.
1 sovereign state of [Kingdom of] Denmark and three constituent states of Denmark, Faroe Islands and Greenland?
Or better yet, "Do you speak Russian or "Estonian"?"
That may not be as Italy has also reached their capability for tests per day
The classroom looks the same but we didn't have cleaning or finances subjects
well, my problem is - too many social liberals and too less economy ones
It's a fairly new tradition(which was partially introduced/copied from you in a move to distance ourselves from the previous Soviet/Tsarist symbols of remembrance/war that were (St
Defense League was first established in 1918 and re-established in 1990.
Could be that you cannot have derogatory words or the word "police" on your vehicle
Can the MHP and CHP really form a coalition?
People like Alger Hiss or Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
We don't have muscle cars as part of the police fleet
Well it is in colloquial English.
>Why are they holding pride parades if they were forcibly recruited, you ask
Crazy that such a distinction in accent exists within the same language.
Other places in the world with similar reputation include Sydney, Vancouver, Bay Area, Toronto, NYC
Bravo,
It just means income after taxes.
What do they want the governments to do exactly
>for what you get
They are Northeastern Europe with little ties to the "rest" of Eastern Europe and a lot more ties to the rest of Northern Europe.
You wouldn't be so glad after Trump's victory if you lived next to Putinland..
We're gonna start our own nordic club, with blackjack and hookers
[This map]#/media/File:Party_affiliations_in_the_European_Council_\(28_June_2015\).png) has a much better colour scheme for example.
Except there were no indigenous ethnic groups left there to claim them.
Ah what a beautiful picture without immigrants
At this temperature the nylon clothing stiffens quite a lot and running becomes quite uncomfortable.
I don't understand why Turkey is still in NATO
\[...\] During World War II, parts of the fortress complex were used by the Nazi Germany for detention, interrogation, and execution
This sounds as stupid as calling US attack on Iraq as Cavalry attack because 1st Cavalry Division participated
The only people in the world who could consider Iceland to be a big brother.
They contribute way more to the US economy than a lot of Americans will ever realise and that is sad
Is it meant to imply that you don't believe me or do you say that it is a new information to you and you'd change your mind accordingly (if it were true).
Only an average of 325 people attended a game last season.
You put sour cream on sauerkraut
There is no controversy about it
Of course, monarchism itself is an outdated system and I'm sure it'll just fizzle out sooner rather than later, but there's no need to be angry at them today
At least it's not so noticeable that I would feel the need to move to another country just to fix it.
yadi yada yada
Or [“Laul Põhjamaast”]  (starting from 1:10)
Not at all
The thing is that a significant part of the youth have left, so many who would have commited crimes are gone (most likely to Tallinn)
What 25,000 are you're talking about?
Estonian: *orav*
I wasn't saying that they lost vote solely because they joined together, but it's not obvious to me that they gained the 5% or whatever IU had before.
62/hr in 2016
You are sympathizing with the aggressor.
Probably done during maintenance when the seats weren't inside anyway or before the seats were installed into the plane at all
Western people were just not affected by this propaganda
This buffer zone is now EU territory instead of a bunch of more easily manipulable states.
One, that I did not see here
Late 90's was a different time
No, Poland indeed avoided recession during the Great Recession.
Not only that, but it puts a very strict criteria of what is considered victims.
over here most know the continents, a general layout of Europe, and where countries like the US and Russia and China and Australia are.
And how has that cooperation wronged anybody, or Estonia?
It will be difficult since they haven't even begun yet.
Same here
In Estonia the use of our flag is pretty excessive, which probably due to the fact that the display of the Estonian flag was strictly prohibited during Soviet time
Religious reasons
That's why most of the lovelocks in Estonia have Russian names on them.
>were you can be more that a few kilometers from structures
Ohh no, anyways
In Estonia they are planning to open a bunch of Lidls and I’m not exactely happy about it
Vielen Dank
But they are an old party, were't they part of the problem in the past?
I don't know who titled this post, but here locally, we don't actually celebrate it as "100 years *of* independence", but as "Estonia's 100th birthday".
I mean, if there is a mixed-gender sauna event, then genders usually go to the sauna room separately.
My hat's off to you, Macedonia.
Funnily enough, with how Estonian pronunciation works, Kevin actually sounds normal unlike most others (Brandon etc)
Can we distinguish between our accents when speaking English?
Most of it is harmless, yet many people think nationalism only goes for radicals.
Enough to know she was hospitalized early each time, which one was born early and which one late etc
>Black represent dirt iirc
Haha, I cut it like your brother-in-law as well
When 33% of your salary goes to social tax, that pays for healthcare, universities and pensions, it's not "free". It's just guaranteed to most of the society
North Estonian is genealogically closer to Finnish than it is to South Estonian, so the Finnic people probably splintered in Estonia first and only then did Finns migrate onwards
German was our first foreign language ;)
Most people know how to spell well enough and the difference between people would be rather arbitrary
I also haven’t noticed any difference between the attitude towards men or women
Dude even many local residents don't speak the language.
Here in Estonia basic pension (if you didn't work) is like 190 euros, average if you worked for lets say 30 years is around 400ish euros
So the Soviet censors didn't like it, but dumb as they were with their lacking knowledge of Estonian, they allowed it to be renamed *Tapa Edasi*, which meant "Tapa Forward", but also "Keep Killing".
The expression arose after Russia conquered Estonia.
We never had our head in our butt with green energy.
Estonians are very patriotic, but it's mostly in the "love of your country and culture" kind of way and nothing political, nor with any huge pride like in America.
003XXX must have really sped to get 41 minutes remaining
Since i live in Viimsi
However keeping state symbols alone reduces the chance of international tensions caused by a few idiots..
You simply are apart of the common zones, free economy and peoples movement etc
Work night = töööö
Basically everything written by our national poetess Lydia Koidula ("Lydia of the Dawn").
Blind chicken- basically it was hide&seek + catch mixed
The youngest "real word" I could find was demarche even though I can't recall ever hearing it out loud
you mean to say that vegetarian food doesn't include meat?
The only hope for the no-car idealists is when public transport is so easy and fast and comfortable, that young people don't want to buy cars anymore
I would rather take a neutral stance about that.
I like to hear Spanish, they seem to speak with a lot of emotion and really quick from time to time
And before too, according to some historians.
Good, but we need more
Nobody is building monuments to honour the *trawniki* douchebags
Iceland was first after restoring independence in 1991.
We get along with Latvia just fine, but it's just not nearly as close relationship than with Finland.
This wasn't about the Russians living in the Baltics.
In russian schools, you will start studying estonian in 6th.
Therefore you don't get full-time salary either
i mean yes but also no
Many of them identify themselves as Russian, they have family in Russia
The main reason IMO is that Ratas - as an actual centrist - is attempting to play by the rules of the liberal establishment, which makes him a weak spot in the coalition
Another [video] from that small parade.
I’m not sure on which basis you’re saying Estonia is culturally Eastern Europe
>Besides to countries that share your mother tongue (i.e. Germans in Austria)
Working in Western Europe: French or German
Considering the US is the biggest liberal democracy in the world, there is some truth to it.
Estonia has fuck all influence on Russia and disturbingly little on their own population in the northeast even.
I actually have more problem with long-term slightly-too-cold than short-term very-cold-exposure
And considering how Russia is behaving we are going to need it even less.
I've heard about the Estonian darkness though, how it changes you.
I've seen people spell it with one n, but wow, never something this butchered
After being thoroughly "disarmed", the bags were determined to, in fact, contain trash
I don't see how someone can say ww1 and ww2 didn't have big effect on how UK foreign relations are shaped
You get the latter here as well
There were many years, when they took in less than 100 new kids a year, yet we had \~150 doctors retiring each year and it quickly built up
We can't merge Estonian and Russian municipalities!
A rough guess on how many islands you've visited then?
Do you have a problem with the dots or with the shortened year?
Truly saddening by the rate of Russification and how little education is provided in indigenous languages.
Some people will just never get that there was an ongoing civil war.
Name the most evil thing they did that does not come from some conspiracy site.
We saw how people react to these changes in France
Eurostat disagrees with you:
The Soviet censors were often Russians and lacked any knowledge of Estonian, so they had to use translators, who often kept their mouths shut about double entendres.
The moving abroad part is true for some doctors, but I'm not sold that's a bigger aspect than socio-demographical changes - and it is even amplified by that
The [Song of Estonia] event was a political meeting / concert in 1988, during the Singing Revolution.
As revolution of the working class
I wouldn't say that happened much.
There is no cultural divide, but there certainly is a socio-economic divide
§ 50
conscription is still a thing here so most men have been through the military, but actual vets from missions to Afghanistan and other NATO projects are starting to get more support - a few years ago, an initiative for veterans' day was started and it actually took off decently well, with people wearing the little flower pins that were created for the event and there being a fairly popular concert organised every year.
Nah, looks nothing like him, but he looks almost exactly like Naftali Bennet from Israel
Well you would really have to specifically look for an interracial relationship if you really wanted one here, so no.
There's even an [Estonian Wiki article] about it
>There's no way extremist or heavily populist politicians can have a large hand in determining policy even if they receive more votes than usual in an election
For example forest brothers killed hundreds of Soviet soldiers
Now that this issue has gone so far and it has become obvious that we the people need to raise our voices, could you give us some suggestions on what to tell out MEPs
Pea, õlad, pepu, põlved, varbad, põlved, varbad
But the Elizabeths, Louis's, Felipes, etc generally stay in their original form
QWERTY with special letters of the Estonian language like õ, ä, ö, ü.
Argentinian and most Caribbean ones (Venezuelan as well, due to all the soap-operas).
OP could mean local driven wells as opposed to city-wide watering systems.
* Even non public clinics and healthcare is not as crazy expensive as in US (though that might be just linked to generally lower cost of life)
For us, 30% of our population are foreigners.
Finns for helping us in the war on liberation
Probably at the beginning of 20th century when we fought for our independence(estonia) from Russia
All unheard of
It was nicer when your country didn't support white army and sent estonian red riflemen terrorists to Russia.
Narva and Valga
I see they're taking notes from the Italians
I've heard that in most countries people don't wear a [reflector] on their outdoor clothes for half a year like [that] No idea if it's true, though
Redditors from countries that are against same-sex marriage, are most likely not against it themselves.
oh damn, you guys got one more than us
Also hiking takes too much time away, the gym is
It's something Estonians and Latvians broadly reject
I live at 59 and for me there is nothing really
b) white bread - ham- cheese - tomato
reflectors and the enjoyment of the dark really help
Using deciliters does sound a bit weird
* En
In my school, at the beginning of this year we all got to choose a new subject
Most people end their workday at 17 here.
The more advanced ones like Slovenia, the Czech Republic and Estonia indeed, plus Lithuania in some rankings.
Nohu
Their range of goods consited mainly of cheap off-brand products close to their date of expiry, often with packaging or other flaws
They find their way back to their normal environment as soon as possible.
Penises, vaginas and asses mostly.
Free healthcare
wrinkles / fin
The suited one is pretty mane compared to the others.
Especially bad if the video sucks and doesn't talk about what's promised, then I have wasted minutes of my time, that could be spent somewhere else (reading some other stuff on reddit usually)
For a sec I though we were using Cyrillic here
Economic stagnation is also not an alien concept here.
They are \~30 when they graduate, so they are in a hurry to buy a house and start a family, I think females also still make up a majority of graduates
It sounds a lot stronger when spoken in a Romance language
Ära ole selles nii kindel, pasakott.
This is pretty amazing too, but honestly most of Metsatöll's songs are great
Now this is what i can agree with
But what if the parties work better internally if they are separated?
Estonian wiki - very good for anything about Estonia (history, politics, language, laws), not so good for anything else
They also could have been homogay nazis :S
Those politicians and governments are literally part of EU system after all
I'm not saying they are immediately going to invade, but I am saying that the threat of such an event is very real.
Without the internet, newspapers would have till the next morning to make adjustments so doing proper research into their stories served as an incentive as people value quality
I live at 59 and for me there is nothing really
It's easy to judge if you don't care, want or can't see history from our POV
The card looks like [this]
In estonian
Western Estonian medieval towns are all beautiful
France, please don't elect LePen.
[*Sült*] our version of [head cheese] is one of the best dishes in our cuisine, but many foreigners for some reason can't even force themselves to taste it, apparently meat in jelly sounds/looks unappetizing.
Not much bad, actually, just the same as most others did
Ants
wait
the flag, and then Brussels for the political importance
In Estonia the biggest one is the Centre Party
Estonia was declared independent in 1918, but "happily" joined the USSR in 1940
Half of a store, its a tiny version and a place to pick up stuff from there Web-store
For comparison Estonian only has one native sibilant sound and that is S.
The word resembles Pizdjets to me in style somehow
>Maltese language
It may be native in the sense that you may feel connected to the language, but if you are not native speakers, then it's still a foreign language as you are not able to perfectly speak it.
Civilian maps were made inaccurate in the ussr
How much do you feel like an American
He agreed that this conversation blew up in his face quite fast - we still sometimes tease him about it
I don't think Baltics will ever make Russian a co-official language
I called your "idea" stupid, not you
Will they chat or not
1 prime minister per log
Depends what you study
It is a must on almost every soup indeed, exceptions are milk/cream cheese based soups
Here you can cycle on both sidewalks and roads, whatever fits you better
Happy independence day, Ukraine
The warmth
Other teams would KILL for THIS secret Singaporean upgrade
Support for far right is up across the EU.
Julius Kuperjanov
Lol, no it hasn't.
Polls suggest that most MEA Muslims have homophobic views, which are nowhere near as bad as the ones we have in Europe as well in the East.
I assume it means being straight/honest about your principles.
- GDP (nominal) per capita: Slovenia is ahead of Portugal and Greece
For me, *härm* would be a very thin layer of hardened snow and a hardened chumps of snow would be *lumetükid*.
Meat is always under cheese
That's why you don't understand how the world works
Those people were the ones who were active in military, who were public activists, politicians, businessmen and so on
"Communist" as in people interested in politics, who had no real communist ideology.
But here in southern Estonia knowing Finnish isn't common at all in my experience
I was thinking to go on Sahara desert tour this year, but I think I just travel Poland and save some money and have same experience
Is it really that you lack some ability or services to handle this weather
*Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein the supreme power of state is vested in the people
*Tallinn
I believe about a hundred have been for entire weekends or more - the rest are mostly drive-through.
They are only used in loanwords.
This was exposted to /r/bestof which has a lot of subscribers and they flooded this thread
Later Belgium, then the Netherlands back to Belgium and eventually the first time I had to show my ID card was when boarding a ferry in Calais
And then the "realist" might cut social programs and taxes for the rich.
We might rather claim that we have strong Scandinavian influences in our culture.
Best decision ever
But they are in English
But when I have stumbled upon one, they always have these novelty candies that you can’t find in regular supermarkets
The Estonian layout:
not true at all
Germany would face opposition from the European Commission if it tries to go solo (something that somewhat already happened with Nord Stream 2)
That's not how international law works...
People tend to like familiar things more than foreign things.
Luckily the EU is a defense organization!
Do you mean similarities in vocabulary?
They are comfortable to use for home, but not for any other place I presume.
Cons: Extremely racist, sexist etc boomers around every corner
The flag came from the [Estonian Students' Society] The original flag [still survives] and is held in the Estonian National Museum.
I live in a smallish town in Estonia and mostly I just wonder how/why are they here.
They literally need special training to deal with necessary equipment (in my country there is a whole Academy dedicated to give such education and train people for professional service)
In fact cars burn every day in France, everbody knows about it
Everywhere outside of Tallinn
I believe it's [worse in South Korea]
Of course, but as time passes, the choice of countries becomes more and more arbitrary.
We have one of the most forested countries and
I might be in the extreme but this year waiting for the summer has become almost a religious thing for me
Im appalled that this needs to be said in r/europe
Most Estonians are still more related to Russians than even to Helsinki Finns.
There was also [Estonian Swedish] though sadly that's pretty much extinct nowadays
It has plenty to do with it
The term "atheism" still has negative stigmas for many older people because of what the word meant during the Soviet occupation.
Krõõt. I really hate it’s sound
she often brought packed and totally edible food back home for free
Winter time is awful
Russian forces raided and pillaged Estonia to such degree in the Great Northern War (1700-1710 in Estonia) that the local Russian Army commander reported back that "not even a dog barks nor a cock crows from Lake Peipus to the Gulf of Riga".
There were tons of movies made about WW2 in Ussr, some of them very high quality
As soon as the freedom fighters didn't just bomb Russians, but turned against the US they suddenly became "terrorists".
Secondly almost nowhere the tax is 10%. In Eastern Europe income tax is between 15 and 20%. And good luck trying to live on 5k in any east european country
Minister of Regional Affairs [Mihhail Korb] and Minister of Agriculture [Martin Repinski] Both also happen to be ethnic Russians, at least partly.
But i even hate if someones uses Windows in Estonia, some translations make no sense (Same with phones)
Like every year they lambast us for "NATO drills", well technically true
Firstly in Nordic countries tax is progressive, so 60% tax only applies to a portion of your salary above certain threshold
I dunno what that is
Dialect is the regional native form of a language, "just as good" as any other.
And biology books are anti-Creationism propaganda?
Fun Fact: Estonia had a lot of vikings
"Eestlane olen ja eestlaseks jään"
Congrats my southern neighbours,we had a shared struggle for independence and will be brothers forever
Tallinn would've had the same fate
>There is a lot of details lacking from google maps
It isn't posturing in the slightest.
I mean, it's much better than losing half of that saved money value to inflation if this money would be just staying on bank account
Cremation is very common in Estonia, but often the urns are buried in a cemetery.
Therefore they are working *hard* to discredit the press at any opportunity and instead attempt to create their own reality bubble.
I agree, the term Eastern Europe is not very helpful any more, as it lumps together countries that have now very little in common.
Capitalism at its fines
That is absolutely true and the only people I met there who were nice were ironically immigrants who couldn't speak English either but at least they did their best to communicate
Yeah well you should come to Estonia soon then.
But the point is it was *de facto* independent and historians rarely refer to the Teutonic Order when talking about this era in Estonia and Latvia.
First of all, Estonian is not a Baltic language, but Finnic, but there was trade in the old times as well, even during the counter-raiding.
Which could be seen as quite hostile to any immigrants who haven't learned the language
Why the fuck would you eat nutella with butter
We have Iceland Square(our foreign ministry is there on purpose)We had an event called Day of Iceland back in 2011 in honour of 20th anniversary of Iceland recognizing our independence
I have heard that the way they teach irish in schools is also wrong, that they teach with the wrong pronunciation
Lots of people will see it for what it is - a clear defiance of the popular will.
It tastes fine if you're drunk, but it's really just cold cabbage salad with mayo in the middle of a burger with buns as soft as the belly you get after eating it
Neither is true and usually educated people know it
At the same time, I dont think they're all that pro-putinist.
We were independent from 1918-1940 as well and people use 1918 to count the age of our country
You're very, really naive if you think Russia is a **politically** weak country and has abandoned the covert operational practices of the Soviet Union & its secret services.
I had a pleasure to visit Avalance studio office and it was pretty cool to see EA office literally across the street, as well as Paradox office couple floors above
I have a strong suspicion this approach will attract voters to more radical politicians, especially if there is a strong desire for big change, then promise sof little change won't do, since there is no guarantee they will keep them either.
I visit those and then I make sure that I sleep and eat and have some fun outside of those
And I don't think that I have ever even seen any of their products in real life
Religion is so unimportant in Estonians lives that it is seriously such an unimportant matter, and organized religion is sometimes looked as a big greedy business which some seriously hate
Geothermal is tricky since it is non-renewable in that using it pushes the thermal gradient away, so you have to keep drilling new wells
rääkima/rääkia: est
You do understand that this must be per capita!
But making such a monumental reform that brings massive political, economical and social changes based on a referendum won by a 4% margin just doesn't fit in here
You can disable it by changing your YouTube language to English
We can create words that just go on forever
what do you mean savage land, organic waste brown and paper green is the only correct way
- Mark Cooper-Jones
The West-Slavic languages have not attracted me that much, I think they simply have too few vowels for my personal taste, as pointed out by this webcomic:
Yeah, it failed for the most part, for the reason that the rural people want an Islamist revolution (ISIS), or to preserve the status quo(Al-Sisi in Egypt), bu not a progressive one.
It was a bit awkward explaining to him that is where essentially where I am from
(3) It is prohibited to carry weapons and ammunition: 1) under the influence of alcohol, narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances or psychotoxic substances; 2) at a meeting, demonstration, picketing, celebration and other public events, except for a person performing official or work duties at the specified public events
* Maja (E: house/F: hut)
[by far]#/media/File:Religious_differences_in_Estonia.png)
Yeah I understand, doesn't make it any less bullshit
We're in nato, eu, eurozone and schengen, we finally stopped decline in population, we have historically highest wages ever and it's growing (and outgrowing inflation) each year
would also add "Isamaa ilu hoieldes", though it's a bit more modern
Yeah
Not sure tho, it isn't that popular here, most just send their kids to grandpa and grandmas house for the summer, or summer camp
Nailed it with estonian existential depression
ee, leader of finnish government is sdp
I don't (transport is free in Tallinn)
Tacky
As a C1 German speaker, I know enough about that ;)
Idea works everywhere, from workers striking against companies to EU negotiating a better gas deal with Russia as a single entity.
I mean, what else is there to do when the snow melts?
1 news in Estonia right now
Kurat
I've never heard of anyone do that
Israel should just occupy the whole West Bank and Gaza and be done with it.
[Mostly] local Russians do, that's the weird part.
Some answered probably thinking just the situation of there not being many would make it an uncomfortable relationship
Have you flown or have you traveled by land up there?
The only puzzling thing is the red area to the right (with the red backing and plastic/aluminum chairs - all the other chairs are quite fancy wooden ones)
Even I've heard of him, saw stuff about him on some Netflix show
By wearing the hijab they are also legitimizing their oppressive regime.
Also building materials is very popular
Yeah definitely old leggings, tops and sweaters are awesome for home but I wouldn’t wear them outside
I think only microstates should exist all over the world
I need to go there the next time I take a ferry!
Vic: prussia
Dictatorship is one big party when you're still young
I imagine it's a little different for Russians.
Back when we hoped to have a common nuclear plant with Latvia and Lithuania.
But some of its characters and motifs are somewhat identical to that of Kalevala, for example if Finns have Väinamöinen, then Estonians have Vanemuine.
estonian for example
There are always exceptions
You're from Harjumaa aren't you
No, the weird tension is because Finns in Finland are much more normal than Finnish booze cruisers in Tallinn.
Still can't make peace with the fact that they replaced our beautiful [blue passport] with the red one, considering what the [Soviet passport] looked like..
This is the result of a long time persection of Kurds in Turkey.
she has her own songs, but she also wrote "Skyscraper" for demi lovato
We live in fear of Russia, yet right now, we feel safer than with Obama
We go to Latvia to buy cheap alcohol, it's a circle of life
> I now write a kind of hybrid: block letters that I usually join within words
Estonian is a relative language of Finnish, but it has a very [unique characteristic]#Phonemic_vowel_length), whereby its vowels can have not two, but three different lengths - the short, the long and the overlong - which all change the meaning of the word:
Nazi Germany, Soviet Union and other participants used horse mounted troops in WW2
Yeah true but when my family travels they like to rent a car
But if your parents were to own another property or apartment, they could charge you a small fee, like 1/3 of the rent price
Hmm, long list
Same applied to Latvia and Lithuania but that was over 10 years ago, maybe it has improved significantly over this time
Since we only used to visit Estonia during summer time I was profoundly convinced, that the Estonian climate is the same as the one on the Canary islands
while there you can expect to take a 20-40km trip to go to a store/school or use an ATM
I tought Syn Cole was more popular than Mord Fustang.
Current Russian president has more power than Russian czars had.
I don't know about any other people in my country but I do eat them
No private company or shop will ask for your ID, unless you ask for services or goods that require you to be an adult
Hussein doesn't, but Saddam, if you take out one "d" means PORT.
This is a vehicle used for fairs/display only
Ah, I was a part of that chain.
Külmkapp - cold closet (fridge)
ty, gonna have a nice night reading these
Yeah, my parents live 5-6 hours drive from me and have visited my place 3 or 4 times in the 10 years that I have lived here
As I interact a lot with Estonian expats due to my social life, I've gotten to interact with a lot of Estonian Canadians and Estonian Americans.
Aight boutta move a country over, might check up on an old discord friend too
Estonian is actually a combination of two groups of Finnic dialects:
Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald
Happy national day cousins
I would have been slave
The [Ural-Altaic language family]–Altaic_languages) is mostly thought to be a bogus theory.
And now I'm wondering why cough cough hehe
What's the qualitative reason for labeling Estonia as Eastern Europe and labeling Bulgaria as not Eastern Europe?
Make Rzeczpospolita great again!
They feel like their own miniature styled cities.
What's the regular Turkish person take on Erdogan and the shit that goes down with that vote?
In Estonia we do learn to cook
Pretty safe to say that the Latvian idea was by no means affected by the Austrian idea
Not everything we get from government is of good quality though
You thank the bus driver in Estonia only on intercity buses, but that's mainly because you often leave from the front door or the driver will have to give you your luggage
Also Gorbachev isn't Ukrainian, though he has Ukrainian roots(but that can be said about any Russian born in south Russian region)
Tallinn (etymology: "Danish Town") as a natural harbour was inhabited about 5,000 years ago by seal-hunters.
Le Pen is currently #2 according to polls.
What it is now is perfectly fine, except for the porous external border.
Somehow no other candidates registered.
Some things in grammar that seem "easy" made it actually hard, for example - " sentence structure is straightforward "  , in Russian you can structure sentences in almost any order you want, so it was hard to learn rigid structures of English sentences (and I suck at it to this today)
Supposedly the village they shot the missile from was one of eight in the area with the same name and at one of these at the same time shooting out the missile would have downed an Aeroflot plane.
Here they mostly give a stand for all major players regardless of their ideology.
How do you know if the homicide rates in the poorer countries are correct?
I remember one time when someone was shot, they were running st the policeman with a knife or something similar
They elect their own president
Will wear them outside in the summer and so will many other people.
Well the Askhenazi Jews speak Yiddish, which is closely related to German.
Seems suspicious
Post links to prove it
I know one Estonian combat engineer, who fought in the [Helmand province campaign] in Afghanistan.
I call foul play
I have friends in Russia and it is very much possible to be friends as the situation is now.
You think people in the north automatically have a stronger character?
If you have to ask, then your brain is not functioning well.
I disagree, this is not how the real world works, think about a situation, where you know you are right, that "MAKE THE CALPIHATE GREAT AGAIN." propaganda, for example, is disastrous, but no words works and people keep joining.
TIL this is officially called *Ampersand* in Estonian.
Definitely I have not combed through all of the posts here, but I usually have a look what my fellow Estonians say, and no, I have not seen any call to war against Russia.
Cold:-20- -3
You would have about kids swinging and 1 or 2 kid(s) would have to run through
Sure it can be replaced by the EU, but it takes new coordination and the neutral states would have to agree with that.
im fucking dying here
And when after sincere promises I get trustful enough, I finally ask: "why don't some people like pineapple on their pizza?"
Boys are in general far more creative and curious
Yep, although I'd say it's more like a symbol for Tallinn than for Estonia in general
In what I assume you think is Eastern Europe, how many common aspects to the entire region do you think these countries have?
Soros and his son are quite open about wanting a borderless and multicultural global world.
Russian names are relatively popular due to Estonian names varying a lot and Russian names varying very little.
50, whereas most modern apartments are 2
Estönian islanders wöuld pröbably agree.
It has plenty to do with it
One day of boring drive-through.
I'm still mad at the EU for forcing our passport to be red.
Predominately by those, who don't also adhere to another ethnic group or general culture.
They are already occupied by foreign forces
LaLiEs
Yeah, I have the swedish letter Å on my keyboard too but I changed it and when pressed it writes Ü. Also, how do you get the flag and country name next to your username on this subreddit
You are so full of Russian propaganda bullshit that you wouldn't notice anything anyway.
Well you can just relax in Kuressaare since we have only 13,009 permanent inhabitants, while there are
It's weird enough how often the Estonian word for Estonia, *Eesti*, pops up in Reddit comments.
communists actively suppressed religion during the totality and persecuted believers.
By the way - some dialects having more or fewer cases is pretty common.
And what is with Poland what is Poland ?
000 stateless people (6% of the population), most of which are Russians
And you are denying it because your feefees, no?
Statistics have shown that there are currently millions of people alive, who have never breathed in the months January to March.
veoauto ("carriage car") and use trakk ("truck") instead.
This may be the sentiment, but they are still not foreign countries to one another.
I had a related experience when on a trip with my friends
Their own content is usually just fact-centered news stories.
It's mostly down to location
I managed to yet again show my amazing number memory (read: completely fuck it up) - earliest sunset on Dec 19-20 at 15:21 (though it's dark before that because Christmas never has clear weather), but our latest is at June 21-26 at 22:43, which is a big gap compared to yours.
Ha, and some Estonians like to believe they're part of northern countries.
No fires here, system works
You just repeat the verb instead of "yes" and "no".
They used some churches as gyms or stables or storehouses
!remindMe 4 years "Is Elizabeth still sitting on the throne"
"Hubris" is the word of the year across the world so far, it seems.
Sad, I remember a [similar mass methanol poisoning] in Estonia in 2001, when 68 people died.
And my parents only gave me a phone, TV, and a laptop.
See= this
Having not to pay 25% tax on something is a subsidy, you don't get money back, but
This sounds like something straight out of /r/TumblrInAction
Slower, so that Moscow would have had time to finish off these pesky Estonians?
In reality Russia kept provoking and provoking until they got the war they wanted.
Never been to Paris, never cared much for the Notre Dame (not meant in a bad way, just little to no dealings with it)
Obviously compared to Siberia it's not much, but compared to central Europe where you can't go more than a few kms without noticing human footpring, it's quite a lot
And Moldova I simply forgot for a minute, but as I find Romania somewhat cool, then Moldova can pull that shine on itself, too
Oh, in Estonia we don't have neither of those except our former president
And furthermore, they have to learn Russian now, whether they want or not.
It's a combination of your confirmation bias and the fact that you have better access to news today than you did 15 years ago
Homework is almost always mandatory and it usually takes at least an hour a day if you want to finish it all.
The truth is everybody is envious of Russia
Like a mix between of world history and culture
For parties perhaps, but we have yet to see how their decisions will affect their electorates during the next elections.
I think no city will ever beat [Norilsk] Russia
The fact that you live slightly better than some other post-Soviet countries (but definitely worse than Russians) is only because your parasitic economy is being fed by the West, but not for long
The biggest enemy for the Russian people has always been their government
It is true that Latvian defense forces are not in very good shape, but neither are Portuguese.
Estonian also has the Instructive case (viisiütlev) like in Finnish
More vowels = the language sounding more drunk and a shitload of finnish words for things are basically estonian words with a vowel stuck to the end like lampu, üksi, kaksi, kolme, neljä, viisi, kuusi, hotelli, passi, bussi to name a few
I've always understood that Latvian and Lithuanian are a bit more similar to each other than Finnish and Estonian.
> scone rhymes with gone
But in slang people use "Limps" too
I was only referring to how stupid his grouping is :)
Still don't see the name Clinton there among its supporters.
In general there's a lot more similarities between us than there are between Estonians and Hungarians that's for damn sure
I'm sorry, I don't like unintelligent people and you are clearly one of them, at least in this issue.
Absolutely impossible
They have their problems, but the others just aren't a feasible alternative right now.
I love the smell of freedom in the morning.
I mean, I personally wouldn't want to go to Lasnamäe at 4am alone as a fairly small female, but that's not a migrant problem (unless you want to really count our lingering Russian-speaking population as migrants).
What's the logo on his mask
luckily at least one of the doors has always opened
It is argued that europe’s problem is too much socialism, the economy is not sustainable like this
And then there is the cultural drift, as countries become more and [more individualistic] including that family is less of a priority over work than it used to be and people are in a way more alone than ever
That's close to the definition of unintelligent.
It's an illegally occupied territory and shouldn't be shown as part of Russia.
I couldn't exactly gather that much money quickly if I had to pay for rent, but if all goes well I could make my first mortgage payment after a year.
What about Hungary
Some are indeed quite right-wing and rather arrogant people.
Yandex has an alternative for pretty much every online service you could think of
its pretty well done lmao
She also is a part time singer at a bar
(No snow on these pictures though
Also when my Dad went to the USA he was chatting with South African people and they said they have Estonian names there
I think it's because of the language
Estonians are still the most closely genetically related to them, but more distantly than say Latvians are to Estonians
Well, "sital käima" in direct translation means "to walk on shit"
It's basically a cancerous tumor of Estonia
Compare with Aino that was really popular back then but really not in use anymore
Estonians outside Estonia mostly speak Estonian as a second language, or as a home-reserved language.
Doesn't stop you from enjoying the amenities, though
I'd say we are an adopted child of the baltic family
That description particularly of a single soldier on the Eastern Front is so visceral
Spanish too is a Romance language
maybe things have changed
But anyone with a heart and mind will have, at the very least, a thought of empathy invoked for the French and the Parisians
You generally just greet with a normal "hi" or "ciao".
Why does this rhyme
Plus [Kuressaare] is charming with its old town and bishopric castle.
Constitutions are different, preambles are different.
There is something that is worth looking at
We don't mind accents, unless its difficult to understand,  then its about not understanding what you say
Cheers, that word never sticks with me for some reason
The islanders must be the funniest.
Even I've heard of him, saw stuff about him on some Netflix show
* And last one fell because corruption investigation (they gave a loan to businessman far below market rates)
If the banana is fresh/stiff enough, it will not break from the stem and it would crush the banana from the middle.
As a Swede, you could edit it to include Estonian ;)
Denmark: we were so connected in history, how come we drifted apart
It's weird because the Roma here are very small in numbers and are therefore rather well integrated.
But no, cannabis is "the root of evil" and road to all kinds of different drugs in their eyes
There may be some golden nomenclatura children who feel nostalgia
"The Hungarian government led by Viktor Orbán put refugees on buses heading for Austria and Germany — and tricked the chancellor into taking an idealistic stand on migration."
I just think it's really interesting that this narrative is very well-known in Estonia and pretty much in history textbooks, while I have yet to meet a German who knows it
I think I can count the books I've read since starting university in 2014 on one hand, certainly on two
That's why I never avoid tourist traps
Holy shit I had 2 college dormmates (one from France, other one from Barbados) who thought the exact same thing
" that translates to something among the lines of "wish you strength/energy for the work you're doing
There's no actual infrastructure though, you just drive straight through
Estonia's dependence on oil shale is a Soviet legacy
You wrote it slightly wrong, forgot 'lennu'. So it would actually be "Kuulilennuteetunneliluuk" (Kuuli+lennu+tee+tunneli+luuk)
We're going to miss you, UK
The problem with nationalism is that it's a feeling and mostly grounded in emotions.
The money that funds them requires them to act in support of this criminal enterprise.
If you're a German taxpayer who doesn't think it's a good investment for HIM or HER - sure.
We only have handcraft classes where boys do wooden stuff and girls cook and knit
But who's gonna have your back when it's all done (Yeah)
Countering this complex machine would take many steps like researching and exposing Russian fake organizations and their propagandists and I don't know what else.
Used to learn Swedish on Duolingo
Very often at 18 and almost always between 18 and 25
Estonia/Latvia not granting citizenship to people who were imported here en masse by an occupying force is a ridiculous non-issue in light of that.
All trains lead to Rome
This is already an illegal foreign occupation and deems any sort of statement like that, let alone referendum, illegitimate!
Åland Islands are awesome
Saying that it had control over third of Estonia, is probably an exaggeration, though.
These differences are more on the surface, things that directly affected us during the socialist times, but these are also things that will disappear rather easily.
10€ -  A pack of pork ribs
I really don't get Russian grammar Like you have set rules to your language, but there's a load of words that don't follow the rules, Also why so many genders
Where do they know that they are "far-right"?
However if we are talking about nationalism as a political ideology, then it is by itself already a rather radical one.
How are you responsible "for this whole situation" again?
Houses - literally 350sq m mansion with 6 bedrooms, sauna and garage
We (Estonia) are one of the most irreligious countries on Earth
true
I don't think we want to be in any kind of union with you guys
Estonian language news are more up to date.
>from 300 to 6
Get out of here with your realistic thoughts!
Second: idk how common or uncommon it is in other countries but here especially in rural areas we like to make our own juice, kompot and other stuff
The only difference is that we don't have breaks longer than 20 minutes and as in the 11th grade we have 7-8 lessons we usually end around 15-16
Don't know any Swedish to understand the thread, but don't worry, we're on your side no matter what
Just some fun examples
He didn't say that, but there is some connection between a certain part of the muslim community and terrorism.
Tartu though is a big small town in the way it feels to live in for sure
I guess "Kivenheiton päässä" could be counted, it literally means "within a stone throw's distance".
Well up until 1917 the war didn't much affect Estonia and even then, only the islands were occupied.
well, it's Shrove Tuesday so I think I'm obligated to say [vastlakuklid]
No we don't. What an idiotic thing to claim
(though one of the friendliest of these organizations I once interacted with was also a very moderate Burschenschaft, but I think it was rather an exception as they themselves confirmed it too)
Russification is still strong in Russia.
I've also thought of moving to Ireland
As a small country there is a lot of pressure on preserving the language, now there is even a language inspection which seems a bit draconian if Im honest
I felt like that when I was younger
Honestly, whatever, as long as we don't end up more than 1 hour ahead of Central Europe and in a different time zone from Finland and Latvia/Lithuania
!remindMe 4 years "Is Elizabeth still sitting on the throne"
I'm just wondering: if these protests are planned to be legal, then why didn't the ambulance driver avoid that street since the location and time of the protest is declared ahead of time
Northern Europe or Northeastern Europe to be very precise.
Last I checked, the only head of state galavanting around shirtless on horseback was yours.
Estonian:
Real income means purchasing power adjusted income.
You get used to it and I also like the cozy atmosphere in the december nights, where everything is dark, but you can see the lights shining from every house
The EU is protectionist, the UK is trying to get away from that but will probably find itself on the sharp end of EU protectionism.
unpleasant woman
No similar cultural aspects to Nordic countries?
Can someone explain to me once and for all, with legal sources, are these overseas territories, collectivities et al part of France?
I am Estonian Russian and once a Swiss person, after learning that I am from Estonia, started telling me how much he loved Tallinn and how it's different from Eastern Europe/Russia and how unpleasant Russian areas of Tallinn are (probably Lasnamägi)
Instead of thinking "duh, those voters are stupid", maybe ask them why they vote like that
I heard it from either Ringvaade or Pealtnägija where they were talking about that same Salme ship and the fact that the government isn't giving any money for further digging and preservation.
Soviet law was in effect in those Soviet republics, first and foremost.
The Estonian in the sketch also is very similar to the common look in Estonia at the time
Channel one usually loves shoving their mic into everyone
Insane
conservatives ruining everything once again
Apparently I am Central European
You're a Finn
It tastes fine if you're drunk, but it's really just cold cabbage salad with mayo in the middle of a burger with buns as soft as the belly you get after eating it
Ma toon sulle sihukese raevu kaela ja teen sulle otsa peale.
Lithuania
You can't just choose to vote for a person based on 1 thing.
" In every port around the world, you will find at least to estonians " ( it went on about gathering news or something but anyway
Some of the bottle machines might have some places to put non-refundable cans/bottles, but people are not really motivated to do it
There are only a few exceptions to it and most people would know them by heart
Doesn't really take more time than opening a carton
Nevertheless, the largest of Estonia's Soviet-era oil shale plants are to be closed in the next years, due to EU CO^(2) quotas, and while this is positive for the gas emissions, it will eliminate a massive share of Estonia's electricity production, turning Estonia from an electricity exporter to importer, making hundreds of people unemployed etc
Would you be against conscription if your country was attacked?
Well, you cannot ban your own citizens from entering their home country.
I would imagine cutting open the milk bag would be a bit messy?
And what is with Poland what is Poland ?
Good videos
Which is a stupid thing to say.
We will not qualify like always
- Red on the outside and white inside.
What I do not like, though, are all those very specific English accents, such as Scottish, New Zealand English, Southern U.S. English, etc
Very professional
And I don't understand why you need to bring in those fringe side-ideologies here if we are talking about communism in general
We are both very atheist and unreligious, both have high beer consumption, pretty much the same HDI, GDP per capita and democracy index
Maybe the Baltics would still be a part of it.
/I don't see the USSR giving away the Baltic states/.
What Sweden is going through right now is called silent submission.
I may not understand a single word but I know it's East European for the most part.
Founded 102 years ago today, restored independence on the 20th of August 1991
Thankfully we don't. We're the most atheist country in the world
As an estonian I approve of this message
The word does exist in other languages: in german it is Schnupfen and in russian насморк.
Although I'm sure English has a lot more words in its vocabulary, I think your example words exist in most European languages, even if with a slightly different meaning.
It's like this almost everywhere, but it really depends on your parameters for what constitutes a region and how many wealth categories you show on the map.
Other than Soviet Finland having Saaremaa and Hiiumaa island, I'm totally ok with Estonia under Finnish flag
Still I do remember some bits about being bombed by German planes though
As an Estonian I read it as
The difference comes from people actually putting it in practice or attempting to and people just cosplaying
It's pretty logical that the offset from the mean is larger above-mean than below-mean, hence why the average is way above the mean
There is a mutual defence clause though for EU
have to also mention the Finns who come shopping (often alcohol shopping) and recently I've seen a number of middle easterners in the malls.
They can
Казнить нельзя, помиловать! - must not execute, have mercy
And you are really exaggerating with the word "parade" here
If you can switch hands often, it's not impossible to have a long conversation outside with no gloves on as you can warm your other hand in the pocket for a while
It can be a minority ethnic group within a bigger sovereign state (for example Estonians in the USSR), it can be the whole sovereign nation, being far bigger than the ethnic group (for example Russia of all ethnicities).
"spikker" in Estonian, always wondered the etymology :D
Estonia was very very good at wrestling too between the two wars, 5 gold, 1 silver and 4 bronze medals between 1924 and 1936
etc
Why is sour cream in the sweet pot
2 or 3 designs too old lol
That's basically what many of our people do outside Tallinn.
Your folks really have been ruining our country for centuries.
Macedonian Alexander the Great Agency aka MAGA
Sort of like with female and male drivers.
Totally agree on this one, although obvious bias
This isn't really a word, moreso that it's a quirk of stitching words together
It's safe to drink and there's nothing wrong with it, but some people buy water from the store because they say that it tastes better but there honestly isn't a difference
That's logical, because growing tomatoes here in the north is more difficult, and not everyone could have grown them like
Pretty much the same populist promise.
Visual Studio 2020
Yes
But most are not
I always view it as positive when they are aware of their ancestry.
I suspect you spent your money there
I think we should rather have courses on sarcasm.
Well, the Baltic Chain was part of the revolution era, but not really part of the "Singing" revolution and I'd say it wasn't the most pivotal moment during that era
Please, don't speak about things you don't know anything about.
There are "[American steakhouses]" and diners which quite obviously have been influenced by the American diner culture.
They aren't even really known in other countries near us.
Weirdest experience I had in a long time
South Park is an American show, not a Czech one.
– people care about which languages are connected, but connections only show which pairs of languages were measured, not which are supposed to be most similar
There are two distinct regions in Estonia, where women still often wear traditional dresses for semi-casual events (some even when going to the store).
In Finnish it means "to rape".
u/marussia123, Ruhnu doesn't really have a distinct culture (while Kihnu does)
the estonian one is decent, definitely not as detailed or reliable as the english one in most things, but similarly to other languages, thr local topics are covered better
Wow, our country gets posted here, lol
I've had both very good and very bad experiences with German student organization members.
But I'll always remember the moment when I was on the grass, unable to drive my scooter just to turn around and see the man 10 metres away from me
Yea we touched on him briefly, didn't know or remember he did all of that, just remember that he had to do something to piss off the people so much for 5 soldiers to empty clips into him
North Estonian and Finnish diverged later
I didnt get many robo-calls but I did get UK based call centres ringing and asking for the homeowner
That quarter of Slovaks would not welcome a dictatorship they don't agree with.
Putin as a Finnish is even more of a meme or conspiracy, but in actuality his ancestors come from Tver region, which is close to Moscow and quite far away from Finland
[Pass-pass]
who's this "we
their insult is that Denmark  has Skåne
English is more similar to Russian than Estonian is, that's the point.
The main part is that Baltic states asked Soviet Union to join
Built up a democratic state
Peterburg".
Not if your room has no ventilation
I think you're confusing Pskov with Pechory
>the participation of local quislings and SS people in various exterminations
The languages are related distantly enough, to not understand more than single words, but have a look at that for example:
I'm sure there are plenty of European countries, who dropped or climbed *a place* or more on that index.
Thinking of gratitude towards our good neighbors during this holiday season...
Unless someone is really pushing it..
I personally speak standard Estonian, but my family in Lääne-Virumaa have a few dialectal differences like using the words "too" (that) and "nood" (those) instead of using "see" (this) and "need" (these) for everything like i do.
No, it's the official UN name, not the official name, which is the Republic of Macedonia.
Its funny
leaving ur baby to sleep outside in the stroller
If they are two different companies, isn't it illegal to divide the market like this?
How do Europeans view Belarus?
I like Italian food over anything that is made in Northern Europe
Yes, this is why Russia is not a participant at Eurostat!
Can't they think about someone other than themselves?
I have really noticed it being very popular among russians
You could maybe get an idea of what it is if you went to the original rosstat reports.
Nuking a country in modern ages is not something countries do lightly
With no legal or other consequences?
I doubt it, probably the case everywhere, we have major corruption scandals too, dogshit government, the full English breakfast
I'm not sure but our scouts are present at military parades, so I'm guessing its more like the U.S but not as militaristic
> and an ability to turn the simple potato into a hundred different dishes
The war against ISIS could be legal if you consider that the Syrian government doesn't have the capacity to take care of this problem right now and the intervention could be justified for humanitarian reasons.
Edit: was a bit late, but here's the answer anyway:
At this point in history Narva is just a town which happens to be in the same country
20th of August (Re-independence Day)
We do however celebrate "Egg Holidays" (*munadepühad*).
Every time a new baby is on the way/has been born that's pretty much the only thing they talk about
Wait up, we coming too
All this is for last 17 governments
But in the end yes, revolutions don't always end up doing anything or even if they do the end isn't always the best result at least in the near-future
We really need to take Latvia before they get their spending up any more.
This only applies to busses though
100€ - A week's worth of food
There is no such thing
"I drew a wizard"
It's about 19th century rural Estonian life, an absolute must for Estonians.
Personally, I'd rather see the Estonian population rise, rather than some sort of Estonification.
And it does not count - as you made it sound - as having some sort of special right to carry a gun on the street for self defence - we don't have a law like that
Every source I read mentioned that this just nazi propaganda
I have heard that the way they teach irish in schools is also wrong, that they teach with the wrong pronunciation
Basically all major regions had their own name, plus a different name was used in different contexts.
In the US the first floor is at street level (i.e same as in Estonian)
We have “yellow media” for gossip news and tabloids about celebrities
Fuck
For us Teutons are the ones that were in Prussia and they were mostly only nominally part of the same organization.
Anyone who has ever been to one of our song festivals (especially as a singer) - [“Ta lendab mesipuu poole”]
It's not like those are completely separate things
Is there something some of your language's dialects do radically differently?
Think about it, almost 3 month summer vacations and no 9-17 work hours
Everything the West does is wrong according to him.
Only in your delusional mind are international sanctions an aggression.
Because smalltalk is seen as a rude thing in many European countries.
Congratulations my little 6 toed friends
Do you think people like that have any common logic, they been brainwashed by their own racist ideologies
Mostly agree, I'd say 5 to 15 is nice and okay
The least respected of all breads.
Well
He also endorsed a ban on the printing of Mari language opposition newspapers and terminated the employment of more than 80 ethnic Mari civil servants.
Well
That's due to a different legal system though.
Its closely related to Estonian
I think nobody even asked how she is related to me
Ducky Trump and cancels out all the sanctions and slowly reversing the effects of sanctions that have been slapped on them due to their crimes in
The Center Party has a cooperation agreement with Putins Edinaja Rossiya, which is one of the things that has kepylt them in political isolation for years.
Yeah, it gets trickier - the term *väliseestlane* can encompass both people, who speak Estonian and are considered Estonians as well, and also people who don't speak Estonian and wouldn't really be considered true Estonians.
We could have like some celebrations that are hosted by a different member every year
> Naked Hog Chasing
There's a chance for a genuine title fight this year but frankly I'm not optimistic, Mercedes' rate of development is so large I expect them to start steamrolling completely again in a few months if not already starting this week at Catalunya where I expect them to dominate
Laughs in Estonian
You've shifted the debate from whether they exist to the fact they should just accept the status quo of constant change.
78% of all power generation]
Wait, but Iceland is in Europe
1/2 of a grats is in order
There's room for at least two more people!
Learning Swedish as a foreign language is not particularly common among Estonians
Official **flag** rules in **Denmark** state that, unless special authorisation is given, it is **not** permitted to **fly** any other national **flags** than the **Danish** Dannebrog, a white Scandinavian cross on a red background
These are not equal people in my book.
They know a few Uralic languages and think every language is closely related for that reason.
It also snowed one morning a few days ago, but was already melted by evening
Not that I think it is true, but there is a conspiracy theory that they intended to shoot down an Aeroflot plane, that would have given Russia an excuse to roll into Ukraine with great forces.
Ofc they have
Ehm, there are places and beers where 8€ is a fair price, but most likely you payed that for a 20c to produce beer
But that is for the general party - some members and MPs even are not far away from actually fascist views.
President of Estonia inspecting the 1st Infantry Brigade, 14.12.2016
Everyone alive today wasn't killed by Stalin.
Yet anti-immigration parties are called far-right or extreme right?
Damn, this sucks
I like that we have four seasons, incredibly beautiful coastline, forests and lakes
Their own, because that happened in the territory that they now possess...
I have a few principal questions about this:
Every weekday I take rides in [these]
I usually use paper tape, but toilet paper, that's some new kind of lower class Northerner's habit :D
No way should it be used as sort of a mixed or integrated group name
And it would still be economically stupid as most people wanting to buy a monthly train ticket would *not* want to pay for the additional ferry ticket
It’s not from my country but we read it in school and it’s still one of my favourite books
I am a full stack developer with a bachelors degree in information science..
Glad you didn't become [Finnish]
A fair share of Estonians do that.
You remember nothing from 1938-1939??
Opt out services are better though since most dont know, or cant be bothered, especially the elderly, who I would guess, are more likely to pick up and give these people the time of day
What a lame excuse for a stupid comment
I honestly think there is close to zero correlation between how rural and urban people vote in Estonia, other than ethnic Russians living more [or basically only] in urban settlements and the Estonian Centre Party gets more [if not close to all] of those votes.
About 444k right now, plus it has a big metropolitan area of 543k, which means that 101k live outside the municipal borders.
I get some nazi-apologistic vibes from you.
Just doesn't really function anymore
Lol, some people are downvoting this...
would also add "Isamaa ilu hoieldes", though it's a bit more modern
A 2 gig movie in 3-4 mins
Have you wondered why there are mostly English speaking universities at the top?
The fewer the number the more likely they are to be loyal to Austria than Turkey.
Works the same way with different closing hours as well.
Latvia will always be the country that we consider as a friendly neighbour in the south
glögi in estonian too
Working in Eastern Europe: Russian
Warm: 18 to 24 (21 being perfect)
Average rent for flat ...I'd say 450
Daily "flooding of communist and Kremlin sympathizers into that thread".
- [*kohuke*] ("curd snack") - they have similar snacks in Latvia and Lithuania;
What if the majority of the nation decides?
That still means a shift to the right from Hollande.
Russia does not need to feel worried about the military presence in their neighbouring countries if it abondens its agressive and warmongering foreign policy.
Like i said, she broke the law.
Now I want to hear what those names are
Earlier - under Russian, Swedish, German, Danish, Polish rule
Sure, teatch us russian, but also do a better fucking job at teaching the russians inside Estonia how to speak estonian
> also socialism in Hungary ultimately led to improving workers and farmers lives, at least in a materialist sense
At the start of highschool you have to choose a 3rd language between russian, german, french.
Not me, my dorm room has no ventilation, last summer during the heatwave I spent days absolutely naked in the room dying because there was no air moving at all
The car taxes must indeed be ridiculous because I almost didn't see a single decent car when I visited Denmark.
Snowberry - actually not a real berry or anything but it’s the name of a delicious ice cream flavour and I always thought it was the most beautiful Estonian word
It's also fun to spray your friends every once in a while
I did that a lot with my friends who I'll call A and B. I stopped playing it when a 35 year old grown ass man started chasing us
[Candies] that were way too sour to enjoy them
No, I bought it this year
Yes, I wear one right now
Yet people don't often get how distant Hungarian and the Finnic languages are.
If we talk about more serious offenses like murders and killings: there were about 8 murders and killings per 100,000 residents in Ida-Virumaa compared to about 2
They're not saying they're clever, they just want a solution.
Accents change remarkably easily.
So pretty pictures and unfounded feelings should drive policy logic and data be damned
I am not sure if EU does require that, but from my knowledge all (or almost all) EU countries will provide you government benefits (such as pension and unemployment payment) as long as you work there officially and pay taxes
That's one of the reasons Turkey is invading right now
Huh, that means that due to State succession they are stateless and second-class citizen.
But reddit is again over-hyped about this small thing
It's not like most people using that monthly train pass would also travel to Finland with it
Latvia has 3 hydro powerplants on river Daugava.
Which was much like going in the dark except of course there was more traffic
Cold - 20
Yes, Pärnu or Haapsalu
I mean, WW2 knowledge about Germany is pretty universal for everyone in Europe, not just for our own national historiography
Biggest one is the peace treaty we signed here,
Definitely this colorful monstrosity
Swedish Ryssland was later picked up by Finns and became the derogatory word against Russians "Ryssä".
How do you explain that haha
Estonians and Russians in Estonia live more or less in two different societies.
In Estonia it's common to say in choir "kivi, paber, käärid, 1, 2, 3" (rock, paper, scissors, 1, 2, 3) before making your pick
What is it then, a Jewish anti-Gypsy plot?
Based
*Tipskiteks, mitte tibladeks - see sõnavorm kujunes hiljem.
Despite my mom being Estonian she likes to call me Кабан(pronounced Kaban) a Russian word for a boar because I eat a lot and very fast
You don't particularly need to be pro-NATO or pro-EU, but if you show some sings of being pro-Russia, most social groups would not tolerate that.
I would wager they don't.
We will never know if the result would have been any better had the decisions been different at that point.
Moving all the government structures in there would be a fun experiment
Another country's citizen coming here and voting on stuff on the other hand absolutely would affect me
Of course Russians wish the world community and democratic blocks like the EU let the dictators have free reign everywhere, but it is not really up to you
Immigration in most of Eastern Europe was either close to zero or even negative
ee, leader of finnish government is sdp
Depends on the school / branch / personal choice?
Why would the shadow of the man be pointed to a different direction than the shadows of the cows?
I know it's cartoon, but the meaning can be twisted around - just "crying" because of Britain leaving, why doing barely any effort to actually reform the EU, instead pushing for the things that most EUsceptics in the UK said would probably never happen, like the EU army.
Yet genetically Latvians are much more closer to Estonians than to Dutch people due to millennia of living next to each other
herring on rye bread with green onions
It's all good when you're little, you have kill fun
The record for my country is only 35.6°.
Alteast so I've heard from the Estonian mafia
If you subscribe to /r/Mapporn, you will soon have enough of these.
You are turning into something different.
For older ones, not all, but the more popular ones (mentioned in news and tv-series) will be
Oh, and did you know that in the meanwhile, neighbouring Russia will keep polluting like there's no tomorrow, and we will probably just buy dirty electricity from there instead because we still need power, only the money will now go to a foreign country
EKRE (Right wing Conservative Party)
In a small town, stuff is often easier or cheaper because your friends mother owns the place you want to rent and your other friends uncle works at that catering you want to order foods from and the theatre director is your friends older brother etc, everybody knows someone who knows someone
I am part of those masses, I am in no political position and live an average life.
Almost everything in Northeastern Estonia (Narva, Sillamäe, Kohtla-Järve, Kiviõli), plus some in Northern Estonia (Paldiski, Maardu).
Bloody hell, that sounds ominous
Like little children
For younger people, the **names** of all the states will be familiar
Just randomly opening the host's fridge is rude however
I see they're taking notes from the Italians
I was hoping to work in "arts disaster" but then I reread.
I don't think he was talking about median wages, but rather about above average wages
It’s a very polarising topic, but I hope to see some progress in the near future
With the exam you'll get B1 or B2, depending on the score, but some do optional C level exams that cost money.
It would be cheaper getting a decent hotel room in Rome than in Saaremaa.
The occurrence of a "snow day" in Estonia would be spectacular enough to have a day off.
Doors to balconies work the same way as well
We are far from trusting nuclear energy, solar panels are expensive and they are only worth it during the summer, we have some water turbines but generally we lack strong water currents.
Im Estonian my country's history is full of suffering and shit
>So your investment 10 years ago at best would not have decreased
Georgians are extremely welcoming in anyone's experience, who have ever visited.
Visual Studio 2020
Her act was indeed the best we've had I think, but she isn't famous enough to be considered the most beautiful woman (because whenever we talk about such things, we do mean the most beautiful among the famous ones).
They used to transcribe Ukrainian names similarly to Russian names in Estonia, until a decade ago or so the rules were changed for Ukrainian.
Here in Estonia it's illegal to drink in the streets (unless it's like an open terrace near bar)
Plenty of hipsters among the youth here.
[Eesti taat ja eit söögilaua ääres]
when your mouth is hanging open: "Close your mouth, your heart will get cold"
Thats what happens when you try to write everything from memory ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
That also explains the Baltic states - Russians here aren't really keen on moving to Russia.
If we use Riga for a connecting flight, then we usually fly, especially if you come from Northern Estonia
Only very very few knew of its location.
Fortunately violent crime against strangers is not a big concern here, the worst that might happen is some drunk students trying to start shit
Our prime minister has to constantly apologise for him, but that’s as far as it goes when holding him accountable for his actions
It doesn't really help if you reveal your true self in the following comment.
Of course not, but it's a huge step towards the right direction.
Ninasarvik(nose horn)=rhino
That's what surprised me
Doesn't law need a judge and an enforcer?
Do you mean what we call "[black bread]".
Never mind building up the ties and relations with countries after Brexit
I would have posted it, but I couldn't find it either
I'm sorry but Russians in Latvia are quite dumb to pick such a diehard Soviet as their representative
They attacked Finland and blamed it on you guys for starting it
Even Narva has a proper station now
Rich coming from a German
Locked cause yall can't behave
They're more common in the younger generations
Complete and utter lack of any knowledge about Albania
Mary isn't even correct, it's just colloquial - the real name should be Blessed [Virgin] Mary.
It could have been any one of those known theories, could have been something completely different, but it probably was something, either about the intentional sinking or the cover-up of something that was on board at the time of the accidental sinking.
It hasn't been too bad actually.
shed
There are these bastards here too who just refuse to use Estonian even though they can actually speak it rather well
I suppose you haven't met me
Very much so (another Estonian here lol)
Since i live in Viimsi
You can [take a trip with an old boat on the river] there are also several cute little bars like [this] or [this]  I recommend going to a sauna, even the smaller places can have decent sauna complexes like [this] in Tartu and [this] in Tallinn
Which is not taken particularly seriously..
Definitely something has to be done but through sustainable policies not surveliance and yes the first one is hell of a lot more complicated
Also - we have the letter "Õ" :) Very Estonian letter
Successful too as you can see from the graph.
Population growth is a problem in poor developing countries, not in Sweden.
I would fight for Finland if another country ever attacked it
I wish other EU members took a similar approach against Danish citizens buying property.
Not all, plus not all of the ones presented are serious.
It's quite well enforced in Estonia, but usually not in light urban areas.
I have changed my mind now
Holy shit I had 2 college dormmates (one from France, other one from Barbados) who thought the exact same thing
As a Tallinner, I have to be smug and ask what's so special about this?
Because that's not what language trees are about.
That's what all the commentators and even the headline says.
We northerners are actually OK with getting close to each other if alcohol is involved somehow.
0 out of 5
Plus the person talking is obviously British talking english while Channel 1 usually translates everything into Russian,
I have a horrible sleeping schedule so i pretty much don't see the daylight at all
Considering that, do you imagine Estonia being more developed with some other government?
There have been some very different forest preservation policies in Pskov Oblast!
Not very widespread though
A 3-5 bedroom apartment in/close to city centre or a house a bit away from centre
The shoes off part is true tho
Chinese foreign policy seems more realist than Western policy, and less concerned with ideological evangelism, which is something I respect.
Personally, I'm a huge fan of Papyrus.
6 million hectares
Равлик/ Ravlyk meaning snail  is the most common name, though when used in emails, for some reason we just don't say it, it is said as "at"(like English) sometimes when in context of mentions
Center-left, centrism and center-right are the way to go!
We've (in Estonia) always been taught that we don't have any mountains since it has to 300m from the bottom to the summit.
So wholesome
Same for me, feels very safe at night
May I ask how we made the list ?
With extreme cold, cars do indeed start to fail, especially those produced for warmer markets
> Who is doing the police stuff in your countryside ?
Another funny mistake Germans occasionaly do is calling a mobile phone a "handy" also in English
>, but they're shorter
just curious, would anyone really need over 100 mb
The west let them know that if they drown Baltics in blood then there will be no loans.
I think that patriotism is very different by country.
So you have a problem with Poland.
Okassiga(thorn/needle pig)=porcupine
> climate change denial is crossing a line
Plus, if the new government doesn't get appointed democratically anymore.
But I must say, that being not crowded with tourist is also a big upside
Well no not here, but I read about it on the news that it's horrifyingly common in Russia.
And I feel horrible even below -10°C.
Can't be true, Estonians speak quite good English
It's not even a mountain to be fair.
Kinga means "of a shoe" here :)
They were all pre-85, I don't know for sure.
I call bullshit on most of the red eastern block here though
Atleast that's what I've heard
We're
* Dental services are not covered by public healthcare (apart from 40 eur yearly deduction)
This is a dialect, not an accent.
&#x200B;
>After 1945 you couldn’t find a single SS who was their member “in the regular sense”.
Like Finland - but less drunk and with better looking people.
i think the sense of safety has a lot to do with how well you know the area, hence why i said it depends
Wait, what's the other expression?
24th of Feb (Independence Day)
Speak for yourself, please
Same reason with Baltics, you start your usual USSR oppression and are mad when a bigger percentage join the Germans in the fight as Germany occupies the land from the USSR (some joined the Soviets, some joined resistance, some escaped to the West and some became also more or less paramilitaries for a third party as Finland might be considered)
I sometimes drink water from the bottle next to my bed or have a glass of milk.
I don't wanna be *that* guy, but if you guys want people to stop torturing animals for the sake of 'tradition' you should start with kosher and halal food production.
The sad thing is that you can influence the result with lies and after the vote, there is no longer a need/possibility to stick with the lies, so a lot of people change their minds...
Hey hey hey we'd be more on the quiet side
I quickly discovered that there really is in fact no evidence whatsoever.
Studying starts in 1-3 grade and in high school english is a national exam.
Who cares - we shall see what Trump will do and how friendly he will try to get with Russia.
This is the best thing I have seen today.
We all have our favourites, but I think [Lenna Kuurmaa] does the trick for Estonia.
I have heard that in some areas of the capital people don't, but I am unsure if the quality is really different or those people are just weird snobs
There's a huge difference between teaching a language in some schools and making it part of the national curriculum.
Well nobody here thinks that we are actual Finns, but everyone knows that we are Baltic Finns (Finnic speakers who live near the Baltic sea).
First of all we would love the experience and secondly if we played against the US and lost, then we would have a century of shitposts about them beating a pan-European soccer team.
" "Sai" can be a very common thing to hear in Estonian considering that it means "did (someone) get the bread
Estonian wiki - very good for anything about Estonia (history, politics, language, laws), not so good for anything else
Yeah, well perhaps they weren't.
At the very least you're not losing your money to inflation, realistically you're growing it
Seriously, you just take the bag of milk, put it in the container, slice off the corner and pour.
If you like to run, is there ever a temperature limit for you?
And the bigger cohorts born in 1988-1992 that have graduated by now are basically collectively on maternal leave
Yeah, mining the straits is much easier..
Late 90's was a different time
Most ethnic groups in Europe identify themselves by language - essentially nobody identifies by common genetics
Kus viga näed laita, seal tule ja laida.
What's wrong with a simple statue or something?
Which was a huge filter for freeloaders.
Tallinn old town, Pärnu (where I too love) and Saaremaa Island in the summer
Our government loves to fantasise and promise something and then everyone forgets about it
Living in the capital = loving the capital?
There is cheap food and great hospitality, also fabulos arts and plenty of history
There aren't much they can do about it
Our mighty "Big EggMountain" is higher than the Danish hills
Damn, Russias getting all of it
hi hello I'm an IB student (though not in the UK - but the program is the exact same), you can ask me about math in the program and I can give you more detail about Studies and SL
i thought we mostly joke about russians and germans because of all the "estonian, german and russian
Especially the blueberry flavour
It's easier to accept the outcome we didn't want if we dismiss those that voted for it a idiot or demonise them in some way so we can remove ourselves from any association with them.
Saving the Latvians in 1919 and 1920
I thought DfT was pushing mobile ticketing
Bad and inhumane regulation by these territorial states
Water levels are always hard
Yo there's 4 now 2 Tallinn 1 Tartu 1 Narva
I want to say Finland but reading the comments it might be one way love
katsu/katso: est
There is Kamchatka that is basically Iceland on steroids
The mass deportation of 1941 was explained as evacuation of civilians because of war
I would most likely say *ja-märk* ("and-sign").
Over here even modern ones don't have an elevator with only 4-5 floors
I definitely know about that, my great grandfather was an Ingrian who grew up in a village south of Leningrad
Provocation is something much more serious than 26 soldiers taking a pictore in a country that belongs to NATO.
Lithuania: thank you for trying to help Belarus
Maybe we're all living in a simulation which started June 23rd 2016
I think opinion about Scotland has always been very positive in Estonia, especially because of their long resistance to an imperialist power.
Here you can cycle on both sidewalks and roads, whatever fits you better
I think not liking *[sült]ült&oq=sült&gs_l=img.3..35i39k1j0i30k1l9.175066.179610.0.179991.34.15.4.0.0.0.279.1354.7j4j1.12.0....0...1c.1.64.img..22.11.788.0..0j0i67k1j0i24k1.IZhB4jfPr6g)* is among the unforgivable curses here.
&#x200B;
Maybe it's common elsewhere too but I haven't heard about it
The "average" wage is pretty deceiving, as it doesn't show divide between regions and different income classes
Once you complete the series you know everything you ever need to know about the conflict
Try 23andme, Ancestry DNA, Family Tree DNA etc
But that's not how it works sometimes.
Veoauto is a great one to try to pronounce
"Do you speak Russian
Namely western useful idiots at Nat Geo buying and repeating Soviet propaganda.
Alliance with Nazis was an expansion plan for the Soviet Union too
In any kind of scandal or "scandal" regarding EKRE, for example if one of their politicions called abortion murder, the media would not go and speak to EKRE politicians themselves
Why no one likes Estonia
I imagine there were goons like this with Hitler as well.
Some famous brands like Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Fanta, Sprite and [Kelluke] are often named separately and calling them "lemonade" in some contexts can be rather weird.
I *think* we actually don't have a sea border with Sweden.
You even have a voiced d sound that we don't have.
No, that's the ö
It's nice to play friends with a corrupt dictatorship that has been tormenting half the continent for a century if not more, right?
While it's of course spectacular that this is the case for an entire city, it really isn't that uncommon
It's quite easy to visit from Estonia, one just needs to hop off the Tallinn-Stockholm ferry during the night
That looks very nice and very different from anything we have here.
When someone in Northern Ireland wants to claim to be Irish
However I 40% believe Lukashenko will be assassinated by some means
10€ -  A pack of pork ribs
I know cloud cover is a bitch at St
You really are among the minority then.
When written there is no difference, when said there is difference
Haha, tried going to Hallstatt two summers ago, no parking spots
Similarly, my mum would speak in Bulgarian to her mum/friends when she didn't want me to understand the conversation
As in I can easily go and walk my dog for 10 minutes in my home clothes (like T-shirt+skirt) in winter with -10 Celsius, but if I am sitting still at the office and it's 17 degrees, I can get very very cold by the end of the day without my hoodie
If I pass that window, I would probably have to consider adopting instead
Now because people will come with the old "Portugal can into Eastern Europe" thing, I'll say that it's not really about anything like that
We have KFC here at Estonia
we do have *kotletid* as well, not sure whats the difference is.
Until the brexit actually happens, not even EU is fully metric
I can't watch it right now but *sibul* ("onion") is common slang for Rusdians due to Orthodox churc spires and Old Believers in Eastern Estonia who grow and sell onions a lot.
Especially the blueberry flavour
The word "saks" in Estonian, meaning "noble or upper-class person", comes from the same root as "sakslane", the word for German, because Estonia was ruled by German nobles for several hundred years
In reality though it gets bright at around 10-11 and dark by 2, because sun rises reaaly low relative to horizon and barely iluminates surroundings
If the Soviets murdered more of your people, how can you say that living under them was any better than living under Nazis?
A lot of this discontent 1/3 will try almost desperately to find a medical excuse not to go.
More or less, but I think it's fitting to the local environment.
Estonian has many words ending with a suffix *-seks*, like *kollaseks* (turning into "yellow"), "mängimiseks" (turning into "playing"), even *seksimiseks* (turning into "having sex").
Still my favourite Family Guy scene.
Well, first of all Crimea was annexed by Ukraine
I don't care about your citizenship, I care that you are relatively distant from this area so your rather obscure (joke or not) definition is rather irrelevant.
How about ignorance towards people who hold different views from your own
*lightning strike in the background*
donald dumbbb hahhahahahahha
Generally, we are in Northern Europe.
Many internationally used words are indeed written exactly like in Dutch.
The rolled R might be difficult for some, like English speakers for example
Also, most of the entertainment I consume is in English
Plus regular reserve would be mobilized into the Defense Forces, while the Defense League is a separate organization.
Global warming and accordingly us, human being, have spoiled the balance of the Earth
Looking back Lyudmila always ah mention
A link for those who also were curious:
People don't watch tv much anymore and commercial channels have lost huge amout of viewers while ETV has lost the least
Do the separatists have a plan for what they want to do now
Why should someone be proud of being born somewhere?
Have to admit, the french are far better in political maneuvers, centuries of games
Correct and clean use of language is very important to me, so it’s always really embarrassing when I can’t remember specific words
A kfc opened up in my city, and the wait time there was and entire hour for a day, not as long anymore
No the problem is that the pro-Brexit and anti-globalist bunch have offered empty claims.
The attempt to remove Yanukovych was indeed unconstitutional, and actually he refused to resign, but a while later Yanukovych literally escaped to Russia and thus withdrew from the exercise of constitutional authority.
A couple of residential houses but you can hardly tell
Personal projects generally in Estonian, at work whatever the standard is for the current project (usually English)
Although the difference here is the applicability of modern international law.
Nordic*
Only summers are nice sometimes
At least Romanian can do it in Teslas now, since they opened orders over there:
pilsner is czech though
* If you have non-lifetrheatening disease, waiting periods for doctors can take up months
Meat tastes good, this does not look good.
On the 23rd of August in 1989, a 670-kilometre human chain composing of 2 million people was formed from Tallinn, to Riga, to Vilnius
Yeah, how dare they use their right to self determination!
Palatalization: "palk" (log) and "palk" (salary) are pronounced differently
This tweet probably got him some votes.
Nothing , they're both passed out drunk in a soviet age bus station
Give Chagos Islands back to its natives!
I think I will stick to current day
In reality Soviets actually did carry out their campaign of mass murder, deportation and ethnic cleaning.
Maybe that'll work better
For example for me as Slovak it would be impossible to tell apart Latvian from Lithuanian speaking English when I have heard only few times Lithuanian or Latvian languages so there is no way I would be able to see/hear differences in English between them.
Only that each of the regions would then have an equal amount of powers?
They weren't leaving from Estonia.
Locals speak the dialect with each other, but easily switch to Standard Estonian when speaking with an outsider.
These fees should be presented to the end customer by charging more for using the credit card option instead of making the product more expensive for all payment methods
TIL investments strip people of their human rights.
That was a major Russian propaganda victory with CNN ticker running about 4000 killed etc.
And don't forget that 40k is a dream salary for majority of population in my country
America - "English mofo, do you speak it
Just to clarify: I meant "should" as in "would be expected to", not "should" as in "would be a good thing".
But it's a good thing, its absence makes the language richer ;)
Just like every church next to a pub area.
This way the only focus was on the EU itself, as it should be.
Hasn't it been shown that after a certain amount of worktime, the productivity significantly decreases and so, working yourself to death with overtime will not net you good value
dick
I wouldn't say "not in a million years", but realistically, not in 20 years at least.
Sure Estonia could've done some things better but it's a very delicate situation
Countries are made up of federal states
Aga sa ju ei saanud, sa ei teinud seda.
That's why I use MPV player and have never looked back
If you want to come somewhere where you can feel at home, then I think our climate is just as shitty as yours
I've never been further north than my own country.
Finland - 1 month, 1 week (vacation at my aunt's place in Central-Finland, a couple one day ferry trips to Helsinki)
But they save you a lot of time as going through both harbours and driving to Vantaa Airport would take up a lot of time - instead coming to the small Tallinn Airport extremely close to the city centre and flying to Helsinki is rather quick
wait the drying rack isnt a thing everywhere (not even in europe
Restaurants are usually a mix of the two.
33% is only a social tax
So if there was no cooperation, would that make United Russia go away?
Scandinavian women safe houses are filled with refugee women who discovered that after coming to Europe they can leave their abusive husbands.
Ahahaha, that's pretty wild
There is also no special lexical relation between Estonian and Hungarian, so I don't see the reason why Hungarian is linked with Estonian, but not with Finnish.
There is also some resentment that we had to (i.e.
Old pagan beliefs survived and/or became intertwined with Christianity.
Welcome to the party ladies and gentlemen, pleasure to have you all here
Its not classified as a language of its own but Seto, which is old Estonian spoken in south-eastern Estonia
I'm talking about domestic energy production, I'm talking about growing this number, which you already seem to have already set goals to reach 25%
Speak the language and not try to implement the twisted rules of their religion or former country in our country.
Lol, no it hasn't.
At the same time it happened and it didn't happen.
People start smoking when they're like 15, as was the case for me and my uncle for example
Theoretically everything EU has can be done as an EU partner also but the negatives of EU are also its positives
Not many mobile homes in Estonia, even in the summer.
Just had a taxi driver like this.
What we usually regard as [dialects of Estonian] also exclude some close branches that have evolved into separate languages (like Livonian and Votic) and include some that may be linguistically more distant, but in reality far more intelligible to Estonian than Votic for example, like our Northeastern Coastal dialects.
Time went by, I was lucky to have the opportunity to travel quite a bit and see the world
Channel one usually loves shoving their mic into everyone
"He puts most of the responsibility on the existing population..."
Most people spoke Estonian, but there were also some Russian speakers and a Gypsy family who spoke some kind of a gypsy language, but now because the village next to us (Vao) started taking refugees in you can often also hear English, Arabic, French and some African languages being spoken.
Closest what you can find is (somehow, most of the time not "lethal aid") helping Ukrainians, but this is a completely different can of worms.
If we go for Slovakia then I would love to add poultry to list
Don't get on trucks or on cars where there are possibly dangerous people inside.
However we are undeniably part of the same geopolitical and geographical region, yet different cultural and historical regions.
Chilly: -3-5
Well, my best friends father bought supplies for 3 months, for a very good reason see, he has a chronic lung problems and if he caught corona, he would die
not even a bush
2 feet
[*Metsavendade laul*] ("Song of the [Forest Brothers]") is an old resistance song used by the anti-Soviet resistance movement and other resistance groups.
Homo sapiens, by far
I don't really mind or notice on here, being upvoted seems to be mostly dependant on the quality of posts and how early you make it to a thread.
but same, me and my brother switched to english when we didn't want adults to understand us
The traffic is not awful at all, everything works like it should
[Most of Estonia] *speaks* Standard Estonian already
One small feedback: this could be done on a single map
European Agency for the operational management of large-scale IT systems in the area of freedom, security and justice
I also thought of *eastern European* countries like Latvia, Estonia,..
> Tartu
But you see almost nobody learns to speak a language in school, this applies to every language
Rollercoasters
I have VHS of the series as well, but mine was translated into estonian.
They either integrate or leave - simple as that!
I go to a school that has a lot of russians and sometimes it's almost comedic seeing someone come to class and then proceed to shake hands with everyone
And how much of it was created or how much work was done in Sweden vs Estonia
Gone/lost forever
Well Finnish speaking ones mostly as basically every alcoholic in my family has or is working in Finland and speaks the language
Not like it's been played out since April
As nukes go it doesn't matter if you are Finland, USA, Russia or some small island republic - nukes don't care how powerful you are and are a threat to the entire world and countries, including Russia
What's the difference between farming for meat and leather vs farming for fur
I have always found out that southerners don't really comprehend what "cold" actually is
Because then everybody will be gay and it'll spread like a disease /s
/for Standard Estonian speakers
I thought every country in Europe has free healthcare
But it is more of a sportswear thing and generally europeans dress "smarter" on the streets and don't wear sportswear unless well doing sports
Besides, exercise is good for most folk, because most folk is fat, not paralysed
shed
So better to sell all the gas as soon as possible
The American war films werent shown in Ussr either
Trudeau is a joke, not a leader of the free world.
Personally my favourite Estonian movie is "Truth and Justice"
* Et
Oh it definitely is one of the nicer ones in one of the nicer apartment block neighborhoods.
When I last visited I just walked around (its very beautiful city) and then eat.
The one at a street level is 1st floor, next one is 2nd floor
For example forest brothers killed hundreds of Soviet soldiers
Propaganda in this age is called news.
A rare Pepe I see with a peculiar hat.
To now 100,000 or so people getting on the streets
Didn't know my tears hold the future of mankind.
It looks like a lot of paperwork, but anyone who ever worked with documents will be able to tell that it's not a lot
AFAIK, Latvia and Lithuania have also had Cold War emigres as their presidents
Your understanding about how war works is wrong.
There's more to this story but unfortunately I, the biggest history nut in the family, was born a bit too late and the stories he personally told me were both confusing ( as he was a bit senile) and I didn't have context for them as I was about 13 when he died
I think only microstates should exist all over the world
Why is every country building its own isolated system and how come not even all countries use it
Main idea is "they fought against bolshevism, duh". It's even worse in our neighbor Latvia, where parades of  SS unit veterans were held
..I think a look at your country is a great example of why we should preserve lingual fragmentation
It's generally the most trusted government agency in Estonia, so very positive.
Guns are not the problem, you can kill people with knives too.
Russia always has a great past, even more great future, but the present is always not very good for whatever reason.
If it is cultural traditions we are Northern Europe (Lutheran religion, traditions, historic ties etc
Igloos and now polar bears
It's perfectly compatible with a free and equal society in Estonia.
[This is provocations all the way down]
maybe 23-24 since im sitting near the heater
I usually stop going when it drops under -13 °C.
They pile up in my wallet, until it's heavier than usual and then I have to throw them somewhere at home.
It seems like a very cool and unique occasion
The wave of nationalism will continue until mainstream parties understand that most people don't want mass immigration.
I don't know, they take much space, yes, and I am not willing to spend the time to actually use them, at least on an ordinary day, or almost always basically.
[This] of course sums up the experience for many.
Yeah kiitos is Finnish, tänan is estonian ( literally: I thank )
I don't think you have paid much attention to far-right in Europe.
We definitely chose the right one in...
Respectively if theyare more to the right of Fillon or more to the left of Fillon.
Even worse - with time definitions of who is on the list became arbitrary and random
Yet they are both dictatorships.
Basically the same in Estonian.
[Hey check it out, he's learning Estonian!]
The EU does not do that, especially with neutral nations among its members.
Btw since I've noticed Slovakia often gives Estonia a lot of points at Eurovision, more than Finland does often enough so I consider Slovaks our brothers from very different mothers
Multimedia, Programming, British culture, Arabic culture and creative writing
More recent investments from other European countries certainly have a big role, but the growth of an economy in countries that lack natural resources rather depends a lot on a lack of corruption and many other democratic changes in the society.
Were starting to have big screens everywhere, that will go out of hand very fast, i am 100% sure
People might say dark, but probably not black.
If they are literally using age-old Kremlin rhetoric, then what else is there to say
Don't you think it's strange that NATO forces were withdrawn from some country only once in history, in case of France more than half a century ago?
German-speaking Danes as those living in their indigenous territories at the German border?
I guess it's because I did not speak anything too demanding.
Quite popular
No, there are many negative aspects about Estonia, plus I can take/make jokes about Estonia as well.
[This
Western people were just not affected by this propaganda
There are always people who get a little too excited.
Don't you remember the French empire?
Don't even start to compare atheism with what the Soviets did!
When I was in Germany,in every city i've been to, German pedestrians don't follow the traffic code at all,they don't wait for the green light,they cross the street wherever they like it and I'm honestly surprised i didn't see any car accidents during my stay in the country
I don't understand why Turkey is still in NATO
It's written in Old East Slavic(which would later evolve into Old Ruthenian/Ukrainian/Belarusian which itself would evolve into modern Ukrainian) so it's a millennia old and includes so many of archaic words or words that changed their meaning but the overall structure and the spelling mostly remain the same(except for the few Cyrillic letters that are no longer in use)
Do you consider her not awarded enough or what's the reason of this snark?
I think the connection with Denmark is very strongly concentrated into the 13th-16th century and we barely talk about Denmark outside the context of the Danish territories in Estonia
That Estonian guy is going to lose his shit when he sees that part, happy2me or something :P
It doesn't really look that similar and would it still apply for the Czech Republic as well?
That's one of the reasons Turkey is invading right now
It's the densest international ferry line in the world with quite huge ships, which themselves have large stores and pubs on them
I am really glad I can now show up as late as 10:00 at work
Another interesting fact is that in majority Russian districts and towns there is a lot of fireworks at 11 PM, as many Russians celebrate the New Year after Moscow time, despite living in another country...
Is it a dictatorship if most people love him?
But in  general people with less wealth and in more impoverished conditions are less satisfied with their lives
Going by car will be faster, but more stressful
The view from the terrace was nice, I remember.
It's been going on for decades now and whatever someone decides, most still seem to be against it...
People have their secret spots, which they usually hold secret from their family, sometimes even from their in-laws ;)
Some conservative parties have politicians with some "Christian values", but the whole party keeps away from all that.
- MH17: 193 Dutch citizens (incl
But to be fair, legislation is done by countries, not cities.
Russia
Do you have to pay for penguins in Iceland
Italy
Honestly that stuff doesn't work all the time, electing Trump "was just gonna be fine", brexit "was gonna be fine" and so on
They were convinced I was insane saying they're an actual animal and I had to show them a Wikipedia page for them to calm down
People have a nasty habit of walking in circles if they don't know where they are going (which is scientifically not understood by the way).
His birthplace was never a problem
There was a repressive response to the russian protests in the Ukraine.
That's freedom of speech for you and foreign tourists are kind of dumb.
People from outside capitals dislike their capitals.
That is not to say that we are very similar with, say, Romania, but some common experiences make me feel closer to them.
I had English in kindergarten and again from grades 5-12 as my second foreign language.
You cannot hate someone with six toes on their feet.
It's the most normal window there is
Actually "kallis" can mean "expensive" in Estonian too, in addition to the other meaning
**International law**, you goon!
It's especially fun if you get to the store at 9:55 PM and there is a line
13% tax that goes to healthcare is paid from every salary and you have no option to not pay it or move to some private healtchare
Võhma is worse tho
As much as I know, the corresponding British overseas territories are not part of the United Kingdom.
(estonia)
It was a foreign occupation
Eat potato, no more no less
Been to Liechtenstein, Andorra and Monaco.
Maybe they were Norse people who had colonized the Estonian coast (which we know they did at some point)?
Their intrusive marketing really makes you never want to visit the Eiffel Tower again.
They wouldn't even need that if they were just visiting
We sometimes eat [unpeeled potatoes] when the skin is very thin.
Could be worse: you could be Latvia, who lost to the Faroes.
En oo kuullut hänestä mitään, onko se kuuluisa Suomessa?
I don't (transport is free in Tallinn)
Partying on friday night
Estonian here, can confirm there’s loads of forests
The most horrible traffic was in Berlin downtown, their traffic system is so weird and doesn't seem coordinated at all
Lumemari
Then we sled down the mountain and the one that sleds the furthest has the best harvest during the year
It would be interesting to see which ones Hungarian has retained.
Only online oe go to the store
It went to Italy after World War I I guess ^(always wanted to use two I-s next to each other) and Italy is quite reluctant to let the region go again, although they have an extensive autonomy and due to it being a rich region, don't really want to go back under Austria where they'd lose that autonomy.
What if i like pasta
She also is a part time singer at a bar
As I was in the army as a conscript, I have quite a lot of experience with rifles.
Riga was historically the metropolis of the Baltics which is why it's still the biggest city and also looks way more cosmopolitan
Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein the supreme power of state is vested in the people
I actually like how the Dutch language sounds.
Lithuania was christianised a bit later than us, but we were never really fully christianised until the Moravian Church (*hernhuutlus* in Estonian) arose in the 18th century.
Sadly this is literally literally the reasoning Russian politics sometimes have
Well at least if you get a job it actually pays money not peanuts
They recently made a film adaption of it, which is actually quite good
I know, we aren't as strict with [wandering Finns asking for directions to SuperAlko] anymore.
Over the centuries we've had visits from Denmark, the Germans, Denmark again, Russia, Sweden, Poland-Lithuania, Russia again, Germany again, Russia again: vol 3
They are quite soft when warm while they get very crunchy when they are colder.
Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald
False
raamat: est
It's quite hard to be the bold one and do something about it
I work pretty much all week anyway
But is the *Pyhän* always in the front or just sometimes?
Tomato on a black bread
Instead it was flat out refusal to even take them
That's surprising, it's such a minor thing here it is barely mentioned in TV sportsnews let alone anywhere else
Unfortunately  none of those countries are in EU or NATO so we can't intervene directly
it was against the political system itself
I have a slight feeling non-Finnic people don't get how much bullshit there is under my original comment :D
also in the news in Estonia:
The more power developing countries get in the world stage, the less meaningful human rights will be.
Realistically speaking, not in a million years.
Okei is very common but my estonian teacher always used to scold us a bit for using it
Language trees of the 24 official languages of the European Union
As an alternative "conspiracy" this could be it
They fail to mention that, as we are in NATO like 95% of those "NATO troops" are Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians
That's not how world works though, so events of the wars, aftermath of the war and long-lasting effects of them are all interlinked with each other
I will never not miss Andalucia
They can socialize just like other people, when they come to parties.
Russia has other reasons for their propaganda and insisting that their neighboring countries should be defenseless.
The first are the free media of democratic countries, the second are state-controlled propaganda of a dictatorship.
What is the point of posting this data in 2017 when it is from 2013.
No amount of observers would have made it legal and acceptable.
> with sauna all over Europe staff will kick you out if not naked
Do you know what the term "much of" means?
It’s a small difference of the name but this berry is called lumimari and the ice cream is lumemari
She probably is already preparing overview about who and in what point did mistakes what leaded to this disgrace, and what are our government plans to fix those shortcomings
Hungary was way more interesting to me
It's notoriously criminal (literally every Estonian knows it as the worst neighborhood in Tallinn), although calmed down a bit.
But, it was dispelled in the end of 90's when I first visited
It's all good when you're little, you have kill fun
It just made a decision to throw out the whole Russian Empire's criminal code and paragraphs against homosexuality went with that
Not like local people actually wanted to join an organization that would protect from a empire next door who, in various names, has shown aggression towards us right
Uhh yeah about that
Many of them still sympathize with Russia.
I have a choice of buying something way cheaper from a grocery store next door, but I still want to support the small local businesses
How much do you feel like an American
Old Estonian looks like Welsh, Polish and German mixed into one
There's also a lot of partisan songs from WWII era, with explicitly anti-Russian lyrics
> These nutcases tend to whine for some weird reason
Just out of curiosity what'd be the ideal Russia in your opinion
Cakes are designed to be eaten with a cake fork or a spoon, you eat Jaffa cakes identically to any other good biscuit
I mean, could you even fathom the idea of that?
I usually was literally sleeping through 1st-2nd lessons
Estonia easily has the best tri-color flag.
There isn't a lot of meat in a dog either.
sounds like a rap
According to Lennart Meri the word root is actually "kali" which meant a thick wooden stick.
Well we have conscription, so I used a rifle almost daily for 11 months, with real bullets in about every three weeks.
Plus our agriculture and rural life is more or less destroyed.
A country can reduce its emissions without being part of this global scam
We hate russians, probably because we have to learn their language
I actually think, if done tastefully its pretty great
Before that, Tartu could've given it some competition for top spot, whilst before the Northern Crusades the most important castles were mainly in the south of the country
Yup, it kinda feels like little needles poking your face and you're left thinking why do I live in a place where even the literal air hurts
As long as it means Nordic wages and Eastern European cost of living
Where are the numbers comparing different scenarios
Depends on what you're looking for.
Really
I think I read it somewhere that Katanas are shaped like that and the steel is folded a 1000 times just because they are.
Btw, it's called a [diminutive]
It is according to a dictionary.
Over here even modern ones don't have an elevator with only 4-5 floors
Spanish - albaricoque
It is a bit weird yeah, I used to work at a hotel which during WWII was used by Nazis as a command post of sorts or sth like that
Estonians and Lithuanians - we finally have the *casus belli* to invade Latvia, divide it along the Daugava River line and bring bagged milk to their stores!
But they save you a lot of time as going through both harbours and driving to Vantaa Airport would take up a lot of time - instead coming to the small Tallinn Airport extremely close to the city centre and flying to Helsinki is rather quick
We don't have our own cool name, but the funkiest I've heard is Russian "sabachka" - a little/cute dog, a cute diminutive, something like "doggo".
It has aged well
Don't forget Museum of Occupations
We go naked into sauna and usually there are both sexes together
*helmekuu* can also refer to January.
We are forced to learn russian
> What always bothers me is how many people from the west think they know exactly how things worked back then
At best, it might get some regional status, and even that would most likely exclude Tallinn and Riga
Congrats from Estonia
If for example bigger countries implement it the hard way the websites will follow them and wont start making exceptions for smaller countries
If she did it out of revenge eventually, long after finding out, then there is no excuse.
One Trump lackeys called us "suburb of st
His standard Estonian is now with a German accent with occasional Estonian islander intonation.
Soviet era Estonia from 1953-1980
Nothing lasts forever and I guess that bubble is getting smaller.
I don't think civil wars, famines and overpopulation are "happy african values". Most of the population in african countries have shitty life, and it's not relative, let's not kid ourselves
May I ask, when and how did you flee?
Also obligatory bagged milk (there are others, Canada
I have some bad news for you
All pre-Soviet occupation citizens and their descendants have been provided automatic Estonian citizenship, so he was able to become the President in 2006
No no no no
Quality of the relationship always prevails over the quantity.
Very
As I said before, Russians know how to make things look beautiful on paper.
In Estonia we actually laugh that Finnish sounds like drunk Estonian, so who knows who's actually the drunk one :)
They still teach it tho
Just wondering: how different is it from Dutch grammar and why is it so hard?
In the US with one seat electoral districts it may be important, but it's utterly irrelevant here with multi-seat districts and proportional representation.
Now get ready to answer questions about New Year's.
someone already talked about Estonia, but a bit more in general
We don't merge them on governmental accord for analogous reasons - they have a right to decide that merging themselves.
" and then end up winning by a small margin
Even if all of them were good citizens, we might embrace them individually, but not as a ethnic minority within our country.
Yet in many colloquial languages it is.
Yeah, in this case we mostly fly to Helsinki
Even if it was among the most dangerous peacetime periods of the whole last 100 years, murder rate, mafia, car crashes, all out of control
Sami sounds like i should understand it, but i don't.
It has started to change a little, as kids actually actually get friends who have a Russian parent or watch some youtube travel stuff
Firstly in Nordic countries tax is progressive, so 60% tax only applies to a portion of your salary above certain threshold
Yeah, as long as such things happen in the US, we have a legitimate right to call it weird...
I like how when Russia is doing their military exercises then these are only "answers to Western provocations" and when somebody else does military exercises then these are of course said provocations.
There's no anime (besides Ghibli )/ manga avalible here
Yeah, the value is greater, but so is the size and weight, and it adds up.
I love our bread and I get confused when other's claim they have good bread
Please educate yourself somehow and stop with this stupid bias.
It's been around 10-15 degrees and raining non-stop for the last 2 weeks here in Estonia, not sure who came up with 18 degrees on this map
*Urbõkuu* in Southern Estonian means "[Catkin] Month".
I work in an international environment, so I speak English on a daily basis
>Geographically
There are far more differences between the post-socialist countries than there are between Western European countries and generally labeling them into one group is stupid.
Ugh
What, how is Skype Swedish
There is a language and under that listed the countries where it has an official or regionally official status.
Helsinki is like 1
What can you do when they keep eating all of that saldejums?
Then all the foreigners would be confused, everyone would be talking võro
Ah so how much of the population is more or less f'ed as the current antibiotics don't work.
Most of the building next to the airport had cracks in them because of all the vibration
I looked at his sandwich and **he had put cheese on ham**... I just yelled at him across the table, asking "What are you doing
Low maintenance and very low operating cost for sometimes substantial amount of heat generated, too bad the system is expensive to set up for an existing house
Yay I can see the colors of my country's flag here
The most impressive ones in Estonia:
Historically we've also had agricultural parties that have been popular in some rural areas.
In fact the coalition *reduces* tax burden on the rich even more, by reducing tax from dividends from 20% to 14%.
>  so what's wrong with making it mandatory
If you're driving into Sweden from Denmark, and many tourists seem to do, Malmö will be the first city you pass through, so it'll absolutely leave an impression
"ma laulan homme" means "I will/am going to sing tomorrow". the tomorrow makes it known that the singing is not currently happening, but will happen in the future
But heard about it from my grandpa
According to the 2011 census, Tallinn is bigger than the 2nd-27th combined and has a population of 92% of all the other towns combined.
At least there aren't as many fishermen left.
Might not be economical now, but when nobody is buying gas, there are unemployed qualified drillers, for a while
I'm always slightly annoyed when the British flag is called the flag of England, which happens a lot here.
Despite multiple wars waged on my country territory with lots of damage, we still have a loot of medieval Gothic architecture
Unless you're buying alcohol or tobacco products(to prove that you're 18 or over) - no, it's not a  requirement
i see the picture, turn around and go finish my food
Not that it makes ill-treatment of Russians today excusable.
Yeah, Chechnya wanted independence as well.
That's not a joke, that happened a lot!
Most countries did not have SS-units that were so different in their ideologies and whose lack of crimes was acknowledged by Western Allies
But as for actually changing the system, I do think some changes will happen eventually, but it will take time
Germany - Saksamaa (derived from Saxony)
There are two types of sandwiches:
Also, as the old town has many pubs and restaurants, it really isn't the calmest place to live - very few locals would actively look for a place to live in in the old town
must be debated
even though there have been very radical changes.
I care about which one is open on the particular time I want to go shopping.
For example lowering retirement age by so much definitely isn't a right-wing move.
Gives it sort of a creaminess thing
Russian is not officially recognised despite being home language of many people.
90 :)
More about winters, the old town can get crazy slippery in the winter with its cobblestone streets and narrow and high sidewalks with often rather uncomfortable angles
Any people putting stuff like cider in their soft drink bottles, mixing vodka or rum with coca cola or any other shenanigans like that
Lets see
It is somewhat consoling to know that the three ex-communist countries doing the best: Czechia, Slovenia and Estonia are all heads deep in the Trumpist far-right hole
Estonia’s maximum will be raised to 120km/h soon
What was once the name of our pre-Christian god (*Taara*, cognate of Thor), is now used as a word for empty bottles (*taara*).
Edit: formatting
in the last few years, slightly, I guess, but definitely not at cult levels.
It was not
Avoid speaking Russian with the natives, some could even turn their backs and leave.
And afterwards learning Finnish still was/is worthwhile for people in Tallinn, especially those working in the service industry, due to the amount of Finnish tourists
Patronage of [Great People] costs 25% less  [Faith]
The point is that some argue that Estonia today isn't the same Estonia as it was before ww2
If Finland is the Beat up drunkard I fear to guess what Estonia is on this scale.
Actual mixed ethnicity of someone is usually said with a hyphen anyways
But I think plenty of people leave religion behind during their lifetimes, especially now.
Calling the centre party "pro-russian" is a massive oversimplification, especially now.
Its lethal
That's literally the example of ww2 affecting foreign relations
because they're more convinient when using
Yeah, ground heat pumps are great
What does this have to do with anything?
their maps are all unavailable :(
Linked is a humor show making fun of them, but they are a real phenomenon
Uh, no, from Estonia as well
If we look at nationwide data then we might see that Estonia has a high HIV rate, while in reality it's more or less normal, while among the Russians in Narva it is horribly high.
You are trying to misrepresent what happened here.
You’ll see Estonian flags on many porches all around the year, in front of *all* houses on official holidays and of course in clothing and as various kinds of decoration, such as Christmas trees, mugs, pennants and many more
mm yeah, that explains it a bit more.
The 2013 [Dictionary of Standard Estonian] (*Õigekeelsussõnaraamat* or *ÕS*) contains about 130,000 words.
Very rare considering how few non-white people there are here.
My post was a response to one that tried to paint a picture that these few US troops are a threat of invasion to Russia to which they must respond and that creates an arm's race.
A pretty good [article] was recently published on this topic and I advise anyone who is interested to take the time and read it.
I love them
In Estonian that sounds like Mina tapan haned = I will kill the geese
Yeah
Me  'im from Estonia'
(i verkligheten var det så jag kan förstå de fuktiga mejmejs på sweddit, men vi pratar inte om det)
Both resisted Soviet Russia's takeover of their countries.
For example Wales currently receives around £680 million per year in EU funding
"aitäh" is more commonly used
Just to add, I'm not saying nothing ever happens in Malmö, but it's absolutely not the battlefield media likes to portray it as
It still keeps snowing in Tallinn, we currently have about [15 cm of snow]
palk = log
Riga is the cosmopolitan art nouveau capital with a very beautiful central town, Vilnius is the baroque beauty and Tallinn is the medieval fairy tale city.
Definitely an awesome cartoon though.
Did you see me justifying Turkish actions
I have a horrible sleeping schedule so i pretty much don't see the daylight at all
In Estonla, a alcohol tax is coming up which leads tons of more people into Valka
Most of the world is
Could you pass him on to Austria somehow?
The same rules apply as in any larger city, don't walk around sketchy neighborhoods with your wallet visible at night, and you'll be fine
I took the energy to study it a little in university though, but that was out of my free will.
And among all the southern places I've seen, they seemed by far the most calm, not yelling when they talk, not so focused on wild parties and drama
The ground becomes slippery and icy, OK
I think we need to subtract the Soviet occupation from the 100 years, if we’re going to say “100 years *of* independence”. If we are referring to “100 years since the declaration of independence”, then 100 years is technically correct
Some old people just go to sauna once a a week, but I think they usually have a mid-week tiny-wash as well
First name and surname (father's)
Hall= grey
Plus, the immigration rate for the US is relatively small - a country with that size can easily integrate these immigrants.
Disco Elysium
Honestly I think it's unhealthy how much I have riding on this summer, it's always better in my head than in reality but it's true that those few good summer days give me the hope to survive winter
They also had no trouble annexing Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and heaps more during that same period
With the reverse meaning
So is it possible for the parliament to pass an independence referendum and join Ireland?
TLDR: depends where in the country you live
First they took meats and potatoes, later they took other food that were stored, including seeds.
I'm ultimately pro-renewable, but having such emotional viewpoints a'la "shut down all polluters
I'm sure if Russia reported their stats, those would be included too.
Because it was the biggest city and generally already considered the main city of estonia
The others that come up are basically the same.
Insane
Yes, but the problem here was with lets say Scotland and England, which are both countries, but are neither foreign to another as they are both part of the same sovereign state.
Pärnu and Tartu still feel significantly different to Tallin, but maybe their not quite wilderness yet
And 2/3 of Tartu was destroyed.
we watch that too, every new years eve
What about Hungary
Well the letter Õ. Our anthem is *Mu isamaa, mu õnn ja rõõm*, which means "My Fatherland, My Joy and Happiness", but if you write it with O-s as *Mu isamaa, mu onn ja room*, then it means "My Fatherland, My Hut and Feces".
The same joke works better with Estonian islander intonation ;)
While it's funny, I've never understood why they think it is so.
Or they might just run out of money for weapons
Mõisaküla, just for the fun of it
It’s a small region in the South with a unique dialect and traditions
Tallinn experience is better: the bike lane is a...bike width suicide lane along a major magistrale road, but cars still park there
I think I've been in sort of a denial but having a date kind of solidifies things, doesn't it..
She answered Estonia
*Holland* is the preferred term in Estonian.
If you are mixed, then you are mixed.
Latvia and Lithuania are brothers (and Estonia and Finland are brothers) but Latvia and Estonia have been roommates for quite a while
His dictatorship was approved by the parliament, it's only the long time it took him to adopt a (somewhat) democratic constitution that people have a problem with.
I'm not a fan of the people I belong to but its the only people I have
You're not gonna be running to Russia with open arms
Estonian kroon was the most aesthetic
>not so much in other countries
Putin will always be the president and no other elected position has power.
Although the town was sieged many times during the Middle Ages, it was never conquered in battle until 1918.
Any evidence behind this new theory other than making things politically suitable for some people?
The police is there, you can’t just drive off
and in mustamäe i feel relatively safe walking on main roads as well, because i am familiar with them
Estonia may be close to Finland culturally, but that is where cultural likelyness stops.
Aren't IRA mostly left-wing, Marxist or Secular Republican by ideology?
[This immediately comes to mind] Jokes aside I did notice a crazy amount of different types of beer glasses in Flanders when I was there
I was born in Tallinn and i live Tallinn, but my family roots come from Hiiumaa island so I identify with Hiiumaa the most, because it's the closest to my heart, then Tallinn, then Estonia overrall
However if you are labeled like this in public, then it can seriously affect your career, friends, and family.
Didn't they like fold the iron ontop of the iron for katanas for the exact same reason you gave?
For example by that criteria there was zero victims in Holodomor.
Konstantin or Pent (Estonia)
Usually nordic food is very influenced by nature and earthy ingredients
Portugal and Italy definately need their own Macron to cut spending and state sector
Visiting Narva and Eastern-Estonia in general, it’s like a completely foreign country
Outside of Tallinn tbh
They use this mostly to buy petrol from Russia, but the hassle on the boarder is too great to make pursuing alcohol from Russia feasible.
How is this Europe related
According to the 2011 census (ages 15 and beyond):
If something is done in a bad way, chances are, your neighbor is doing better.
The thermal waters
Guessing dead Ukrainians and other Europeans don't concern her.
[This] is a *kotlet* - they are rather larger than meatballs and not shaped like balls.
Estonian has butchered them up quite a lot over the centuries.
Webpages don't have borders
It's a bog in Estonia
yeah, let's compare a democratic country to "1984"...
It's the first result from Google, hehe.
Finland
They also performed at the [Paris Fashion Week] :D
Winter
Estonia is worth a visit for seeing old towns or walking in the nature, which doesn't really invite the worst of the worst from Russia as I can imagine the beach resorts in Spain might do.
You'd have to be pretty close to the shore to survive even if you were a good swimmer.
Blood has been spilt
We are literally talking about a dictator invading European countries - there is every reason to compare him with Hitler.
Of completely different etymologies, I don't think there are any
I would love to finally have single market
I now feel uncomfortable in bigger groups than four.
I though everyone knew he was probably the worst ever colonizer, and his actions shocked even people living in his age
Fun fact, that word is the same no matter what way you read it
No longer used though
It's not
It just doesn't rise above the horizon at all for them
Tartu University is by far the oldest, biggest and highest-ranking university of Estonia.
It's a quote from Jesse Klaver.
Finn
> scone rhymes with gone
But seems that contrary to all the speculation here, there are effective ways to do it.
As soon as this obligation ended, the reformist bunch took over these parties and the real communists usually left to form their own, real communist parties.
Yes, defensive deployment = escalation.
> can they force you to pay without beating you up
It’s as if my brain is not switching between the languages fast enough
I dont get the Sweden one tho
I still think we often consider each other neighbours
I'm talking about the German Teutonic Order
A swede once made a thread to a Baltic gaming forum, asking us to "show our beautiful Russian faces". I raged
Estonian SS-Panzergrenadier Division to be precise)
"Holland" is even official short form in Estonian.
English is way better for scientific texts in my opinion
Two interesting modern cases include:
So if there was no cooperation, would that make United Russia go away?
These are bold words and assumptions coming from a Swede, who's own people and government supported Germans during the war by supplying them with iron
The last execution took place in 1991 when a murderer was executed by a firing squad
Same fix as mentioned above
Russian propaganda likes Brexit.
Could be, but it depends on what you mean by "us".
brave / fin
It's a federal semi-presidential constitutional republic where the president is elected
You are somewhat right with the concealed carry, but you made it sound very wrong, so I actually had to check the law to see wtf are you going on about
Universal healthcare, however, is definitely something worth thumbing your nose for
Didn't understand the directions
I think it's good experience if you want to go there, but I can already imagine myself there and being pissed off every day because I have to be there.
The event was so remarkable that the story was kept alive for millennia among several nations until it could be written down
This is a holocaust memorial that looks like and is treated *like an European art gallery*, thus the selfies.
Cold and rainy
Denmark
There was a man with a very curved back and with a walking stick
And during the last year of two, the influx of refugees has somewhat shown that part of Europe.
I mean, we sometimes make them more comfortable, but that's rather with very common names.
Well if you look closely the bridges represent time periods from the roman times to modern
Why do you make fun of the places north of Faro?
Against direct Russian invasion that starts WW3 with NATO?
That would be somewhat true (although still as horrific) if soviets gave the chance to "change class" as you said
Estonian females prefer more casual and neutral clothes
Sa oleks pidanud CC/BY-NC alla panema :P
Even people in Estonia, with one of the highest standards of living amoung the post-communist countries, are emigrating.
You are both Slavic, we are not ;)
Im glad that you don't, but from the outside it seems that way, because any kid of national pride gets you labeled as a nazi.
Finland, because they're the only other Finnic nation that has its own country
And if you uncapitalise it and switch the w with a v, it becomes Estonian
So this seems quite young
Right now there are 5 major parties in Estonia:
Halloween is the best holiday of he year by far.
Same in Estonia
Whether grownups actually believed it or not was irrelevant - what was important is that they continued with spreading the superstition.
The only reason I didn't make such distinction for other languages is because they are rather a collective group of dialects, while the distinction of Croatian is made within one dialect of Serbo-Croatian.
I've never even considered using white bread for this.
So - yes, the are carrying but there is sooo much paperwork when they happen to unholster it
You also have Milk Bars, this is cool
I'd have expected it to be a West-East division, but a Norwegian said it's normal to fly it, while a Pole said it's not that common
Imagine if you own a carpentry industry.
Denmark: we were so connected in history, how come we drifted apart
Simply being a country gives right to some level of representation thus smaller countries seem "unproportionally represented".
00-23
I'd say quite a big difference.
Regardless of your desires and skill you will be made to learn how to cook by necessity or die in the first months of university as you left your parents
A quaint little Finnic nation with a horrible history that's on the highway of getting as far away from anything related to Russia and the USSR, with its desire to identify itself as a tech-savvy Nordic country.
Naturally I was surprised by how dirty the city could be, but I've had the same kind of feelings in Paris and Barcelona
And if not the whole thing maybe just Kaliningrad
That's where most of us also draw the line
The reason is very often a general lack of knowledge about these parts of Europe and a mild Cold War era bias.
But the outrage is there probably because it's Jewish, not French, Japanese, or American.
But I imagine there was quite the animosity towards any foreign rule - you owned the area at a time where the Estonians were split between three countries, known (creatively) as the Three Kings' Era
Vienna in Estonian is called Viin, viin also means vodka in Estonian
Excluding the never words like DVD and institute, i can only pick out a few words from that video like "language", "and", "Norway" and "forty".
In Estonia by law you can't do that
Estonian and Norwegian life imprisonments aren't the same for sure for example.
Silly Americans, inner cities are for the rich.
It also set up the conditions for creating NATO and EU
9/10
I don't remember exactly, but I think it was $30k in the 90s - a fortune.
000   € within one financial Union
No hard feelings, bro, but an even bigger coastline would be kinda nice
I'm sure you wouldn't like it if Warsaw was misspelled frequently
Besides a few exceptions it's all pretty civilian, like these transporters, Volvo wagons, Skoda RS Wagons, etc
Hi Julia
We say "Tšehhi" because to us that's comfortable
Are you seriously going to argue that "immigrant" cannot in any way mean "muslim immigrant"?
I don't think I had to learn any English poems in English.
[Should you ever need some water to cool down]
It's an independent branch/language of Indo-European, but Albania is not in the EU.
trying to make you culturally Russian.
*With unwavering faith and a steadfast will to strengthen and develop the state which embodies the inextinguishable right of the people of Estonia to national self-determination and which was proclaimed on 24 February 1918, which is founded on liberty, justice and the rule of law, which is created to protect the peace and defend the people against aggression from the outside, and which forms a pledge to present and future generations for their social progress and welfare, which must guarantee the preservation of the Estonian people, the Estonian language and the Estonian culture through the ages, the people of Estonia, on the basis of § 1 of the Constitution which entered into force in 1938, and in the referendum held on 28 June 1992, have adopted the following Constitution
Lol, same for me
appointment of a pro-Russian Prime Minister of Estonia
If said neighbourhoods are filled with public housing, they can follow what Singapore did, as an example.
Damn, Russias getting all of it
Whole our history consists of attempts of other nations to conquer us.
If you look at the poorest countries in terms of standard of living you will see that they are the most authoritarian, less freedoms, less democracy, more nepotism, more corruption.
It can be called something like "snowish" as well
Your argument is rather absurd.
Sounds like you know next to nothing about your country's post-independence years.
The independence and sovereignty of Estonia are timeless and inalienable
Soviet Union on the other hand was.
I'd guess he's T-shirt ready a few degrees before me, once again depending on the other factors
But comparing to Slovenia, they don't have a chance.
The former Soviet era industrial areas and the derelict towns mostly in the northeast are horrible, but for the most part it's clean as soon as the weather allows them to clean up the streets after snow has melted.
oh, she also kind of looks like Jungkook from BTS, but that one is obviously not a common one either
Hell the only books I've read in English were comic books (A Donald Duck comic and Tokyo Ghoul).
[Allsorts liquorice] I believe.
Besides Switzerland and Monaco that have been mentioned here going to Harrods in London was quite an experience, watches that cost tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands, bottles of wine that cost thousands as well and so much more
Estonia is really small but
Can't see how shortsighted promises and change in a negative situation is better than the status quo.
Completely forgot that word exists sorry lmao
Talsinki is already a plan in a way.
Stop using the term "Eastern Europeans".
Maybe if Russian was an official language of Estonia, as it should
Not really though Some coastlines are marshy, but they are actually rather rare
Dopey, in practical terms it means that not allowing people convicted of 'hate speech' will be used by someone to remove political opponents.
So theoritaclly, if you live within your means, but not super-frugally, you can save up 400 eur a month with an average salary
America - "English mofo, do you speak it
[Tõrvikurongkäik] was quite an interesting event.
Well, the Latvian town of Valka has its train station in Valga, but that's not what I'd consider a direct link between Estonia and Latvia.
Hell, I think most of the Germans alive today probably had nazis somewhere in their family tree, but nobody goes around actively praising them and neither do they go around denouncing them because it seriously doesn't matter
Vii spiik laik tiss eer in estoonia, bikaus it iis hau vii pronaunts tings
Most of the time its close to freezing point which means that snow has little chance to accumulate and therefore no skiing - a personal tragedy :(
You can believe in god and still be a ""realistic"" critical thinker
&#x200B;
Based
Took a train all the way to Vladivastok
Not only, you included Finland to Scandinavia.
But there is no word to describe them all - I have problem with nose
They just see the immigration thing and don't give a fuck about rest.
Snowberry - actually not a real berry or anything but it’s the name of a delicious ice cream flavour and I always thought it was the most beautiful Estonian word
Horilka, which is a Ukrainian word for vodka,more specifically percivka which is horilka with chilli pepper and spices, I never tasted it since I don't drink, but they say it's great
But to answer your question, Germany and France are really big for europe
A grandma and a grandchild once saw a man with very brown skin, just red underwear who was walking very weirdly
To be fair, less than a century ago both were a part of the same empire
Why I go Prague and never visit Karl bridge or that famous clock of theirs
You're not going to be stopped by police during your grocery shopping (in fact seeing police is very-very rare here)
Could be because we insist on using as many vowels as possible in Estonian and therefore in Estonian accents of every other language.
Estonia has potential with wind, though, due to its geographic location by the sea
The second biggest town Tartu has recently lost its dialect, due to already being [on the dialect border] and due to having a huge student population (
The problem is not that the healthcare isn't universal, the problem is that the healthcare is monopolized and de-regulated - because of that it is ridiculously expensive
The "question" here is whether this is an exclusively Scandinavian ship or was this kind of ship used by many peoples at the Baltic Sea.
There are both trains and buses, but my commute to the bus stop / train station is like half an hour walking and I would get tired doing that every day, so I mostly just do it on weekends in the summer.
I don't know, the place where Russian aristocrats and Tchaikovsky for example used to vacation?
But really, do you think you are going to Eastern Europe when coming to Estonia?
In fact most of my friends are girls
Apart from Italian cities, I never had such problems in any big European city
I don't really know whether names like "Karl-Erik" or "Toomas-Hendrik" or "Pille-Riin" are considered two names or one name by law
What next, somebody hijacking a tram?
That was a serious question, not a caricature.
If Sweden changed its tax policy, then it wouldn't be Nordic anymore??
Haapsalu is a summer fling thing indeed, but it's not particularly richer because of it - it has basically nothing going on in the winter.
Especially for border regions, it can be just a strategical choice once in a while to visit the other country and buy products that are cheaper there
I think we got the best deal out of this of them all
It is democratic socialism that sits on the absolute edge of what is mainstream.
Is eating unpeeled, skin-on potatoes a thing in your country?
This sounds like Stockholm syndrome.
And Afghanistan was a legal war, don't forget that!
Even fewer use them
It is perhaps only slightly more intelligible than Finnish, but we have more experience with hearing Finnish here in Tallinn, so I think I understand Finnish slightly better than Seto.
instead of "give an example" we say "bring an example", since thats how it's said in estonian
bats are called *nahkhiir* (leather/skin mouse)
Two reasons - smartphone era in US started almost immediately as first Iphone was released
Communism *is* inherently totalitarian and inhumane
So, London becomes Londres, Beijing becomes Pékin, Leonardo da Vinci becomes Léonard de Vinci, Karl der Grosse/Carolus Magnus becomes Charlemagne (that one even spread to English!), ...
First thing I noticed
insert "in soviet Russia" joke here.
10 years ago there were a couple hundred black people living in the country
20-30k yearly salaries are a norm even in Western Europe, in Eastern Europe it's often only 10k. 100k salaries are almost unachiavable for regular employee, not even for highly qualified IT specialists, you either have to move to leading position in a company, or start a business
Most of the Soviet occupation was quite uneventful, especially the 1950s-1970s.
It's the same with the Netherlands, which everyone here calls Holland.
USSR made demands to Finland and still invaded it multiple times, yet this pinko defends them wholeheartedly
Lithuania is a Catholic country that was once part of the  Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and became Christian voluntarily
She basically represents the last twitches of the dead empire
There are maybe more but I do not remember all
Life has been pretty crap for most of the time in history so there are probably just two options for me
This is all of course not true, they would have gotten their citizenship long ago when they would have wanted it.
It's a sense of common group belonging, either due to common language (ethno-linguistic group), common religion (ethno-religious group), common regional identity (ethno-regional group) etc
Cars start making sad noises below 20, but they almost always work too
Putin does, and unfortunately it's all that is needed for Lukashenko to hold his power
That is - to get the money the military people had to sign papers they leave for good.
Add to it heavy Soviet anti-religion policies from the 1940s onwards and you have yourself a society where religiousness is seen as an oddity - a respected oddity, but an oddity nonetheless
There is no relevant truly pro-Russian movement in Estonian politics.
Your 100th birthday logo is really clever [ours] is quite boring IMO.
As I said - "a lot of them probably won't", meaning some will, but I suspect most won't apprehend them.
Trees everywhere, can confirm
I really like buildings from that time
It was often sang as a protest to soviet rule and it was considered to be made the official anthem in the 90s.
I'm guessing the realist here would potentially be "New Democracy".
land vehicles are more rare, but my school is near a base so I see them more often than most would (but still only every other month or so).
We have sauna culture just as old and original as yours, yet we get labeled "fake something we never claimed to be"...
Also all of the stores keep eggs on refrigerated shelves
" **§ 1
Again hydro, because hydro is the only on-demand renewable energy
A 3-5 bedroom apartment in/close to city centre or a house a bit away from centre
"more than 20 million people faced the threat of starvation and famine in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan and Nigeria."
Dunno, feels more like a matter of taste
Here in Estonia clubs are open till 4-5 in the morning
It is more about being very connected to the sea and having a certain melancholic tone in our cultures
We say it in Estonian too
It was around zero yesterday and -20 today, but absolutely no difference for me inside
mmm no, not with cheese
Alternatively you can also load money on your Ühiskaart or just hold a debit or credit catd against the chip reade
Exactly, that's what the hype is all about.
I live in the countryside, so they are unheard of.
It made no conscious decision to legalize homosexuality in 1922
Estonia is Eastern Europe, but Bulgaria is Balkans.
Some of the most important ones (with subtitles as the top comment in the video) include:
Maybe it was produced 1962 :), I have no idea
Words you never want to hear as an Estonian
In English you have different prepositions like into, in, from, on etc, while in some languages (especially in Finno-Ugric languages and Basque) instead of prepositions you use declination on the noun/name to give meaning to the expression, like:
A Hiiu woman, a Saare woman and a black woman are giving birth, but due to an accident, the children get mixed up in the hospital.
Same for HS2 in the UK
of course
Same in estonian we have only TEMA
I still get some western people explaining to me how life was in Soviet Union
> The two biggest are probably whether potato salad should or should not contain mayonnaise
So considering you have the Kingdom of the Netherlands, which includes the Netherlands and three other constituent countries, do you also have a name for purely the mainland Netherlands, which excludes the Caribbean Netherlands as well?
I looked at the Estonians and was surprised not to see Arvo Pärt there, though according to wikipedia "Pärt has been the most performed living composer in the world for five consecutive years." But maybe "fame" means not what I think it means.
So can the farmer be like "this sheep cost me one million billion dollars"?
Also because Trump basically wants to give the Baltic states to Russia, we really really can't support him.
An intelligent statesman with wide political support and a with good grasp on how a ceremonial president can improve the country's image internationally.
As if you didn't have any Slavs ;)
Tallinn and Harjumaa in general are thought of as arrogant urban people who have traded their “Estonianness” for success, while Tartu is thought of the city of intellectual bohemians
I wonder, does this visit change her outlook in the coming elections in any way?
Estonian government now has 2 ministers who did not vote for a petition that remembered those deported by soviets in June 1941
It sounds a lot stronger when spoken in a Romance language
Aren't they outside Schengen and Eurozone areas like the UK?
This is exactly why I support Rail Baltica, which has become quite controversial in my country
Poland, or any non-European country of similar size
Considering that what most think as Nordic is just "Scandinavia-related", meaning Scandinavia or non-Scandinavian places with strong Scandinavian influences in history and culture.
* One fell because they fixed food prices during hyperinflation, which did lead to food stamps
Tartu very educated people since its a university town
Thousands of advertisements on roadsides, few meters apart from each other
Well, GDP per capita gives an approximation about living standards in a country.
I loved the Imperial War Museum, the National History Museum though I got completely lost in
In Finnish it means "to rape".
It's in genitive case as all locality names in Estonia are in genitive case and therefore ending with a vowel, with Tallinn being the only exception since 1920.
I don't hate Russians
But to get to all these European connected railways, you have to repeat this trick 2-3 times I think
Don't forget to share your impression ;)
I'm sure Russian migrants in the US are a different thing than in Estonia.
Pretty much everyone does it, but no one looks the bus driver in the eyes while doing it
Yeah, we usually call them Sasha
I just like to listen to angry Russians, other than that i don't like other languages
So what makes the central party a pro-russian party, other than they are friendly to Russian speakers?
Russian is not my native language and I do understand Bulgarian.
Words you never want to hear as an Estonian
my dad even gets annoyed if people step too far from the door with their shoes on
When the Winter War started Estonian politicians were actually naive enough to believe we had picked the right option(Soviet bases were in Estonia at the time but the country was still technically independent).
But you were in a slightly better position to begin with.
Now Fyromians are of slavic origin (slavs came in the balkans about 1000 years after the ancient Macedonian kingdom) living in lands with no connection to ancient Macedon, until 1945 they were not even called "macedonians" and here we are discussing if the ancient macedonian history is "their own".
Latvian has macrons for every vowel besides "o".
But for a few weird hours there will be a lot more people at the latvian-estonian border as all of 400k residents of Tallinn will appear there
Just another article that equates "migrant-bashing" with criticism of migration, skipping the whole "cultural" criticism part altogether and just calling it racist.
Veri similar tuu tii finnis languidz
You obtain identity with other people of that same ethnicity if you interact with them in that new country.
They are afraid of the unknown consequences of ignoring the result of a referendum, but at the same time the idea of staying in the EU still has some support.
Would of been awkward if Germany was red for the Jews question, just saying
It's common in the suburbs here as well.
> at least 3 more years
I think that NATO is our ally not just US so I wouldn't like them to have seperate bases here
Estonia with it's 14% religious people is much less religious than the USA with its 66%.
Russia: We are sorry for all the idiots who think that everything from the east sucks
I honestly thought this was only a thing in movies.
Thank you
I have only driven the old, Soviet-age Russian cars.
"Džon meid his vei tu ei tävern fruu ze dark forest, õunli tu faind aut zät hi forgot ze mani
Now it's rare
Sometimes it's even shorter when we see another Estonian: "In every port
Simply being religious isn't, but talking about your faith in public probably isn't going to make you very popular in most circles.
Plus the current system doesn't take progress into account.
Beautiful
I think the little strips on the side of some roads are ment for bikes but other than being not marked, very narrow and not seperated by anything other than some pain on the pavement they also arent designed to be navigated in a logicaõ fashion
Makes sense, not sure what NI protestants think they are, to the everyone else they just seem ridiculous
Ants
Politics 101: How to deal with populist anti-establishment movements - include them into the coalition government.
For the entirety of the 2 days
This is why I love my country
We got it fair and square with vodka
I heard you are lacking diphthongs in Poland!
Tallinn in particular is really becoming Western-like in terms of costs for sure
I don't even think we should be using it diplomatically.
Onko Suomessa vielä kuuluisia virolais-suomalaisia?
Or he did exploit something
Well it's clear we have won with diphthongs.
Half of a store, its a tiny version and a place to pick up stuff from there Web-store
That's very rich coming from u/HyperTxtPreprocessor.
Hiiel praegu ei saja ka
I have relatives working in Estonian healthcare and know pretty well that their pay is not nearly good enough for the amount of work they do
Yet when I made an analogy that was supposed to be just as stupid and compare you with another unrelated group, you think it's "hard to find any resemblance"???
The thing is, it's already over 90%, so we're hitting limits on how much we dislike your country's foreign policy
Most people seem to think estonia has wifi everywhere and even the woods
I rather really ask questions and wait for why the person would think so.
and a large Nato pressence does little for the people in those countrys
You see, this is why people think you are nazis.
As long as we are independent and democratic, there isn't much to complain.
The graphic seems to suggest so through the coloring of "smaller left-wing parties" :)
Most importantly - Scotland would become a totally new sovereign political system.
while there you can expect to take a 20-40km trip to go to a store/school or use an ATM
Hopefully no one from Estonia voted for this bullshit, but if someone did - they are not going to get my vote in May
It really doesn't feel like it's really hit us as hard as it actually has
Because that expression carries unfair connotations.
>a dominant force in Europe
yes in russia they just disappear or epstein themselves
not wrong I guess, but you don't need a visa to pass through if you stay less than 3 days
Of course it pleases you to hear that "both sides are equally guilty" nonsense.
But it is more of a sportswear thing and generally europeans dress "smarter" on the streets and don't wear sportswear unless well doing sports
TIL Light beer is something entirely else than what I thought it was
"Ugh, their cottage is in Kapa-Kohila, I cba driving there every week
I'm ex-citizen of Soviet Union and I lived considerable part of my life in Soviet Union
Belarus too lately, because Baltic countries kind of formed an united bloc to contest the recent election results there
"Small Pakri" is bigger
Doesn't mean they are Scandinavians...
According to the regional GDP per capita Warsaw is richer than most of Norway.
When going up, some kinda manage to get by in Finland but in Sweden we're screwed without English
We say nojaa or nojah or alternatively no nii
my dad taught me the palm slap game but i never really saw anyone my age play it
that doesn't negate the fact that Russia recognizes more languages that most countries, especially the Western ones
As it is with most "beauty" I think
com
All store and restaurant workers speak English.
It is a separate country, but the border between England and Scotland is not an international border ;)
For example if the Tsar came up with a law, it would be really difficult to enforce it in whole Russia.
These are ethno-linguistic groups, so these ethnicities are defined by language
By letting the Polish submarine Orzeł crew escape from Tallinn in 1939, the Soviet Union found a good excuse to put a part of it's army on the Estonian soil
Your money is always welcome here though
Estonia was very very good at wrestling too between the two wars, 5 gold, 1 silver and 4 bronze medals between 1924 and 1936
Tallinn and Tartu generate too much negativity
Ain't no patriotic conservatives going to vote for them in the next elections...
And thousands of africans who try to flee to Europe and often die in sea for it, probably just want to go on sightseeing tour, right
Baltic port - Paldiski
*cough cough* estonian city *cough cough*
Stop supporting the authoritarian regime then
Another question on top of OP's, how do you start the game
The whole mess would be better just bulldozed
Meanwhile, totalitarian dictatorships like Turkmenistan or North Korea
(Might be because when we were being occupied by the russians we had to secretly keep our nationality alive somehow) But everybody buts a flag out on our independence day and whenever there’s some kind of war related memorial date
Sometimes I do
Against *uninformed* direct democracy
palju on neid nimesid mida ammu ei kasutata enam
After all your lot pretends that this is a huge evidence toward Russia didn't do nuffing so just killing that poor SOB would have prevented all that
This is definitely not endemic to Estonia though.
Isn't Montenegro like way closer in its joining process?
1st grade was on morning schedule, but grades 2-4 were daily schedule.
Yep, now you are getting it
*Estonia wants to know your location*
But I didn't know they'd be regarded as fast tbh
A little known factoid about the October Revolution is that it was in fact Tallinn that was the first town to be taken over by Bolsheviks, two days before the revolution in Petrograd.
They have a shitty job, so it's fine if they don't smile and sometimes smirk at you.
I don't know about all the groups, but Finno-Ugric tribes are constantly persecuted in Russia.
Rye and berries probs
This Northland vacation is starting to get too long, we should start gathering our horde and invade Europe like in the good old days.
Russian wikipedia is pretty extensive and very good for topics like science, geography, biology
Funny, for me personally it is French
Who even claimed that social democracy is totalitarian like communism
I don't think you understand how the world works
However, the preambula can be taken as a sort of poetic first article and is considered a very important part, as it essentially states the reasons for the existence of Estonia
And I've lost my hope to see a harder snow at the forthcoming weeks
Kunda is also a name of an Estonian town.
Finnish Y is pronounced like Ü in Estonian and German.
I went to school in Soviet Union and what we were taught during history classes was quite bad
[Väike-Õismäe] is also quite bad, but some others are slightly better, like [Mustamäe] or [Pelguranna] even though they partly have older [still Soviet era] buildings
The new law of citizenship stated, that only people who lived on the territory of the first Estonian Republic and their descendants are citizens of Estonia, everyone else has the possibility of naturalization which requires living in the territory of Estonia for at least 8 years and passing both an Estonian language and Estonian history exam
nothing worse than freezing your tits off while watching the sunset at 3pm lol
I have a friend exactly as you described.
The Paris Climate Agreement is about money, not about climate
kremlin bots hard at work
Everything depends on how much you spend on food, fun and heating etc, but it's an estimate
Growth will of course slow down the closer we get, but yeah, catching up to a reasonable degree within a few decades isn't something Utopian anymore
If the surrounding buildings are still like that there, this looks so out of place
The situation is very much the same, it is ridiculous that you are trying to deny it!
I'm sorry but what sort of heavy lifting has the States done in recent decades?
Võhma is worse tho
Hilde, yes, but that's generally a girl's name if used
Though more seriously, in terms of advancing education in Estonia, I really gotta rep my man [B. G. Forselius] here
The tiny coastal towns are actually my favourites, but you can only reach them with a car or bus, so this might be too much hassle for a short stop
I love every kind of fish sandwich
- MH17: 193 Dutch citizens (incl
Always great to see brothers on top together.
Nope
i think
There are actually 12 towns in  Luxembourg
Of course it is - Estonians had a bigger population than Finns up until the Livonian War.
Some facts are certain though:
Yup, hyphenation is optional, but öötöö is a legit word though, doesn't even need a hyphen, literally the word for night-work/nightshift
The concept of Baltic states did not exist back then
You do need 2-5 klicks and and a pin to sign it and a further three klicks to send an e-mail with the file, but I'd say that about equals grabbing a pen, signing it manually and taking it to a fax machine
Oh, and did you know that in the meanwhile, neighbouring Russia will keep polluting like there's no tomorrow, and we will probably just buy dirty electricity from there instead because we still need power, only the money will now go to a foreign country
These etnic Russians can't help it that their parents and grandparents were replaced there by Stalin.
He refers to the typical Russian bullshit of "evil west expressing deep concern about Russia massacring civilians and thus creating irredeemable suffering and pain among the Russians, what they will never forgive".
I think New Zealand is a really good bet to most of the british isles
Not for anymore, because communism
You guys actually belive china
If u are under 20 u can also get free transport in major cities
I am sure Trump didn't actually
Estonian saw a lot of [*ex nihilo* lexical enrichment]#Ex_nihilo_lexical_enrichment) in the late 19th and early 20th century.
We don't have trains going directly to Latvia and Latvian trains are horrible.
Putin as a Finnish is even more of a meme or conspiracy, but in actuality his ancestors come from Tver region, which is close to Moscow and quite far away from Finland
The small thumbnail looks like the sea waves on the [Estonian SSR] and [Latvian SSR] flags.
Especially some Western youths, who have never seen these realities.
[Olde Hansa]#tbm=isch&q=olde+hansa+tallinn) is a cool medieval-styled restaurant in Tallinn.
We call it viht
People will be far more surprised if they find out that you do variuos religious things and go to church often
Many comments right now are by people coming over from these far left subs it was crossposted to
Kui palju 20 aastaseid Aadusid või Salmesid sa tead
Melenchon feels like a very marginal politician to me at least, someone who could never win the elections unless due to some really extreme circumstances.
I'm guessing that the number really doesn't go over 60-70.
Very few European nations do that anyway.
In Estonia I like the A Le Coq ones the best.
I am an Estonian, who grew up in a [75% Russophone district] of Tallinn.
Notice that this is per entire country, we have 30% Russian immigrants thanks to the Soviet occupation...
It is not about climate change
The last one has straight lines, therefore rather arbitrary.
Appology accepted as you seem so nice
Also wages are lower so that also isn't a reason
"Instead of solving real problems"
I guess I’ll just remain faithful to our meatballs and smoked flounder with glorious potatoes
Finland- cold on the streets, warm under the sheets and sauna
Probably at the beginning of 20th century when we fought for our independence(estonia) from Russia
Happy independence day, Ukraine
Well yeah, but that is sort of given with different language groups.
And Russians
Do you get some unexplained longing for it or not?
Tbh Switzerland, because it kina looks like an octopus in the middle of everyone else
Thy also both have their very own ballet style
small
The point being that Baltics refuse to become a Russian-speaking region just because a foreign occupying regime tried to turn them into one
This law sounds like it was lobbied by credit card issuers or processors to push out other cheaper payment methods
yes
They should integrate it with literature, history, social studies and maths etc
I agree if I first saw this in my news it sounded like the dumbest thing ever
It’s us, not them, who are in a bubble."
I mean, it used to back when it was inhabited by Swedes, but not anymore
Most countries don't even recognize their actual crimes under international law...
The label doesn't even touch Tunisian territory.
It's seen as a period in European history, almost completely unrelated to anything happening Estonia at the time.
After a few minutes I could already understand her, but right at the start I just couldn't.
Truly hope it will never come again, it's not worth it.
The ENSV flag, cuz hammer and sickle
You believe in some fairy tale without any evidence.
If I learned an American had Estonian roots, I would definitely be interested.
Basketball probably beats football in this field.
Plus not all family members have their vacations on the same time.
Doubt it's standard equipment
Hmm
Kaelkirjak- (this one has 2) neck spoty or neck typie (giraffe)
Yeah, we have that too as you would have seen from a further comment if you read it.
His parents fled the Soviet "Union" during WW2
Russian occupation didn’t affect our cultural identity
And Toronto used to host the biggest Estonian community abroad from about 1960 to about 2000 when Helsinki took over
I do know there are some hermits who are happy to live in a hut
You fall into a deep frozen depression, or entrepreneurship :D
Petersburg metros, they’re like a work of art
Things change fast in times of revolution...
Well to call a language archaic and irrelevant is just too far fetched for me.
You gotta love a good clickbait tho otherwise you're not a reliable new/s source :)
No thanks, we are already melting with 25C
The UK does have a constitution...
Estonia recently had a Minister of Foreign Trade, who didn't speak English
Finnish TV is why the guys from Tallinn got the chance to make them and go wild, but it was part of the Perestroika thing ordered from Moscow.
Easter and Christmas are still celebrated by most though, but it is more of a cultural thing nowadays than religious
Uhh, either pärnu or tartu, they are already big cities
Mida vittu - what the fuck
Because they're afraid that if you look at one long enough it would turn them too.
3 TWh, 17
Poor integrations is pretty ambigious, I have to say this explicitly, that some just don't want to integrate.
Yes they are sold here as well and a few of the people who have built a new kitchen in the last \~10 years do have one, but most people find it unnecessary
It leads to being too rigid and not open to change and innovation
Wouldn't say it was a massive topic in school history lessons, but it did have it's own part in textbooks
It has never formed a strong part of our identity, especially as it was brought here by crusade and was often a sign of foreign rule
Thing is that Iran is cooperating with Russia and Saudi Arabia is in general an ally.
What is the qualification of calling someone a refugee here?
Not directly because of the Allies winning but because of how the war ended up and what followed after that the countries of Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland exist today
[Petseri County] was stolen by Russia in 1945.
"[Have you personally bought alcohol from Latvian border shops in the last year?]" (Map)
We have (or at least used to have) a lot of German origin names and some of their key features are not pronounced the way Germans pronounce them, like:
They have just managed to hide it very well.
I get all the negativity about Clinton, but I still can't see in what Universe is Trump better...
We are cautious about Russia and we talk about it sometimes, but we're not "literally shitting our pants" like some foreign articles make it seem like.
Very difficult to say, probably nobody from politics.
But as we are a small country, I think the main difference is that you don't know so many people personally, and therefore it is more difficult to organize many things
For example te median net worth of an Australian is ten time the median net worth of someone in the US.
FYI Eastern Europeans had to put up with restrictions on work, within EU, for years.
Åland Islands are awesome
But then your claim is just a guess
We still have *some* dialects, like the Hiiu and Seto dialects, but mostly just one unified language
Which, might be a suprise, is a European language
It is dominating population- and economicwise, but not in other aspects.
They can also teach philosophy, often if the school has one, it also has the other
With the Russian Empire and the Danish, Swedish etc powers, a bit.
Without the HDP, which seems extremely unlikely.
Official translation:
That's idealistic, by the time you work out on your words the man influenced by the propaganda can be already in Syria and already blown himself up.
I would beg to differ, no estonian sees Soviet Union as a point worth refering to.
Independence had been declared on 11 March 1990
Although it sort of lacks in logic, doesn't it?
Well, the same pattern does, but it was used by Latvian students in Tartu, who popularized it among Latvians.
Ah, the benefits of not having such a shitty healthcare system
But still, I don't think we can accurately recall the 90s as we ourselves were not in the same position 25 years ago
Because it was the biggest city and generally already considered the main city of estonia
Plus the person talking is obviously British talking english while Channel 1 usually translates everything into Russian,
Fucking wankers
The system must be changed because it is being abused and frankly isn't working, has nothing to do personally with either Italy and Greece.
Frying pan: 33-40+
Estonia is in lock down, how does he not care
It's usually broadcasted when we have someone decent participating.
They are rather considered as the disgusting reality we live in.
Walk off it and you'll find plenty of good restaurants where a beer wont cost 6€+
Judging by the usual comments on delfi (estonian The S*n) i'd assume 99% of estonians can't pay their bills
Indeed, it's a Christmas dish here as well.
For example Žorik, in Tallinn
There is only one possible situation where cheese won't go on top and that's when there's tomato slices included
Greeting each-other in the apartment building has even survived in the Soviet blocks
I didn't really find it offensive, I guess I don't really look Estonian (more southern Slav) so people were more likely to assume I am not an ethnic Estonian
Asian in an interesting way
* One fell because married PM danced & kissed with one other girl and resigned
The real question is what concessions are we willing to make for that goal
Germany: Failed pro-Soviet November Revolution of 1918 -> Hitler 1933
[Rather more] plus this list doesn't include all of them.
Well, it's kinda hard to do when both sides tried to not let the other sides propaganda thtough
B I G   U K R A I N E
Besides, when winter came, I had to insulate the crappy windows (especially the balcony door) so I wouldn't have constant 10 degrees Celsius :D
Even up until today, more Estonians speak Russian than Russians speak Estonian.
It's interesting how I'd never heard of "lumi hakkab kokku" (snow sticks together) until I heard it on the internet.
But when speakers of dialect speak the standard version of the language, they usually still have an accent.
Iceland: we all know that Iceland was the first to recognize Estonias re-independence and we salute you for this
never seen ads, but in general, the "there are kids starving in africa" is a very common thing to say if your child doesnt want to eat their food
Just pointed out the truth chief
idk man
Probably done during maintenance when the seats weren't inside anyway or before the seats were installed into the plane at all
Isn't Djibouti known for hosting military bases from all over the world, often from opposing countries?
And you are right, they can't resist the influences of Russian sphere and are becoming assimilated to Russia.
It will in the future since most countries are becoming more liberal and globalized
It is used for *gastarbeiters* that usually have some blue-collar job, most commonly in construction, in Finland (in rarer cases, Sweden, Norway etc) so they constantly ferry back-and-forth
I enjoy our traditions and food
The defining question of our generation
Wow, looks like the window was closed on one side of the room
25% Russians + another 5% Russophone.
Anyways, nice map
\[3\] \[...\] **It is now devoted to the Holocaust and Lithuania's occupations by the Germans and the Soviets
Well yeah, pretty embarrasing when you claim "oh everyone here supports the independence
Perhaps, but in today's world it would get horribly vague and arbitrary.
We only have handcraft classes where boys do wooden stuff and girls cook and knit
The last I knew was Nantes
Tulemasin - fire machine (lighter)
Our previous President [Toomas-Hendrik Ilves] was born in Stockholm to Estonian emigres and grew up in the United States and is a US citizen
i'm going to try my best, but sorry if the explanation is confusing
i think its perfect the way it is
And you definitely have quite big areas where there is literally nothing but nature - judging by google maps there are ares of 100+ km between roads with nothing but swamps, planes and hills there
When I was a little child me and my family used to live in Austria and the only 3 places I had ever been to where Estonia, Austria and the Canary Islands
That is the best solution for peace.
§ 50
Non-communists usually don't care about such communist nuances
The connections there are in ones mind, the memories, the habits - they all play a great role in this
I've done it 3 times over 2 years
sorry for the bad joke
You're thinking of alpine skiing.
And I am talking about work days(gotta have that full 8h sleep before work), on weekends of course time schedule is different
They were really beautiful, thoroughly enjoyed my stay there with all the hikes in the mountains and valleys.
Wish we used the bolshevik way to deal with monarchs
Either case, our Nordic/Northern identity has very old roots - it's definitely older than subjecting it to Internet memes would suggest
We need whole world moving there
I think they're a good representation of new age folk-pop music
What are the relations between Slovakia and Hungary like nowadays
The description of Slovakia was somewhat what I was thinking in my mind - what would be a "slovak" thing
Remember watching nu pogodi over and over again when I was younger.
You can be charged even for having an open bottle in your hands
I had to cross three borders within one day of driving and one border the next day, while every crossing took like half an hour.
Estonians tend to be a bit cold towards strangers and our history is 90% about suffering as slaves/peasants and the other 10% is us recovering from the soviet Union and e-nation
Definitely wont let my kids do something so stupid lol
The media is the "Fourth Estate", but because the Heritage Society has such a strong power, it can be seen as the "Fifth Estate", especially among those who have real estate in these neighborhoods.
We're used to it, but more importantly, we're equipped for it - clothing for being outside and heating+insulation for being inside
Yeah, I do believe I can find something interesting in every country
Also our knowledge of the Teutonic Order is rather limited to its Livonian branch
And also Soviets didn't shy away from terror based on ethnicity, since many ethnicities were seen as fifth column of hostile forces (sounds familiar, doesn't it
From memory, it was mostly the Tatar families who tended to speak Tatar at home, so the trick didn't apply to them
If it's could and liked, then there is no such thing in Estonia.
i hope people dont find ways to abuse it
I wonder if Japan looks so small and weird because it was very isolated at the time
Well, “Türa” means basically fuck and “Lits” means bitch, so from “Türa lits” we get “Fucking bitch”
Thats why the democrats are worried because they only have 3 supreme judges in the Supreme court.
A quick look at wikipedia showed that the Pirates, the NPD have never been in the BUNDESTAG.
Sober people also sing at day time when dance and song celebration takes place
I'm really sorry to be overly pedantic, but you just can't dispute the fact that _less than 50% of Crimean Tatars_ supported Crimea joining Russia.
Defense works only if it's planned in advance.
Also I'd say Ida-Virumaa and maybe Saaremaa
Garlic bread is available in every pub, while fried small fishes can be found in many places, including festivals indeed.
Uh, no, from Estonia as well
Definitely not too emotional :D
If our people have gone to work there, they've mostly retained their homes in Estonia and many have returned.
Russian matryoshka dolls and Baltic amber jewelery are ridiculously popular in souvenir shops, despite not being a thing in Estonia.
To simplify just a little, basically [every generation for a thousand years] has seen a Russian invasion/attack/occupation etc.
And i'm extremely annoyed because of it.
There is always a lack of doctors (GPs in particular) and teachers, also nurses and caretakers
Well if nothing gets us to the streets, then Russians will ;)
I wouldn't call myself a weirdo because of it, I think many Estonians think like that, especially those who are actually educated on such subjects.
Wow, what you've described is eerily similar to what I had in shool in Estonia
Tõde ja Õigus
Im reading about this event for the first time and for some reason the Dutch commentators don't seem very positive about it - what is the reason
Maybe later when I start earning more than the minimum wage Ill try to pay, at my age it seems fair
Some people just look very Finnish.
Edit: *cough cough* shale burning *cough* CO2 *cough*
90 :)
Vielen Dank
One can find clips of such people in [this short film]
If it was in this area, there would be claims that "they are provoking Russia".
Winter time is awful
Our city accepted/accepts refugees and we had a Norwegian social workers who came here to lecture our people and share their experiences regarding the refugees.
That's the mainstream opinion, I guess.
There is a lot of flairless users, few of them posters of /r/europe, but a lot of them not and posting mainly in far left subreddits
And the mythology is similar
I understand that there is a difference between being financed by a foreign state and being financed by the home state in the language of the foreign state, but still.
I don't think they do, do they?
Be sure to max it out, though, whatever it is
for a while there was a print-out picture of a malnourished black child right above the food trash can at my school's canteen
Rent, utilities are not exactly cheap here.
Why should the forced labor be added on top of that
In the old english 'wer' meant 'man'.
We also spell it "idee" =D  plural is "ideed"
Of course they are entirely different things
I can see how this might be different in other post-Soviet states like Ukraine, Belarus the Caucasus states and even some parts of Latvia due to the different economic situation
Yeah I think they can sometimes have a slight culture shock at how distant and "cold" Northern Europeans are.
I thought you were talking about lack of online lectures, but this, this is next level
I'm an international relations major.
Here are some in English: [1] [2] [3]
It had the prefix "America" in the names of half the cultural groups...
It sounds like "eu" in "l'heure" or "œ" in "sœur" in french, just a bit longer and harder maybe
All the news about Russia, Putin or the EU got (and still get) couple of hundreds comments, while the articles about Bulgaria get just about 30-40.
Cheese under ham
There is really no reason to learn Estonian in Narva, for example, because
Both routes assume that you arrive at the ferries at the time of department
Presumably via German influence, Estonian also talks of a mother tongue and fatherland
I can't even tell the correct way right now
We were the first nation controlled by penguins
Russia- the food, the people, the culture
Well sure, [Saaremaa] [Abruka] [Vilsandi] [Hiiumaa] [Muhu] [Vormsi] [Kihnu] [Ruhnu] [Naissaar] [Aegna] [Osmussaar] [Prangli] [Pakri Islands] [Piirissaar]
Some post-socialist states had religious revival (Poland, Lithuania for example), some did not (Estonia, Czech Republic, Eastern Germany).
In 2007, Estonia's "national" Kalev confectionery changed their candy wrappers that had been used since the deep Soviet era.
The animal must bleed to death.
I know a guy who lived and worked in several EU countries and he is eligible to collect the pension (based on how much he worked) from each of those countries when he retires
I dont feel any common identity with other european countries especially western ones, we have nothing in common
I’m Estonian Estonian
or alternatively  you pay for it and get it immediately
Now they are trying to push some new name who is practically unknown to the public so far...
If it's private and it's just family/friends - yeah, naked
In Estonia you are 19 if you start uni right after high school and as Masters takes minimum 5 years it is basically impossible to finish uni before 24
That was an illegitimate referendum.
* Hoone/Huone (E: building/F: room)
So Google shouldn't have stopped funding sites that just make up things?
Same reason with Baltics, you start your usual USSR oppression and are mad when a bigger percentage join the Germans in the fight as Germany occupies the land from the USSR (some joined the Soviets, some joined resistance, some escaped to the West and some became also more or less paramilitaries for a third party as Finland might be considered)
I don't believe in this, with Hamon and Melenchon, it didn't work in Spain with Podemos and the radical left, even though Hamon is from the Socialists.
Or of any shooting for that matter
Well I'm glad to hear that =D
Does that make sense
If the criminals are better armed and outnumber me
Of course straight after the collapse of a shit system the things are even shittier for a short time.
Or that Gotland has disappeared
They participated in 53km hike.
Isn't that what I wrote though?
I think the most "awsome" way should be drowing in oil.
I first heard it watching clips of rally crashes
>were you can be more that a few kilometers from structures
I was going to go to sauna tonight
in our country
Swedish government isnt a credible source when it comes to migration.
well, true, but that one's quite easy to make on your own :p but I find Coca-Cola kinda creepy in general, with their only mildly questionable business practices and trying to sneak into local markets.
Is there any info on their ethnicity?
TL;DR We raise child soldiers but it's fun :p
And I'm speaking this as an Estonian
Literally
I don't think teachers should be focusing on tests at all.
Some of the formerly Southern Estonian dialect areas speak Standard Estonian, but they have slight intonation differences, as do the people on the Estonian islands:
If that was the case, there would not be any consequences of any major historical events, nor there would be any wars
In Estonia:
Thank god
We need to use every possible mean to influence others to do that too
So that's where my luggage went
It can be done here in Tallinn as well (if you have credit card with contactless payment enabled)
In Russian we have almost the same one
We even have a treaty demanding the return of those stolen in 1918-1919, but do they care?
ETV (Eesti Televisioon; Estonian Television)
What a lame excuse for a stupid comment
Yup
Probably the three most famous ones:
We are not slavs, very offensive
Easier to barter to get better deals if the other parties aren't united.
Asterix comics were so much fun
Almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter.
Our own troops
Tetra-Pak is not just paper, just so you'd know..
However NATO agreed, unfortunately only informally, not to expand further in exchange for East Germany becoming part of NATO during German reunification.
Welcome
The same rules apply as in any larger city, don't walk around sketchy neighborhoods with your wallet visible at night, and you'll be fine
But why not say the word "fuck" and show nipples?
The Estonian food is delicious.
OK, for us the Finnish versions are a lot easier, if not very easy to pronounce.
Hmm, I didn't really know that.
Well at least if you get a job it actually pays money not peanuts
If you're male, you don't have to serve in the armed forces.
People have gone missing, Multiple UFO sightings have been reported, compasses and GPS's can stop working
it also 'worked' in the Soviet Union the exact same way.
A neoliberal is still a neoliberal to me, speaking from a purely ideological perspective.
Norway and Sweden, with being the best land for hydro, has an oversupply of the on-demand capacity
/ Isnt that in Russia
Well, Portuguese does sound a bit like Russian.
Apart from Italian cities, I never had such problems in any big European city
Russia
Even those who do travel, usually go to neighboring countries with similar prices
I'm fine if the woman wants that voluntarily, to wear the veil, as long as it is only about her and no one else.
Rally driver accent is the best, for both Finns and Estonians!
33% is only a social tax
Some might still stay at home but some might radicalize
The two guys, who died in 2016, died during on a boat accident (or border guard and police are the same institution).
I live in a small village so I'm not the most Acostomed to city life.
>actively work with FAX machines
Oh come on, this subreddit cannot be filled with so many edgy teens, can it?
What a coincidence, I just posted one of those in /r/Europe
And how others should also get high speed internet in their homes
Pangaautomaat, translates same.
The rest of Northern Europe would then be in Northwestern Europe, which would be Scandinavia and Iceland basically.
Most of the people don't like it and are frustrated that it cost 200 000€ for some simple "paint skills".
The few dialectical areas that remain have rather distinct dialects usually too difficult to understand for Standard Estonian speakers, but they then switch to Standard Estonian as they all speak it as well, except for perhaps some very old people deep in the countryside
Is the communist party marxist-leninist, kinda suprised to see far-left party with such popularity.
Well it's just this odd phenomena of artists taking hours upon hours molding the breasts that by the time they reach the head, they are all out of creative juice
If [Edgar Savisaar] gets elected, I will move wherever the fuck he is not in power..
You tell me
now its one of mine as well
It had legit good songs then
Trick is not to drink so much that you have a problem.
An extremely religious and warm country with absolutely no Internet - our opposite country is Niger.
However, wind energy production is dependent on changing weather, which means there *must* be some stable power production to complement it as well
Would that be an even more refugee-friendly coalition?
I'm surprised someone asks this every time
Maris are less than 50% in their region, due to the successful policies of russification.
Most people seem to think estonia has wifi everywhere and even the woods
People just think that all of Russia is like the sad towns they see in Hollywood movies where it represents "where the bad guys live". Tourism-wise, I find Russia cool
The slang word *roti-* ("rat") is used for whatever is cheap, gotten for free or flat out stolen, especially if it's of low quality
It's a German name I believe, same root as John
I think that the word "kiisu"(cat) is kinda childish and "kutsu" (doggy )
I always put sour cream on sauerkraut soup though
Also there's a faster way to do this aswell with a car
It would have been without the Soviet bombing raid and anti-heritage preserving policies.
Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria.
Isamaa (Conservative Party)
Which in this case should exclude Denmark, Iceland and the Faroe Islands, right?
I got called out for it yesterday lol - was in an online race, translated an English sentence into Estonian very literally and it did not sound great at all
[Sõit]
In class we learn to cook, knit, sew, crochet, do embroidery and practice calligraphy
Finland, genetically linguistically and culturally
The places I lived at the capital had no problem with tap water
Famous French politician told  that "we missed perfect opportunity to shut the fuck up"
Not like it's been played out since April
The switch is just as stupid here
Thanks, EU
I lived in a house that was only about 60 years old, but my great grandmother and my two unrelated grandmothers lived in the [Kiltsi manor]#/media/File:Kiltsi_m%C3%B5isa_peahoone_16079_(3).jpg), which is multiple centuries old.
I grew up with Moomin books and anime
You can take a 2h [train] to Tartu
Crimean Tatars accuse Russia of kidnappings and political arrests
Finnic languages do love their vowels and double vowels are very common.
You're retarded, aren't you
Yes, this
They helped us during our independence war
If you aren't a resident then you will have to put money on the card and the ticket price will be taken off the card when you put it to the card reader
Lusitania in ww1 kinda sorta fits this pattern too
I don't know if it's hilarious or just sad that people criticize the EU for its lack of democracy, yet fail to understand that their own countries are run in almost the exact same way.
It's the identity of the immigrant population, not the identity of the Native Americans...
Prefer songs from your own country, not translations with international tunes.
Some time ago i asked /r/suomi what language they speak in Estonia and a lot answered that they use Finnish for simple conversations.
Do you harbor any real fears of invasion?
Or Turkey actually behind both Russia and Belarus
You should check what that is on the internet if you don't know.
Sometimes your vehicle was checked and everyone had to show what was in their bags, but sometimes you could cross without that.
Actual attempts always call for terror of the proletariat and all sorts of other nasty things like scapegoating
Just a very different subculture.
You have made an excellent choice
So which words are almost impossible for you to pronounce correctly, even if you try long and hard?
Ehm, there are places and beers where 8€ is a fair price, but most likely you payed that for a 20c to produce beer
Doesn't everybody know that what is "Holland" in their language is "the Netherlands" in English?
Depends on the level of integration.
I doubt that many people know the difference.
Have a look at the floor plan of [these apartments] for example
Yes it is so funny I even stopped watching The Tonight Show.
Even in this sub, I remember that I stopped visiting r/europe for 2 years, it was unbearable
And like that other person said the purpose was to find proof.
Disadvantages :
They're not doing it anymore now are they
Yet luckily the old town was more or less salvaged or restored.
I don't think you understand what the word "technically" means.
The word "saks" in Estonian, meaning "noble or upper-class person", comes from the same root as "sakslane", the word for German, because Estonia was ruled by German nobles for several hundred years
Well, the EU is supporting Rail Baltica to link Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania with the European network (we don't even have any other 1435mm railways yet
The USSR was undeniably the epitome of a communist state
Troops on horses were used, but they never charged tanks
Some false assumptions come up very often in this topic:
That point being it encourages the people
Except attacks are pretty easily detectable.
So yeah, I can say that in western europe it's pretty common theme
I really hoped the building would be demolished, but the practically pro-Soviet Tallinn Town Council decided to reconstruct the monstrocity.
"And then Russia invaded us (again)"
Probably the Russian occupied part
The comments under the trailer are pretty good
They are just misunderstood people forced to  join the SS
Just has this really nice vibe for me
Just that a democratic country is not automatically less corrupt, it depends on many different factoids.
"British people should think of integration as a "two-way street" and learn other languages"
BA-s in political science and law, MA in law.
The UK receives £2
Old stone houses with wooden doors on the other hand
Coming from a Portuguese family
They share most of these Uralic-based words, although very often with a slightly different meaning.
Tallinn genuinely is pretty much like Riga, only smaller
what the fuck are you smoking
We had very common St Martin's Day and St Catherine's Day traditions that survived well into the 1990s. They were very similar with Halloween as kids would go door to door and ask for sweets
Seeing my grandfather pass away after a long and painful disease, I am strongly in favor of it.
i think estonian has a word for that too
No private company or shop will ask for your ID, unless you ask for services or goods that require you to be an adult
Or Lesotho in Africa, which is a democracy but it is a dirt poor place?
If it wasn't for their resolve, the war would've certainly ended differently
Which must mean that education is getting shittier in this aspect.
What is your "WTF (another European country)!?!" story?
Cross country skiing, not some sliding down the hills.
Poland, or any non-European country of similar size
Some homophobic groups and some groups, who are very racist towards almost anyone other than Northern Europeans.
Not even with a Russian greeting.
i think i learned at 4 or so years old with side wheels and for my 6th or 7th birthday i got a "big kids bike" without side wheels and with gears, that i started learning to ride right away
It is not de jure illegal but around here de facto it absolutely is
That's the opposite of "mandatory". I would argue that the system in Sweden is one where almost everyone is willing to take the risk to have a safer society and it seems to be working well
Capitalism is the best model we can ever hope to achieve
Maybe the Lasnamäe region of Tallinn
We had our own ss division
Historically the period under the Swedish Empire is literally still called "the good Swedish time" here centuries later
More Northern than Denmark and more Western than Finland.
In a time where environment is being prioritised, this should be a no-brainer
For people who have their own house, owning a flag is probably more common than not (judging by the # of flags I see raised on flag days)
TIL all Poles are Nazis because of the German occupation.
Literally every third former Soviet country is now an "enemy" for them
Zaragoza
Literally everyone moves from all around the country to the capital - Tallinn
In Madrid, it is illegal to sing or play instruments in the street for tips UNLESS you pass an exam the region's government.
Same in Estonia
Just waiting until we're officially announced to be part of the Mediterranean
Maybe, but they probably expected that 99.9% of immigrants to integrate seamlessly because the Western standard of living and values has more freedom and prosperity than the rest of the world.
Some people are just special snowflakes looking to get triggered by everything.
Pretending that Estonia doesn't have 30% Russian-speaking population, 85% of whom watch *only* Russian media, doesn't solve the problem.
PS: Thank you
Then in 1991 Estonia declared itself independent for the second time
This means she's forever seen as an unloyal stagnant of the old guard whose voice will never matter in Latvia
Iceland: we all know that Iceland was the first to recognize Estonias re-independence and we salute you for this
Btw, after a change in the law in 1995, all children born in Estonia after 1992 may obtain Estonian citizenship unconditionally
Honestly I haven't seen any news about that in Postimees nor ERR recently, neither in Russian nor in Estonian
There are also [Tallink] [Silja Line] [Viking Line] and in the summers also [Linda Line]
Also some locations are in English (Livonia/
Estonia is further north than Denmark, so I’m confused
Vitt (vitt-vitu-vittu) is another popular word and is used rather similarly
It weirdly bugs me that Lithuania "restored full independence", while Estonia and Latvia "declared the Soviet rule null and void from the beginning" in 1990.
Here in Estonia it's still e-post (e-mail) or simply "meil" (basically same as English "mail")
The real golden age is now though, Estonia and Estonians have never been in a better situation by a huuuuge margin
They are all Finno-Ugric languages, a subbranch of Uralic languages.
I don't think there are any restaurants where you can take them though.
I wouldn't consider such a person European, just like I don't consider most ethnic Russians in Estonia Estonians, regardless whether they were born here or not.
I wouldn't say nationalism is on the rise in Estonia.
It was less than exports to Czech Republic.
"never thought about just not being poor anymore"
I believe this is called a "joke".
Latvians do that to hide their sixth toe.
I have talked about this so much in Estonia, I thought that kind of classes don't exist
- Estonian Open Air Museum (Tallinn)
Idk about Moldova but Latvia is one of the baltics, post ussr countries and I heard from a Lithuanian that their rates were pretty high as well, it might have to do with that idk
So two days after the controversial **[Edgar Savisaar] was ousted** from the position of chairman of the long time pro-Russian political pariah [Estonian Centre Party] with whom all mainstream parties refused to form a coalition together, the Social Democratic Party and the conservative Pro Patria and Res Publica Union (IRL) decided to **oust the Estonian Reform Party from government**, where they have been for **17 consecutive years**.
"We won the war
Looks like 2020 is going to be pretty darn solid
Russia/USSR did not wage a war against Baltic independence
It's not your historical territory, so why care?
Because I made an analogy that is supposed to be just as stupid as the original comparison?
I mean, how openly people confront religion nowadays is probably the real reason.
[These territories] and the [Treaty of Tartu]–Estonian\)).
I also hate all these English names with Estonian spelling, such as Kätlin (Caitlyn), Keit (Kate), Braian (Brian) or Mäddox (whatever this is supposed to be)
But we don't have more problems than the rest of europe.
It's more of the usual class warfare of more-or-less 1 guy vs the now growing opposition it has
I've usually been too busy with school at this time of year to have the luxury of depression.
I mean, the Lutheran churches look so plain for a reason, because they didn't like the concept of showing off.
I was visiting the buddhist monasteries there, definitely worth the trip.
Estonia is not on the map, but let me tell you, we would be on the top.
Indeed, although if I were to transcribe any other language, then I would use many double letters as well as that's just how I hear and distinguish them.
For some reason in the same group with Belarus and Ukraine.
Also in a place where they had like 25x25m snow pile and 25-28 degrees
I heard it's a pretty cool place
But we were actually "taken" by NATO according to Russia
invading a country that wants to use another currency for oil trading
Estonia only has one or two cities, most of the country is just small towns or empty forests and fields.
Hello, my name is John, it is a pleasure meeting/to meet you
I think Finland has more important problems in their agenda than same-sex partnership
Huh, where else are you supposed to put them
I wanna show the nation my appreciation
Indeed, ignorance is bliss
And this "supermajority" is what exactly?
Needs smaller, safer, lower maintenance and cheaper to install reactors
but our delicious blood sausages would surely attract huge crowds.
Friends mostly don't massage each other, not that it would necessarily be seen as a sexual thing, most likely people just like to keep things just a little distant here.
[Rail Baltic] should be under construction soon if it wasn't for those pesky Lithuanians with their absurd plans to connect the [Warsaw-Tallinn line with Vilnius]
1) no you can't, tomato sauce and cheese are the two toppings that have to be present to define a pizza, and 2) you're a fucking Italian, I'm pretty sure people are stripped from citizenship for saying something like that
Sometimes when I want to mess with my friends I approach them with a really serious look and ask them whether I could ask them a really serious question.
Does not matter - all channels are losing but ETV is still so much more popular that it is not even funny
Cursive
Oh one of those, we call them 'soome kelk' for fairly obvious reasons
Compare that to Tartu which has a classy and historical building (and it actually functions as a station
Oh I'm gonna b...[fake going into the tunnel sounds] ^^am ^^I ^^doing ^^this ^^right?
This is cross-country skiing, the original form of skiing.
I don't think my political views have changed much since I was about 12.
Yes, though we don't usually do it on a pan, many people have special sandwich maker  (mind you it's not a regular toaster), which allows to heat up sandwiches with filling
We are not slavs, very offensive
The article has the top picture with one such plaque with a full-blown Falange sign!
...and healthcare
Yeah the problem with French is that nobody really outside of France or Africa speaks it
Bulletproof BMW Used to Rescue Dozens During ISIS Attack
For example 527sq m house -
The mouse is under sanctions and due to its agressive behavior in Ukraine and Georgia.
The little dictators rant was amusing for a while but now he is getting out of hand.
You are welcomed to come live in our formerly Swedish-populated coastal areas ;)
Only in the case of where to live and raise the potential future children.
But then again, I commend heartily that Russia is now suddenly so keen of keeping international agreements and I hope that this vigilance and goodwill towards agreements is systematic and persistent.
Hell yeah we finally get some warmth too
> the farmer gets to set the price
In my seaside city apartment, none in the winter, but in the summer: mostly mosquitoes (and lots of them) in the evening and in the night and blow flies in the daytime.
Both the population and area sizes follow that too
You may take this subject but dont have to
But talking about the family, they didn't support the communist party thanks to that they didn't get a decent job and didn't get the permission to buy a car
Confirmed cases, rolling 7 day average, per million people
You're just wasting your own energy on a subject that doesn't really matter anymore
*Pede* is more like a "faggot", not just the neutral gay though.
The machines also have payment option, if you haven't paid online
But it's fun either way
Well I can't play games in estonian and finnish sounds so weird in video games so I'll rather play in english
About Skype - it was kind of a snowball starting an avalanche...
“Ära piilu” means “Don’t peek” or “Don’t look”,
Well they are just slang-like, not in common use.
Well thanks for that, but all credit goes to /u/r1243 who translated the speech to Estonian.
we never had one, I'm 16 and the parents never cared for baking/more elaborate cooking, plus electronic scales only became a thing around..
Not much, a traditional Estonian farm looks like [this]
I move around regular people circles
They are not NATO bases, but US bases, so they are not depicted on this map.
For some reason, it is still called "good ol' Swedish era". Oh, and sorry for burning down Sigtuna, unfortunately we cannot remember what exactly happened there anymore
I'll tell you when i see one
It's just that it costs less to keep doing what we do than build nuclear power plants I think
Yeah, not like southwest-Asia, but maybe some imaginary-Mongolia type of Asia
It is typical for these users that like to advance the Russian propaganda causes to praise the ironclad strength of ink on paper and fight against NATO having any sort of actual defense capabilities in the region insisting that ink on paper is more than enough.
1 religious person is too much...
i dont know that they'd go out and literally start fuel bombing the police though, no
No in the sense that we have have always felt the tension with Russia.
Please note that Estonian neiter has a j-sound as in ‘John’ nor a sh-sound as in ‘she’, therefore I used the foreign letter ‘ž’.
However, in Estonia the most interesting finds are:
Sure, I am not arguing that Russia is as strong as the USSR, I am not claiming that Russia could *easily* conquer Poland, but the issue still remains that Russia could try and they could succeed in that.
Why do you declare a new republic every time you change the constitution?
Vitt (vitt-vitu-vittu) is another popular word and is used rather similarly
Unbearable +30
Well, they didn't know how it was specifically called, did they ;)
>  If you learnt everything in a junior cert Irish textbook you would be very close to fluent and be quickly able to become very fluent
And Estonia and Poland and Lithuania.
Didn't we **[just] have this map??
Yep, location is [here] looking towards the Apteegi (Pharmacy) street
Not very widespread though
But it doesn't mean the party couldn't otherwise do a good job.
Well, sure that some were fighting solely for the purpose of keeping one's country under their own rule and perhaps, just perhaps there is a reason to call some of the Iraqis heroes because of that (but not Afghans because it was a legal war).
Im Estonian my country's history is full of suffering and shit
We can see high speed trains, but they operate between far bigger cities
Yeah, it is definitely subjective
Humans are social creatures, it's hard to have fun when you're all alone.
At least not in such scale as potatoes, so that you could eat them every day
There are two types of sandwiches:
People just think that all of Russia is like the sad towns they see in Hollywood movies where it represents "where the bad guys live". Tourism-wise, I find Russia cool
Kurat, sa oled noorem ja siiski ei tea mis toimus.
You have an agenda of diversifying up Europe, you're a masochist, that's why you're pretending that Asian steppe dwellers and Somalians are European.
I can't imagine many people in Estonia opting for that.
How is that different from today?
It isn't officially included because it's only used in a few words (like in Finnish)
Patriotism is definitely not viewed negatively here.
I really think it's my first when I have a little winter depression.
We still have a parliament and a senate, which make most of the decisions anyway.
We have a rather good education system and even though some secondary schools are considered better than others (to get you into a good Uni) , the main reason behind it is just that some schools can collect a higher proportion of highly motivated pupils, rather than these schools having tremendously better teachers
But you see almost nobody learns to speak a language in school, this applies to every language
Both are very different from English, so learning the basics of English was incredibly hard for me
Please stop upvoting
102yo as founded in 1918  its our independence day todayy
I'm in Estonia, and these are pretty much standard windows here
Scandinavia (Doesn't always include Finland but sometimes)
Oh, well that’s new
Ame, et korosu hale chiisai asi anata kutsud anatano eluks.
Turkey is in the EEA
>stock market crashes
Statistics don't agree with you, the prices levels are nearly the same, yet the pensions in Greece is smth like 800 euros, that's almost like our average wage,and our average pension is approx 330.
"Perseauk", "Türa lihtsalt minuga ei maksa norida (smth like that)" "Kusen su ema hauale"
It's not a real place, but it sounds like one, and it's usually used to mean a place in bumfuck nowhere - aka the smallest most random town ever
Metskits(forest goat)=Roe deer
Pärnu is the third biggest Estonian city
It differs a lot between the countries what "reserve personnel" means.
Average return on market over last 20 years is 10%. It's higher than average inflation (which is around 2-4%)
A lot of people don't realize that having kids is a choice and people do it because according to the life script, having kids is just something that you do.
This in turn has more to do with socio-demographic changes (old doctors die at quicker rates than new ones get their education) than anything else
Minorities usually live amongst eachother.
Weird to think that French Guiana is functionally an island within South America as it is bordered by mostly rivers with both Suriname and Brazil and no roads lead to the deep south.
why Igaunija
I look all worried and beg them not to tell anyone that I asked this.
But if I'd have to guess, then generally from about 17 degrees with "nicer" weather and low physical activity
I'm not sure how much the Russians understand us
Sure, but there will be a lot of 50% off goods that are good for another day.
Soviet "Union" too, maybe for some of the priginal members it was a Union, although even those were never elected in a democratic way, so even that is doubtful, especially considering the bolshevics lost the last election they fought in the Russian Republic
It is rather hard to understand if you haven't studied that time or weren't there then.
Mostly shared by other Estonians whenever the topic is IT
on aeg
Reminds me of the video for a Death Metal song ["Haavad Uulitsal" \(Wounds on a street\)
>Probably not the advertisement they wanted but, you know, at least it shows their clothes are probably durable and versatile
Say "formerly Soviet-occupied countries" if you so very will, you would most likely get tired of that soon, but at least that is the correct term.
Also, it's not entirely relevant if the Estonian expression is a derivative of the German one anyway.
Remember *Czech Hell*? Sounds equally bad, doesn't it
In Estonia the use of our flag is pretty excessive, which probably due to the fact that the display of the Estonian flag was strictly prohibited during Soviet time
This will be a perfect moment for UKIP to seize part of those voters, as has been discussed many times before.
Plus the older Old Believers in Estonia talk in a much archaic way than the Soviet-era Russian immigrants.
There are lots of Aados, Aadus and others in all ages
Students usually start learning English in third grade and Russian in sixth grade.
But "average" shows us that an "average" American is
If so then I'm against the agreement, surely.
I struggle to think of any problems **in Europe**, which boil down to "We have too many humans!"
But-but YOU ARE FINNISH
Vitupea was popularised by a short film and means fuckhead
*tugitoolisportlane* - "armchair athlete", but it has more a meaning of a sports fan without personal experience in the sport or any sport actually than a "know everything" kind of person.
and Putsi
In school, we did read some poems by Poe and maybe even something by Twain, but thats about it.
People who voted for Brexit or Trump are unintelligent because they fell for the propaganda.
US troops parading in front of Kremlin.
Doesn't that kinda make it
We don't hear too much about you guys here, so would love to have an opinion from you
The "average" wage is pretty deceiving, as it doesn't show divide between regions and different income classes
IMO there shouldn't be any audience at all.
Interestingly, *püss* ("gun") is colloquial Estonian for a hot girl ;)
Wouldn't a good example need to actually *exist*?
I know about Algeria being colonised by France (have read a lot of Camus)
Since when are "wrong vibes" a decent explanation for these sort of decision
What typical thing about your country and its people doesn't apply to you?
> Article 7 requires unanimity
Clearly you havent been to Baltics or Russia.
I'd think that an average graduate would earn 1300-1400 (after tax) in the first year after graduating, though the full range is of course very wide, some jobs can earn you twice as much, some might get you stuck at 900
Melenchon incoming to third place Mr.Fillon.
DAE Eastern Europe literally homeless??!
How many countries do you want to exclude before you admit that some have caught up with Western Europe?
I had two Roma girls on my course in university, one of them was even our course tutor, so quite popular.
Ida-Virumaa has by-far the highest crime rate by capita, and while it’s true that the total number of crimes in Harjumaa is higher, you have to account for the fact that Harjumaa’s population is more than 5 times greater
As we often took night trains like from 7 pm to 8 am, we really didn't have too much time enjoy the scenery etc
You should also tell your mom to acquaint you with the latest plane-related accidents in Russia.
Yeah the "palk" thing, didnt think of that
Your argument is shit, and it makes no logical sense.
Also quite clearly the post-socialist elderly is not that much into Internet.
About 30 states use a similar system, whether democratic or not.
Presumably via German influence, Estonian also talks of a mother tongue and fatherland
While there is some cultural cooperation between us, the Finnic and the Ugric languages are as distant as Italian and Latvian.
Croatian and Hungarian in Burgenland, Slovene in Carinthia.
The original lofi girl is already in France (Lyon)
You can also call the location "Pärapõrgu". This could be translated as Behind-the-Hell or The-Hell-Behind
But who's gonna have your back when it's all done (Yeah)
Well all Estonians know what [this] stands for..
Anyone with a spine would do
Estonians can be identified by their handsomeness
Just like Brexit, just like Trump.
Cold - 20
If the English donät want to learn Polish or Urdu or any other language they don't need in their lives or workplace - they don't have to.
Yeah, but that's where it remains.
I've kinda lost that optimism
"Tõde ja õigus"
I wonder what those poor Estonian veterans, who were unfortunate enough to be forcefully drafted into German army, would have though of this statement
To me it's mildly infuriating how Estonian politics straight up ignore where we live and what is going on around us, and pretend Estonia is just off the coast of California or something, behind God's back.
It's ironic because it's the Estonian translation of a Russian story
I have changed my mind now
We use a lot of double vowels which for some makes our language sound stretched out, like baby talk
I’d say Estonia and Finland, Russia and Belarus, Germany and Austria, Latvia and Lithuania, Serbia and Montenegro, Kosovo and Albania, Greece and (Southern) Cyprus, Portugal and Spain, UK and Ireland
I know it is not possible after last elections
You are Baltic, though not Balts.
Won't happen any time soon though.
And even though we have plenty of idiots ourselves, I feel like the overall level of education of people is better than in many other places I have been to
how does such a Putinoid even come to be in Slovenia??
Some would say it is reasonable to allow the freedom to any one region to secede
Yeah i've been there
Also if u had friends at the store they would put weiners under the counter for your family, that's because most of the shelfs were in empty
Sure, but Lenna is pronounced quite differently from Lena.
The public Christmas tree tradition also originates in Tallinn and Riga.
It was more of the eastern part as I went to Eastern Hungary
Kids don’t understand that these changes have consequences that they don’t have to deal with yet
It's not spicy even in that sense, it's just extremely bitter and stingy.
you're a pretty great lad yourself
It was the biggest pos but still worked
we use litres, decilitres, tablespoons (=15ml), teaspoons (=5ml)
Wow, someone's got their panties twisted.
So many candles in the darkness
Nice
Phone charger plugs
I've been there twice and I'd like to go again, too much of a shy kid the previous times
In theory the sun should shine brightly into my office every day, but I didn't lower the blinds once from mid-December to early January...
i think estonian has a word for that too
The Estonian layout:
Nukes are useless without a delivery mechanism
Finnish **Åland Islands (eng) = Ahvenamaa (est)** (just like Ahvenanmaa in Finnish)
They are not poor either, as I've seen they had BMWs and one is posing with loads of euro bills (big bancnotes).
But there weren't that many German atrocities against Estonians, therefore obviously the Russians were seen as the bigger of the two evils.
But as for actually changing the system, I do think some changes will happen eventually, but it will take time
We have same thing in Ukrainian:
Why don't you just have a smaller extra voting ballot [like this]
I don't even know if it's a stupid question or not.
You probably had to shop around a lot to find some Ohio doofus.
Because they would double down on what they believe in and not give a shit about the media
000 Russians about 140
töööö (work night, but if you turn it around, öötöö would mean night work/job)
Btw, after a change in the law in 1995, all children born in Estonia after 1992 may obtain Estonian citizenship unconditionally
Switzerland, Belgium, the UK or Spain.
Some people are very angry at this, also the greens got a petition through to the parlament, the petition is for legalization of same sex marriage
Also Russian had a preferred status during the Soviet occupation, that's why younger Estonians often refuse to speak the language to make not integrating more difficult for the Russian minority.
"go take a hike" is a lot milder though, there are plenty of such softer expressions in most languages.
Its cognate *eit* used to mean "wife" or "married woman", but now is a bit derogatory and means "old hag".
Nationalism takes all shapes and sizes.
It can be on any subject - surprise us!
*cough cough* estonian city *cough cough*
I guess everyone likes the opposite of where they're used too
Spent a million Euros to come up with [a failed logo]
Why are you trying to make this our thing?
Here we just call all of them English.
Different levels of municipalities and regions usually elect them amongst themselves.
In what universe are you living if you don't know that Estonian is a distinct language
I am absolutely convinced that Dutch society as a whole contains racist elements, it's just that some people are more adept at hiding their sentiments.
Really
*you will fight till the last finn*
The Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and Hungary all have higher GDP (PPP) per capita than Greece, and the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania and Estonia all have it higher than Portugal.
Not really imo, I haven't heard of anyone with that name
There are no majority Estonian areas left outside Estonia.
How can you even sleep at night?
But 110 is only on short sections, mostly it's still 90
Clearly the finnics are mongol meme has some merit.
Considering pretty much every ethnic Estonian was de facto a serf up until the 1860s, class never really came to exist in Estonia.
You can't force someone who already has a car to abandon it
Yeah, that's really embarrassing.
I'm so sorry if it came off as harsh
The wealthiest Estonians during the Cold War lived in Venezuela
Fucking wankers
5l Jägers in him
Good thing they don't have any murders or would be the homicide capital of Europe, perhaps the whole world
I think it is really useful, as it is normal for humans to think about "life, universe and everything" and also to think about what can and what can't be known
Controlling the press is essential for any budding dictatorship.
Both wars sped up dissolution of British Empire, rise of the US and UK becoming second partner in UK-US alliance
Unfortunately consuming alcohol is one of the few ways that make people open up here
E: also haven't noticed that trend, only that halloween is now a thing
And more specifically we use the Swedish keyboard layout with some minor Estonian touches (such as the aforementioned letters)
It would be such a silly concept for Estonian
There is quite a lot of homework indeed, but not exactly on the Asian levels.
You just don't notice the aspects where you are doing better than your neighbor.
Estonians tend to be a bit cold towards strangers and our history is 90% about suffering as slaves/peasants and the other 10% is us recovering from the soviet Union and e-nation
We like mass singing, [extreme swinging] doing everything online and going to saunas.
Plus, the Estonian national epic *[Kalevipoeg] is strongly connected with *Kalevala*!
Declare war and see them suffer in agony under the full might of our air force.
Yeah, a mega-heatwave is here
As with most late Soviet neighborhood designs, the plants were designed, but never planted.
"Excuse me the fuck" - Estonians                             we are most definitely not central Europe
That's a really pretty plant, and would be a welcome addition to my Moms flower garden.
lol, our machines even make the same sound :D
We probably got it from you or russians
Getting kind (not)Holy(not)Roman(not)Empire vibes
Time can stop too
Since we border Russia, there are some people worried but it's unlikely to happen.
All of them, it's not that difficult if you're into geography.
My partner, on the other hand, wears shots basically all year, so there you go
Following laws however is a different matter altogether
We are treating them differently sort of like we treat regions differently - some regions form independent states, while some equally-sized regions are within a larger state.
Ironically, "atheism" is not very popular here as it has negative Soviet-era "state atheism" connotations for middle aged and older people.
In the video it says quite pertinently - Finns speak with the "rally driver English" accent.
We say it in Estonian too
And on top of that they have to fight for every little increase in salary
It contained many indigenous territories of the [Seto people] the Orthodox Estonians, who have now almost entirely left the area for Estonia, where they live in a [narrow strip] near the Russian border.
Yeah, the difference is only 4mm, probably just small enough that you can use the same wheelsets.
> Balts
Residents do not get free public transport in Tartu
Even colder today, someone capture the image in half an hour to match that of yesterday, sun is still lower than last time
I've heard that the Estonian system is the most similar one to German system.
There was something about it in 5th grade and something in 9th
Guess they didn't like when we joined N.A.T.O. and E.U. after the Soviet "Union"
Apparently I am Central European
Had to do a 20 km lap, took me 5.5 hours and I fell down like four times :D
Of completely different etymologies, I don't think there are any
Now I appreciate Estonia as my home more than ever
Haha the tour guy used that line too, quite like Antwerpen though, central area at least
Considering where Austria is, very little of "Eastern Europe" is directly east of the country.
That's how markets work - they temporarily fall in one region and rise in another.
Meanwhile, Kazakhstan has become more vary of Russian influence and is trying to strengthen the national identity and language
Swede
" or "In every port of the world
They don't consider to be foreigners themselves.
Are you saying Estonia is moist
You are making it look like Estonians and Latvians are ethnically related, which they are not, regardless of any genetic similarities
Finland/Estonia also have a weird click with Japan, both language and culture-wise
A weird city-state that isn't really sovereign itself, but the Holy See is a sovereign subject and it administers the Vatican City State.
Let me guess, by invading more countries?
I was in school during soviet union.
So the Western EU couldnt afford to just sanction and softly protest
Oh we don't do any farming
They don't want any more, I suppose.
Thanks for the clarification
Popularity in Estonia (Russian-speakers and therefore Russian names included, which mostly dominate the list due to the small variability of Russian names and huge variability of Estonian names):
töööö (work night, but if you turn it around, öötöö would mean night work/job)
Serbia deports Russians suspected of plotting Montenegro coup
Graduated from uni
>our winters get milder and milder
There are answers to certain questions, there is no clear and at the same time encompassing every aspect of life definition.
I can totally understand if someone is actually desperate and needs help and we don't know the whole story, but to say that we must assume everyone is so desperate and poor and can't survive without this is counterproductive and hardly the truth.
Not to mention that an "ostrich" is "[sparrow camel]".
Then Lembitu, who unified the estonian tribes to fought against the germans then we have Kuperjanov who was a partisan leader during the indepenedence war and laidoner who was a general then baisically every forest brother
Ahahaha, that's pretty wild
There are tourists, but there could definitely be more.
I used to visit Bratislava quite often while living in Vienna and of course it’s not as interesting as Vienna but I always liked it’s atmosphere more than Vienna’s.
Of course, sadly it wont work :(. So it's ideal, but never achievable
King Leopold was horrible even by the standards of his own time
The funny thing is that the trend of rusophilia is increasing.
Not as well as you Scandinavians understand each other, but there is definitely partial mutual intelligibility.
Yes, Verhofstadt is promoting the same scaremongering they have in the "ring of autocrats", but as an example nobody forced Brussels to start that bankrupt plan of relocating refugees by quotas that seems to have failed so miserably in the East now.
Sharing is caring
Petersburg
Yes but the joke wouldn't of worked as well.
there might be a regency until the baby is born, but I don't think this question has come up ever in the history of the throne
I am merely pointing out facts, you're the ones, who are unintelligent and biased!
A city that is almost entirely made of government officials and diplomats
There was also [Estonian Swedish] though sadly that's pretty much extinct nowadays
It is very odd
What's worse - it's now even always nice winter with bright snow and nice frost
Yeah I knew a guy, who was deported to Siberia in 1941, cleared from charges in 1944, mobilized into the Red Army, fought in battles for half a year, settled back to Estonia in 1944 and was deported again in 1950 and was finally released in 1956.
When somebody is working (especially manual labor, say raking trees in the garden) and you walk past them, you say "strength
My father also smokes
Homo sapiens, by far
Looking at the climate charts, Stockholm is a bit warmer: our averages are 3-5 degrees lower in the winter and just 1-2 degrees lower in the summer
Over the centuries we've had visits from Denmark, the Germans, Denmark again, Russia, Sweden, Poland-Lithuania, Russia again, Germany again, Russia again: vol 3
But the home economics type of class is desperately needed for the new generation specially, imo
unpleasant woman
Only difference is that the Brits moved to Northern Ireland when such actions weren't illegal according to international law.
And they should be your concern.
60 isn't 100, and I don't mean just self-consumed energy, but the exports
Jõehobu(river horse)=hippo
Really, would sour cream and pizza be common in Lithuania
Any people putting stuff like cider in their soft drink bottles, mixing vodka or rum with coca cola or any other shenanigans like that
Decameters are rarely used because it's just easier to say things like "15 meters" instead of "1 decameter and 5 meters". Centiliters are actually often used for volume of liquids
I thought you were talking about lack of online lectures, but this, this is next level
Also what are the highest and lowest altitudes you've ever been to?
They are certainly not anti-Russian
If for example bigger countries implement it the hard way the websites will follow them and wont start making exceptions for smaller countries
These incredibly-polluting oil shale plants were built to power up entire Estonia and even parts of St
Are we popular on Reddit or something?
These are otherwise cool maps, but some single mistakes always stick out:
Source:Finland
Maybe you guys can gift us some, ask Norway for a new one
And I am thinking that this notion that self-determination may be limited to autonomy is absolutely absurd.
They just assume that's what it means in English
Well I can't play games in estonian and finnish sounds so weird in video games so I'll rather play in english
European countries are not independent in the sense that if you attack, figuratively, one of them, then you attack all of Europe.
I won one of those at a little contest six years ago, I think I've used it maybe once, otherwise it's useless
By letting the Polish submarine Orzeł crew escape from Tallinn in 1939, the Soviet Union found a good excuse to put a part of it's army on the Estonian soil
These old towns are from different historical eras of course, so I can only speak of life in the medieval Tallinn Old Town, where many houses are from the 14th century
In fact backlash was enough that for a long long time I wasn't sure if it passed or not
Btw I reckon a big part of the reason why people drink less in Belgium is that you cannot afford to with these small beers that cost a lot, I think I ordered only one beer in total from a pub there because of it
Later it was only morning schedule and school ended at about 15:30.
As for the actual collaborators, plenty has been written about them by local historians
How did I forget to mention that
Mate, you can use the exact same argument but in reverse for summer time
Absolutely impossible
Your granddad sounds great
Also there's a faster way to do this aswell with a car
28c ish in Tallinn today
And now this fear is being funnelled into conservatism and radical fear-mongering from the bumbling individuals of a certain party
Well we have [this job] in Estonia.
There must be no cartridge in the magazine of a portable firearm, except for a revolver
When I hear *russ* I think of the tractor.
and not were the economic growth of the future lies, it's definitely outside.
Johan Laidoner
The workers still need wages, weapons programs are expensive
[UK has an opt in service here] signed up a couple years ago and the calls stopped within a week, haven't thought about it until now
The regional parliaments don't count here, because we are talking about the Dutch STATE PARLIAMENT to begin with.
Oh my god
Different cursive for English and also Russian cursive when we learnt that
Tbh, I think everyone should take a test every 10 years to renew their license
the kroon was a neat symbol of the country and I kinda miss the people and images on them, but I'm not unhappy about the switch.
Definitely is pathetic, goddamn slowflakes, I walked around outside and it was fine, hot compared to +5 degrees it was just a week ago but fine
There was an ongoing civil war against the repressive totalitarian dictator and the UN approved it.
the fact that i dont want to eat their oversalted rice has nothing to do with malnourished kids somewhere in africa, and is highly unnecessary
Same in Estonia
the estonian one's image is like
Reminds me of [this sign] when leaving Tallinn.
If there is a dorm, then it belongs to the university or a non-profit organization strongly tied to the university.
But if you really want an average
Banning it on the national level is sort of irrelevant when you are, you know, a subject to international law.
we do also have a word shift between the north and the south, but it's becoming less prevalent.
"We" built the pyramids too, right?
Especially if it's something like a loan to buy a house
Also as windows are the main things that get changed here due to better insulation it can actually be a bit tricky to find other "regular" windows
No, but roman and byzantine coins have been found here
Jõuluõlu here
I was 20 and applied to jobs with my "juxxx666@hotmail
This issue needs a better spokesperson than a young woman with Bieber's haircut
Italian - albicocca
Monarchs are not just political figures.
>doing nothing productive
Then there's Narva
No mention of Estonian _at all_.
Then Lembitu, who unified the estonian tribes to fought against the germans then we have Kuperjanov who was a partisan leader during the indepenedence war and laidoner who was a general then baisically every forest brother
town centers) it often goes unenforced.
We also have a village called [Laeva] ("of the ship") which isn't anywhere near any major waterways
**Resisting the Soviet invasion**
Oh and not on the ground because ground was basically off limits to hiders
Frankly, it is sometimes not 100% free, as there can be some minimal fees, that are meant to act as small barriers
War of independence right after WW1
And this only works for nationals (and I presume permanent stateless residents).
Well, if you have a decent 4G connection, then you have to find some really thick forest to find no Internet whatsoever.
The one where there were brutal killings
All this is for last 17 governments
Ah cool, I absolutely did not know about that!
In Soviet times this effect was even stronger with Slavic immigration
Some people have already done this apparently.
Yeah, but that argument doesn't really convince me.
It is not compulsory, but if they do, there is a national curriculum (to ensure that it is a useful subject and not just someone teaching only their own beliefs, they have to cover many religions etc)
There's even an [Estonian Wiki article] about it
Rumor has it they've helped Estonia in ways many Estonians will never fully know about
These laws are not followed because for some their traditions are above the laws of the country they are in.
To me it looks like a regular city
Some sort of being or energy that either created us or we're part of.
Actually capitalizing acronyms would help as opposed to looking like a typo.
These ones aren't as important, altough knowing russian is very beneficial at the job market.
By radical I mean here actually extremists (in the sense that these people are on the fringes), by fundamentalist I have in mind the ones who aim to go back to the roots.
[If you read the pages 57 and 56 of this then you'll see
Why would it be automatically suitable for the EU, of course it would need to reapply.
Personally - except for some Italian food - I really dislike Southern European food, especially Spanish and Greek food
5) QR tickets, available online
Or everybody being gay there
Not only, all Latvian words end with an -s.
Without numbers one might jump into "truth must be somewhere in the middle" mode and not see how Russia is plainly lying.
Can confirm: very annoyed
We have this issue too, l communicate in English so much that most of my conversations with some Estonian friends are done in English too
base level citizenship within the EU
Even though it sounds harsh and even wrong, this was really the effect that the Soviet occupation and illegal Russian immigration had on many Estonians.
Actually pint beers are quite popular in Estonia as well, both in [cans] and in [bottles] but not in pubs.
You're a frequent poster in /r/FULLCOMMUNISM.
Also, don't forget to include the presumed era of origin.
And also, how Trucidator defines failure, that would be an interesting question.
You should ask 100k considering we just paid 200k for vomiting hedgehog.
Finland, because they're the only other Finnic nation that has its own country
"..acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group"
[For example: *Kohtla-Järve*; *Saadjärve* (a village near *Saadjärv*)]
In few years when Tallinn-Tartu rail is electrified and Elron buys more electric trains it will be cut to around 1h 30min
Ohh no, anyways
maybe 23-24 since im sitting near the heater
Turkey: who needs plains anyway
usually the parent just takes their kid to the party and later picks them up again
In my opinion most people are too attached to rigid 9-5 workweek and don't even think about other options
It goes against these values only in a peaceful time.
Only a monster would do such things
>use one EU-wide-system
40-2
Also, we united with the rest of the baltics to form a human chain of several hundreds of kilometres
Americans are paying more for health insurance than any other European country
..I think a look at your country is a great example of why we should preserve lingual fragmentation
"Went to the store and accidentally stepped on an old ladies toe, I was about to say sorry but thankfully Ratas was already there" and so on
And what makes you think the mouse is alone?
"Nagu vanajumajala seljataga" /behind the ol'Gods back/ - in a safe place
We have a really beautiful language and they just think we're Russians
I feel the same way about it as those tourists though, probably even worse
Also minority cultures are dying in Russia, as the education and government services are only provided in Russian
Because it's technically not ketchup?
I'm form Estonia
You didn't say that, I asked you a question, no need to take everything so personal.
When reading your language, it really feels to me like our languages are related
As usual "divide and conquer" got in the way, people weren't happy May's flavor of Brexit and everyone starting fighting how to Brexit so they might never make it even to that stage
We call it Ministry of Defence aswell (Kaitseministeerium)
She probably is already preparing overview about who and in what point did mistakes what leaded to this disgrace, and what are our government plans to fix those shortcomings
Probably [*Kodumaine viis*] ("Homeland Tune") by Heino Eller or the ever so sweet [suite from the movie *Kevade*] ("Spring") by Veljo Tormis.
English became much easier when I got access to unlimited Internet, but it mostly helped with vocabulary and idioms, not so much with grammar
"Valmis või mitte siit ma tulen" i hate it
Some days it feels like what was I even expecting?
Well can you bust the myth that living in Finland is boring?
You being able to play the European countries against each other is why we need a union...
And we can't really just blame them either
It is the best for most Estonians, as the languages and culture are very similar.
See juba on
Some people say that 30 degrees are unbearable here because air here is very humid but I dunno, I just want to die
didn't have that much use until I became interested in cooking and baking.
That's why it's important to point out such mistakes or they'll repeat that very same mistake over and over again.
There are just many Slavic languages and there are others that have caught my eye more: Russian as I always like learning new alphabets, Bulgarian cause it has a nice softer sound to it than other Slavics, Slovenian cause is has some really old features (uses "dual", has odd pronouns) and interesting influences and even Ukrainian as I happen to have a few friends who have relatives in Ukraine and listening to them has been really fun
They also say "sorry" in a weird way
We do have *jõuluõlu* in Estonian, which is very similar to danish julybryg
Even though they live near the city centre and their parking situation is very bad
he supports BLM protests and legalizing same-sex marriage, I don't think he's alt-right
The status quo suits Russia well.
I'd say it's the third most Finnish thing after the sauna culture and going completely nuts whenever you win at hockey
Nice to be positive about the EU while living in a better-off EU country.
If you stay with them, they'll take care of you.
But if you don't have that concept in your cuisine, then one might find the idea of it disturbing.
But atleast it's pretty
Well, their bread is not as dark, Baltic herring and sprats are sold in Russia, curd snacks exist, but not to that degree and with garlic bread I really don't think so.
and some high schools here you need to wear slippers
Looked up Tallinn - Estonian trains are 5x slower on that map than in reality...
Serving for at least a little while more, our current president Toomas Hendrik Ilves.
I have never seen 200 or 500 € ones
I mean we're distant, especially with strangers, but not slow because of that.
Muesli/cereal, porridge, sandwiches, fried eggs.
Konstantin Päts
5) QR tickets, available online
"Sai sai
Even without any additional contributions money invested now after 10 years will grow in real value two times
Oh really, I did not know that.
Majority of the population are Russians
There's a duo of islands
Not very in-depth, but it was covered
"Burning bridges" is actually also an expression
The Estonian center party (Keskerakond), which is currently the second largest party in Estonia wants to grant citizenship to all these people without the Estonian language and history exam
You can see the problems in old town pubs for example where the toilets are often clogged
Could be either dam sites or really just damn sites!
For those wondering, the heteronyms mentioned are:
Well according to the [university metric] you clearly were doing something right :P
When going up, some kinda manage to get by in Finland but in Sweden we're screwed without English
Luckily, context mostly saves from this.
But most are not
Half the posts are from foreigners asking about Estonian living permits, legislation and tourist sights, all of which they could easily find answers in a far better place.
Honestly with all the shit the US government (and various federal bureaus) has done, it's reasonable to at least not trust it much
Sadly this is literally literally the reasoning Russian politics sometimes have
But such people will never care about that because that turns their simplistic world view upside down and right now it is too easy for them to blame entire occupied nations of literally organizing the Holocaust with their rhetoric
No grammatical genders, no future tense.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is basically a two-state system.
Theres only one
Also, your flair says you're swiss
Do you mean languages like the former or the latter?
The second is not a potato salad, it's an abomination, actually the former is too
They helped us during our independence war
We do wear a red poppy, but it's done to honour all of soldiers who died/fought for our country, it's generally connected to the Remembrance Day on 8th/9th of May and focusses a bit more on those who died in WW2 and current Russo-Ukrainian war instead of WW1
They all have these 3 most popular types of buildings: different [wooden houses] from 1880-1940, private houses from [1940-1960s] and a small [soviet district] (in small towns, they can be pretty green and liveable)
These lands were added to Russian territory during the Soviet period just like Crimea was added to Ukraine.
You can drive through our whole country in 3-4 hours
I always put sour cream on sauerkraut soup though
I found a Lithuanian pronunciation [here]
Would you however use the same argument for Europe and the EU?
i also frequently walk my dog alone late at night, but for that i keep to the suburban areas
October and November are gray, depressing wastelands and then once it starts snowing and gets cold it won’t leave until like May
We can it freely do
ayyyyy
It was pure torture to wake up so early (both for me&siblings and our parents)
Plus several of them are richer now than some Southern European states.
Both were sort of characteristic of their eras, the first being even too politically incorrect by now.
I really liked that it felt way less crowded than one would think, looking at the number of people that live there
So if anything, then Swedish might be somewhere, but even that is unlikely
Plus saunas, don't get me started on how chatty we become in saunas!
It wasnt year round though
High efficiency panels is a must this far north
- Latvia: bus
It's too broad and we're too different.
my grandma lives near the border and sometimes does grocery shopping in latvia
Estonia understands how pointless it is to demand territories from Russia.
We were illegally occupied, like Latvia and Lithuania, we weren't legally nor willingly part of the USSR.
The most common feature with the Slovenian accent that I can link with Slavic languages is the pronunciation of the E-sound.
I have thought about it and honestly I think the fact that Apple is domestic and other stuff foreign probably made a huge difference in the beginning in the US
Even in our universally Soviet-hating historiography, the 1960s are known as the "Golden Sixties".
Also i would like to mention that we have been able to market ourselves really well on a global stage, which matters
One of the founders was from sweden, but the technology is from Estonia, and their main office is here in Tallinn, next to my office
So if you need any operations on teeth - be prepared to pay all the hundreds and more euros out of your pocket
Most ethnic groups in Europe identify themselves by language - essentially nobody identifies by common genetics
For me it was just 2€ t-shirt that covers me
Doubt it's standard equipment
The murderers don't feel sorry, they feel superior.
Their "slightly capitalist" test group.
And luckily he only got A. B and me got away
The shoes off part is true tho
Even apple started using USB A port on the charger side
It is pretty popular even here in Estonia
They killed our people and colonized and stole the land of the estonians and our brother people
In those 51 years humanity has created several satellite global positioning systems with precision down to couple meters
And people either drink at home or at work, or both.
Any black sparkling beverage is called *koola*.
I think something bigger is needed.
With the internet and social media, every example of death by police has a much higher likelihood of reaching you so it serves to paint a false narrative compared to the past
> Who is doing the police stuff in your countryside ?
At least we finally managed to pass Georgia
I think it's like Northern Europe and the Alps.
It just isn´t and trying to portrait it as such simply puts the democratic movement in Belarus into troubles
I have installed a Reddit Pro Tools chrome extension, the latest version of which makes it very easy to see where the person posts
Statistically Central Tallinn is of course the most criminal (as would be the most logical case), but most of the crime there is pick-pocketing against tourists and drunken brawls in the pubs at night, so it isn't felt as the most dangerous place.
Though entirely personal experience (and I have interacted with Latvians a lot), I've found Latvian youths to be more conservative about this issue.
It’s a county in the northeast with a large russian population
These changes to fine calculations were made pretty recently (if not even during this year)
After all, we're not that different from Finns and warm sauna is the best thing against winter depression
- Some crazy shit happening in Europe ->
It's a bog in Estonia
] Estonians, after a sauna, in a ice hole grilling (probably) *Jänku Jussi Viinerid*.
Finns have a similar culture and similar mentality, it's sort of refreshing to know that there is someone out there like that.
The current one is from 1992, the previous ones were from 1920, 1934 and 1938.
i am a young adult woman
Well, there are many dialects but they all pretty much fall into 2 categories: South and North Estonian
~40min walk
“At the moment there’s real discrimination with a sense of there being ‘good refugees’ and ‘bad migrants’, and the Africans are usually seen less deserving of international protection,”
Just like my comment was perhaps a joke :)
It's really nice that u don't have to worry about hiding the drugs
If I'm in the kitchen, I'd put her in the kitchen.
How about mentioning the "ex-famine struck Ireland" with every article?
Yeah who live close walk or go by bike, but a lot of people take a bus
It's a direct translation of the english phrase
I guess I just don't much about such a seemingly petty thing
If people feel there's too much migration what can they do other than leave the EU?
There have been dozens of months after that that year when Russia has been democratic.
We are in agreement, but for some reason it seemed that you disagreed.
Both sides hold speeches and proclaim what a great fight it was, a little vodka is passed around and both sides commemorate in their own way
Our level of importance is well showcased in [one comment in this thread] that uses us as an example of a non-important country when comparing the importance of countries:
I thought I was going crazy
I would so like to think that they were planted during the Soviet times as a casual way of resisting the Soviet occupation.
(this goes for other drugs too and i don't mean we should legalize everything)
My program only accomodates for Latvia and Turkey
Lukashenka has his back against his wall, losing the election means imprisonment or exile in Russia
Now you are assuming out of the gate that all this was fake and there was no Russian assassination plan
There's a chance for a genuine title fight this year but frankly I'm not optimistic, Mercedes' rate of development is so large I expect them to start steamrolling completely again in a few months if not already starting this week at Catalunya where I expect them to dominate
There aren't much they can do about it
Frostpunk: below -30
Happy New Year from Estonia aswell!
Which is weird though, because *Kuresaare* ("Crane Island" / "Crane's Island") makes grammatically more sense.
Low blow but you succeeded for me
Right, so if they cancelled the agreement, would that make Putin disappear?
It has bad relations with every neighbor, including EU member Cyprus and Nato member Greece, it spits on western values, it attack US allies in Syria, seeks closer ties with Russia
Estonia has a rather logical approach
Yup, Germany is why we have the 500€ paper note.
Well you could be nice and gift them whole Germany.
Most educated youth moves to the bigger towns and what is left sure can be distinguished from urban folk for their utterly conservative values and general lower intelligence.
It's not only Finland as you can see on the map :)
And don't think that just because we were officially baptized that Estonians actually converted to Christianity.
I would still consider Tartu and Pärnu and maybe a few other cities to not quite be the wild west, but other than that it basically is wilderness lol
You might understand it as a joke, but honestly the pic describes it perfectly
someone obviously didn't get snow in september
To make their iron, that wasn't good to begin with, stronger.
To be an ethnic Estonian and to vote for him are two things that rarely go together.
Lithuania is a Catholic country that was once part of the  Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and became Christian voluntarily
Good point about wasps
I like rain, not thunder i was scared of that
One more Finnic people, the [Livonians] in Latvia [share an anthem] with Estonia and Finland.
Pure= bite
Well, besides russian there's a tiny minority of german speakers and sweadish speakers but the largest minority (excluding russian) is Võro dialect which it self divides into other dialects
No, I want my country to be my country, not some Middle-Eastern one.
Jesus, that's 68,000 victims more than in Estonia
There's also a village called "Ao"
I was going to go to sauna tonight
Tartu and Pärnu barely stay afloat while the rest of the country is running empty.
1) prepaid stored value card which works on all buses in the country and can be topped up online or in many stores
Nah, the virus isn't that big of a problem here, most people forget it exists even
Estonian *Rootsi* ("Sweden") and English "Russia" do derive from the [same root] :)
There are no Russian political parties in Estonia, so unless Savisaar and his cronies manage to reclaim power in the Centre party, there isn't a single party in Estonian politics that isn't hostile towards Russia.
oh nice, come to reddit and apparently i live in Joliet, Illanois.
I know they have pretty castles, but I can watch pictures of them and don't have to travel there
>of course what they did differs from "a textbook definition"
TIL Tartu, Estonia, looks like [this] Plus there are two entries for Barcelona.
An occupation to subjugate our people?
WW1 and WW2 reference
There are dozens of cases showing this provenly Russia funded and directed propaganda network doing just that.
A really gentle piano piece from an Estonian composer, that I often listen to at night, when alone and painting/reading/writing/yoga/etc
On the other hand in the beginning of March you get sun in your eyes at like 5
The argument is that we are a Nordic country due to the countries being similar.
For example, the state issued a decree where you could be summoned to an exercise with just 24 hour prior notice, and [the first event, that included over 300 participants, was held this weekend]
Then they demolished everything that survived the bombing and built commieblocks instead
Finlandization rebranded
These types of Russians *are* alienated from the ethnic Estonian society...
I don't think that you understand what a consititution consists of.
This combined with Nordstream 2 and the investments taking place is very worrying
To be honest, the rates are much higher than I expected them to be.
I just want Hillary to win so I could see Trump's fans defeated.
Thats just dumb, that flag was around before communism was a thing, it represents lithuania when it was strongest
I heard it's "centre-left" like many far-right parties have.
it wouldn't be hard to find a place with very few Russians.
There's nothing natural about winter time, especially for everybody who isn't a morning person
What I see:
The city officials called the police to report a "suspicious object" and the bomb squad was sent in
Yeah, I don't think that Coca-Cola kvass even has a Coca-Cola logo on it, just a mention by whom it was produced perhaps.
Because they fought against the re-invading Soviets
30am in March
I am arrogant with unintelligent people, I concur.
I find it fascinating how similar are major historical dates of XX century in Eastern Europe.
All the supposedly non-authoritarian ideologies that you mentioned are absolutely fringe ideologies that have no relevance in our society
Oh and not on the ground because ground was basically off limits to hiders
Thank you for expanding on the comments that I referred to in passing.
Oh god, I can't do it for Tallinn
He's just "being presidential" I think
So UK being this, former world ruler, still has a lot of red tape to cut trying to negotiate with everyone and the EU trying to solidify the position
SALES TAX
They do what they do to advance Russia's imperialist goals.
Also when my Dad went to the USA he was chatting with South African people and they said they have Estonian names there
Meat surrounded by jello
Warm +20
No worries, that's a Pepsi max, so no sugar
But-but, Finland has always been in Northern Europe and Estonia has always been in Eastern Europe!
- "*Tarvis
Calm after the storm was one of the best songs in the whole competition
Any German, Russian, Swedish, Danish, Polish political ruler in the past 800 years
Tartu - Dorpat
I got called out for it yesterday lol - was in an online race, translated an English sentence into Estonian very literally and it did not sound great at all
Like Estonia is one of the more economically stabler countries of ex-Soviet bloc, and the aspiration to be Nordic.
" jokes
For example, last election reform party got tha majority of votes but didnt form a government since they couldn't get a coalition
While in finland it still feels like winter
top 10 pranks that went too far
There's also a fair share of people who identify themselves ukrainans, belorusians etc and therefore belong to similar ethnic/genetic group.
They are cool but then again dangerous if you're not prepared
Our reputation in the music industry is probably that we're pretty big into every kind of drug out there
Based of what I've seen Aberdeen is the grey-est city in the entire world
The nature and the overall atmosphere was wonderful, especially in the north of the country.
A different opinion cannot be stupid?
How's that for being able to complain for a redress of your grievances?
Some things are worth spending your life on.
Well, for starters, the [Monacan people] live in North America, while the [Monégasque people] live in Monaco.
Also, YES, do the trans-siberian
99% Invisible has a terrific episode on H-Day
Really, would sour cream and pizza be common in Lithuania
> Bielefeld
>*extermally* mixed
You "serve" society by working(thus providing services), paying taxes and not breaking laws
Any chance any of them were accepted?
Maybe Putin needed to get some heat off because of Belarus and Turks are also fine with some limited slaguhter
It’s-20 in Estonia
[Fried Dwarf Baltic Herrings]äimed&client=opera&hs=obo&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiUhP2SsLPSAhWF1ywKHUmPBH4Q_AUICCgB&biw=1517&bih=732)
The aliens came, we didn't create them.
Ever
Wine is an integral part of the European cultural experience.
Well I got good news for you
Dont worry it will change soon enough
I love that you're fighting for us and for a free internet
We are losing on total production as companies are made to invest more in the workforce.
The roads here tends to become very slippery and covered with ice during the winter.
Well, first of all, the entire New World is based on immigration.
I think we could secure the islands.
Of course they are not the same as communism is not the only totalitarian ideology
Or just everything not approved by Kremlin.
Exactly and towards the end of february and in march the sun rises very early so that daylight is just wasted while it still gets dark early
hiders would have to avoid the seeker and the seeker was blindfolded
Not particularly about our culture, but [Life of Boris] - an Estonian guy playing a Russian guy living in Estonia and living a Slav life.
Don't forget the rapes
Estonian area was an autonomous zone where Baltic Germans rules the land and German was the language of administration and the cultural elite
I have to agree with you, when I was a wee lad so around 15 years ago our language was far less affected by English than it is now
you are legally required to carry your ID card at all times
But they never did
Embracing the Internet like Estonia does - lots and lots of services are online.
The upside is that you learn two languages on C1 level.
I might be in the minority but getting mcdonald's on your trip isn't that bad imo, it's quite nice and conveniant
They have had way more salary problems and they are also notably younger when they graduate (more time for adventures)
While it's not good for the environment, it has made Estonia extremely dependent on that source
It works the same way here in Estonia too
Wait, you don't even learn it??
Well, Finland
From her instagram, make of it what you will:
They have their ups and downs depending on who's at the power, but the system seems to be working
which could actually be considered an aggression in some sense
Unfortunately, can relate
There isn't even anything wrong with capitalism as it's essentially just a freedom to do business and right to own property
It's so in my language, probably a lot more in Manx.
The only thing i know is "Olla või mitte olla- selles on küsimus".
I was thinking more about what towns look like, but population-wise, yes they are very different
Not a surprise in the article other than blatant pushing of talking points through the questions by the interviewer.
This message brought to you by Europe gang
Technicalities, Baltic SS legions were acquitted of crimes as they were SS by name but not by formalities is the short version
Did you forget that Latvia exists or what
Will be 120 here in a bit
I've heard it described as "swamp German" before.
Sorry, sõber
I was getting that minimum wage back then in 2016 and I would've been homeless without my parent's support
It was a lucky time to protest and show the areas unity
Which already exists with moderate speeds anyway.
The whole concept of Tallinn's municipal media is hilarious.
Stag parties by UK Boyz - every corner of the city is full of barf and piss in the morning
Orthodoxy and most of "Eastern Europe" remained on the Catholic side.
that counts as a conspiracy theory?
But what if a corporatist model is the fastest way to reach the Nordic levels?
feelsbadman that you haven't watched south park.
When I went to Vienna I visited Schönbrunn Palace and that huge wheel they have, etc
(/NO/IS)
when I'm by nationality Estonian but affiliated to University of Zürich, then the papers I write are counted as Swiss.
"the party, formed 25 years ago by a merger of communists, pacifists, evangelicals and self-styled radicals"
I actually think it is factually correct that Assange has long had a close relationship with the Putin regime.
BLM has taken over the world but globally the effective genocides going on in China, Yemen and against the Kurds don't get anywhere near as much attention
I guess that you can add Estonian to the list of second languages
It does consist of 16 states/countries though
And when buying groceries I will also go by car, because
I'm currently learning Spanish and this made me curious, since both a Frenchman and a Romanian agreed on it
Or Slovakia and Ukraine
Yeah, it's a really common name which for some reason always makes the tourists laugh.
For some reason Russia [weren't quite as supportive] of separatism when it happened in their country, though.
Or living under a foreign dictatorship or in a free country.
Nothing more to say
Cost of living is higher than Finland considering an average Estonian earns less, but without that aspect it's still quite cheap, although the touristy parts are ridiculously expensive, even for most Western tourists.
Well if you look closely the bridges represent time periods from the roman times to modern
No, at least in Estonia, even 25 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union, a majority of Russian speakers here were born outside of Estonia.
That you pay a small sum on every bottle bought and you need to return them to a recycling machine to get the money back
Viljandi probably came from vilja tee = crop road.
Couple of years ago it was snowing in the middle of June
I have heard that most will be equipped with Finnish AMOS mortar system.
All of this is a little too unbelieveable.
So you suggest we should call it former ottoman province?
However 12:00 isn't actually the middle of the day for the majority of people, it isn't even the middle of the work day
I speak Estonian, English and German, plus a little Russian.
Estonia was beautiful, before the red plague tho..
Tallinn grew it's lead more and more following Tartu's near complete destruction in the Great Northern War, the construction of the Tallinn-Narva-St
If we take the same criteria and apply it to the 1975 referendum, should it's result be then considered null and void?
In reality, Russia's approval ratings in Europe are abysmally low, with only a few exceptions (Greece, Bulgaria)
Studying A-level French right now - why you have to write things in such a complicated way and then you don't even pronounce half the letters?
Edit: kinda joking, ofc
I can't understand why that difference is so difficult to grasp for you?
Fun fact
Four fifts:
the sanctions will have to end eventually
It's rather a compliment usually when a Serbian or a Russian doesn't agree with me.
In Spain, you can pretty much consider virtually no one speaking English.
When commuting home-work-home with the city bus, then about every other day.
Ich mag Deutsch, viele Leute sagen, dass Deutsch hart und aggressiv klingt, aber wenn es keine Kriegsrede ist, klingt Deutsch sehr schön!
He was legally removed from his position.
I've seen Dutch, British, Czech, Austrian, etc plates here
When speaking English, I need to ask about someone's gender too often, when I couldn't care less.
My dad has a dealership here in Estonia
It is very nice apart from the mosquitoes
It has stopped the populist party's surge in polls because they actually have to govern the country, but my god, what a shit job they are doing and their ratings are not falling
They just assume that's what it means in English
Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein the supreme power of state is vested in the people
I don't think it's actually far from truth
Honestly if your city was voted 'best city to live in' but it's not on the sea, you can keep it all to yourself
I am very curious about how Estonian language sounded back then, what the daily life looked like and what the beliefs and customs were
Finnish countryside or Slovakian mountains are my favorite!
Whenever we have comparisons about how 'the neighbours' are doing, Lithuania is always there
That might be true, however I tend to believe we still have more connecting words with Germanic languages than common Latvian loans from Germanic languages.
Seems to be some kind of a double standard.
If this were Estonia, neighbours would be at each others throats all the time about petty issues
Luckily they were too late and given the track record it was probably a desperate cry for attention by conservatives as COVID-19 has been taking most of the headlines
The Poles were swimming in luxury and easy life in 1982.
- 1 (H) - Vesinik
It's horrific that such a practice is still permitted within the EU.
Cringe o'clock in /r/europe again
If the murder had been a direct reaction to finding out about these abuses - perhaps she would have deserved the pardon.
Natural time doesn't make the sun rise at 3am
That's the main complaint
That's pretty much how it has always been.
When alcohol levels increase, my chances of pronouncing English decrease.
Still, pretty much no one in the nordics consider Estonia to be a part of it
something like what many Middle Eastern monarchies have, where there is a balance between democratic and institutional/hereditary voices
So there was the pantheon of Estonian gods, but also an influx of Norse gods, so it's rather difficult to explain the actual religious situation in Estonia during that time
Even if we forget to send the invitation.
I grew up with Moomin books and anime
Same here if I recall correctly, at least it stops most of them from entering your mailbox.
Unfortunately consuming alcohol is one of the few ways that make people open up here
She answered Estonia
In that context Russia stands for Russian goverment and its govermental apparatus.
And the leaders of EKRE are constantly saying sketchy shit and Ratas has to apologize for them
It is objectively false of course.
However Estonia and Latvia remained under Baltic German rule basically until the 20th century.
Russian propaganda crap like this is happening constantly in the Baltics.
People don't use it in some places?
yes, even on the street in front of an apartment building
Standard Estonian is derived from one of the North Estonian dialects and it has been adopted as the spoken language by most Estonians
Lindisfarne seems to be quite a common place to visit for Brits.
We read textbooks not lord's prayer before eating our potato.
It's not like the people are usually stepping between every single tile so much to prevent growth
And not just actual working doctors, but also a lack of kids applying for residency programmes
Tere, minu nimi on John, see on meeldivus kohtuda sinuga
Why do you spout such bull about Estonia being next and furthermore because of Bronze Soldier
"Sittast saia tegema" - "to make bread from shit" with is to say you turned a bad situation into a good one
What else is new
**Article 1:**
Totally not the fault of the migrants from backwards-stubborn-against-change-and-progress countries with shit education, not suitable for any work other than the simplest.
Names in Estonia are a mess because almost no Estonians use Russian names and no Russians use Estonian names, but Russian names vary very little if compared to Estonian names, so the top names list is always a mess:
In a 2015 survey, 75.8% of non-Estonians supported the Centre Party.
Having not to pay 25% tax on something is a subsidy, you don't get money back, but
They recognize the positive things like creation of KGB, where Putin is from and mourn the negative things like Russian Empire getting smaller.
Indeed, *väliseestlased* bears absolutely zero negative connotations.
Swedish - aprikos
Squirrel
The ossuary was spectacular - one of the most interesting places I have visited.
You think a post-socialist and post-Soviet state could replace the homes of around half its population in 25 years?
I used to dislike it, but I have learned to appreciate it now.
This is a nice thread and I had no intentions on making it nasty and political
if it even exists, then that 110 might be like a km piece of road in the middle of nowhere because the highways i go on are always 70-90 kmh
Kuu=Moon
Same in Estonian Valgevene
who the hell paid for that
Being able to solve equations is a subset of solving a text problems as you first have to construct the equations from the text.
What I mean by this no talking, is no small talk
And why are the ones that didn't vote responsible exactly?
However if it's soft, then I usually peel it from there.
How does that sound familiar...
There really isn't one in Tallinn.
Everyone knows they are there, this is just typical stupidity you'd see from the Americans.
But if you are fighting for a totalitarian dictator, if you cooperate with religious radicals or if you target your own people in terrorist attacks, then you are really far from being a hero in my book..
*But they are oppressing stateless Russians in Estonia and Latvia...*
Ah, that was my second guess, but it seems I was a bit wrong then.
A lot of it was written during early independence movements and later edited by Russians
If we had a miscalculation in the style of Finland with their Olkiluoto 3, it could literally bankrupt the country
Yay for their machine!" That of course includes crucified babies in Ukraine, Nazis in Baltics, CIA shooting down MH17 and all that.
Of course you have to tolerate hundreds of thousand of drunk Estonians, at least we keep to border area
It fluctuates between -10 and +5 for most of the winter, some weeks it's all wet and gray and depressing
No, that figure specifically included only investments outside mandatory pension plans
Tram line to Lasnamäe, planned since the soviet times and never executed, is promised every election
I don't know anyone, who would label the US as a Second World country.
tend to have smaller less beautiful old cities than the rest of Europe
It's not initial, it never got better.
He was working in anti organized crime department of the FSB.
So, do you really think that native English speakers have no advantage in academia?
The Youth song Festival will happen in the summer.
If anything, they're more similar to what Baltic Germans were for us
Our e-government was defeated by rats
Had birds singing in the trees week ago
It is not often a question of choices
So what do you think you're avoiding
I take a [20 minute bus ride] to city center and back home every day.
At the same time, I loved Portugal
And also if you're underslept and if you've eaten enough
In Estonian most words are similar, but aren't actually a combination of words
Russians
I was arguing against the belief that if you don't have weapons in the beginning you can just make them while the war is going on.
Throw me an end of your rope!" Saarlane replys: "I'm not a jealous man.
Mate, we had all the snow melt in a few days, it's depressing as all hell
Ro-ro safety designs have improved a lot since (and mostly thanks to) that event.
Not in favor - the US doesn't have ethnically different regions besides perhaps some native reservations, but the entire nation is a wide mix of different ethnic groups.
So is this heatwave directly caused by climate change or is it just contributing
ATTACK
>but never about Nazi ones
Tbh Switzerland, because it kina looks like an octopus in the middle of everyone else
It's one of the top countries in terms of average height and it has a low crime rate
Tallinn\*
Try to get one into your car through front window while driving 90+ km/h
] I can understand only one or a few words from each sentence
Oh shi
November (2017) for Estonia
Nothing more to say
If they're raised in estonia i'd call them estonian or nigger.
It has stopped the populist party's surge in polls because they actually have to govern the country, but my god, what a shit job they are doing and their ratings are not falling
could be biased but I don't really see it, the two medieval things I can think of in old town are all the olde hansa things (the restaurant, Draakon and the almond carts) and the medieval torture instruments museum.
48/hr before taxes right now
But above all, there are nearly no criteria according to which the Baltics are Central Europe
I do begrudge it, I don't want local holidays replaced with commercialized foreign holidays.
Unfortunately all lost thanks to two mustached angry cunts
Finland
pisi: est
Most just use the online version though.
Who the fuck still uses iTunes, lol.
It's definitely the nr
I used a base map and didn't make changes into it.
Hell yeah we finally get some warmth too
You would get banned for spewing hatred and posting Western propaganda.
Stalin made Russian Empire much larger.
For us too is only to use in polite sitations or in front of children
After a certain amount of time this story had spread all around the nation and beyond.
Not in my city but in Tallinn, some citizens wishing to protest the city government's handling of garbage collection left trashbags in front of the city hall
It is only prudent to be careful, would you not say?
Us pointing out the stupid sides of America doesn't mean Europe is better in everything.
Thats what other Baltics fail to understand
Why are you making these assumptions and not informing yourself?
Calling Trump that would be retarded.
owl / fin
Literally every third former Soviet country is now an "enemy" for them
That countryside looks way sparser than that of Estonia, which is crazy.
20 minutes by bus
Works fine for Berlin, will work fine for Moscow
This is what I've been using
Tõde ja õigus
He also chose not to open up his files.
i do that when i walk past someone i know (if they also notice me), but not to strangers
Some of the plates getting alot of attention here are really complicated looking and not just because of the embellishments, but also just weirdly grouped and, at times, way too long combinations of numbers and letters, that don't seem intuitive at all
Damn, I forgot the lennu, thanks for the correction
Somewhere warm where there aren't so many creepy spiders or snakes
>I'm also always suprised to see more animosity towards communist regimes than towards racist and fascist regimes
The wealthiest Estonians during the Cold War lived in Venezuela
> STARVE YA LITTLE FLYING ~~CUNT~~
I mean my work contract+NDA take about third if not half of papers shown on this pic
First it's lettuce, but soon it will be broccoli and then we'll be back in stone age.
Thanks Russians
Am I the only one to think things like these are part of the city life.
If it is Soviet occupation, then of course, we are Eastern Europe
Safe to say it was a disaster for us all
And it is dangerous to imagine things, better let's stick to the facts.
We should form a new kind of Eurovision, the top 3 will gain land from the bottom 3.
Oh boy, I already foresee how our right wing populists will treat this...
Oh yea, we were super lucky, they already had guns poi Ted at us, tanks sent to retake Tallinn but Moscow changed their mind, there was too much political pressure in Moscow, so they left us alone
Homophobia is fear/hate towards homosexuals.
I just checked this railway line on google maps and it definitely is not 3h of nothingess
While I do agree with that, leaving Reform for the Centre is just flushing the water while already being in the toilet...
There are muslims in Kazan
I know a few of their graduates and they can speak Swedish quite well.
Christianity is the only system that saves the people from eternal damnation.
I wouldn't except maybe add a finno ugric symbol or something like that
In direct translation it means shit wheel
When I served my conscription time in the army, we saw wildlife all the time - mostly deer.
And a few that are outright pro-Nazi
People go wasted all the time
I was mildly aroused when I went to work a few days ago and it was already light outside.
fuck no, we'd have to teach so many people and the language is HARD
imagine having red on a flag, couldn't be me
Yes, but that still doesn't explain why an ethnic group would have a right to secede in one case and not in another.
No, the only cheap supermarket chain we have is Maxima and it’s reaaally bad
There is no clear definition of a welfare state.
Because Estonians are pissed by how shitty the Russian community is at integrating.
Because you still have access to Bulgarian market.
I've always thought the same about Russian.
"What a snappy retort," said Fred
I mean my own country saw an opportunity when the power of Moscow was weak and took to the streets
* En
Allowed the Soviets to establish bases in the country to avoid bloodshed and confrontation, trusted the Soviets to not interfere in Estonian internal affairs
I'm starting to think this place will become a ghost town eventually..
Swede
Indeed, but she finished only fourth in the Electoral Assembly, so that sort of destroyed her campaign.
I would rather not name the specific university, but it's more or less in the southern parts.
We are quite close with my sister, but she has never talked about her births
They have youtube videos of it
Three in the front and two in the back!
So technically, yes
These are the known cases, but there could have been many worse in further history.
I know in Tallinn the tap water tastes pretty chlorinated in some parts of town but honestly a filter jug takes out the taste and I don't understand how some people have the energy to buy and carry in water for no reason
Maybe lithuania had their reasons to choose the current flag over the old one but i dont know
Pretty fucking horrible
The dialect is mostly died out, but the intonation differences and some different vocabulary has remained.
The solution for that is to work in 2 shifts, not close shops earlier
During the plastic-and-gypsum era of \~2000 the houses built here often had internal walls that are just a layer or two of gypsum and doors of papier-mâché, so you can basically hear people breathing in the other room
Some country side bus lines are free for everyone
im pretty sure there was some text too, but i cant remember what it was exactly
Russia
Have you tried having less trains
So basically he said that anti-gay marriage opposition was humiliated?
Nevertheless, the largest of Estonia's Soviet-era oil shale plants are to be closed in the next years, due to EU CO^(2) quotas, and while this is positive for the gas emissions, it will eliminate a massive share of Estonia's electricity production, turning Estonia from an electricity exporter to importer, making hundreds of people unemployed etc
You are afraid that Latvia will attack Portugal or something
If you want to join now, Denmark, then you need to change that flag.
Yet *Ice Road Truckers* always concentrates on Alaska
(Estonia)
Babies and disabled people are usually not included in such statistics.
All trains lead to Rome
Higher Kurdish autonomy *is* the geopolitical reason for this
Comments sometimes in Estonian, but rarely
If you don’t qualify for a free ride and have to use the money loaded on your Ühiskaart, the machine will also print you a bill, for me this bill doesn’t really qualify as a ticket, since you don’t have to show it anywhere and if you happen to see a ticket inspector you can just show him the card which you used to pay for the ticket
On the other hand due to the Soviet occupation there are a few of very randomly put urban areas like [Maardu]
Aren't the Spanish territories in Africa outside NATO obligations?
So it really depends
I very much hope that they won't be escalating current tensions even further, but who knows...
I don't understand how did you come up with the idea that we're against democracy here
After all your lot pretends that this is a huge evidence toward Russia didn't do nuffing so just killing that poor SOB would have prevented all that
That's what happens with a majoritarian voting system.
It's because Estonian has long vowels.
As it quickly learns that communism doesnt really work in real life :D
Brexit, unfortunately, was a success.
The EU has a unicameral parliament.
I on the other hand get annoyed when someone uses the word *Ühendkuningriik* ("United Kingdom") in everyday speech instead of *Suurbritannia* ("Great Britain"), which is far more common.
For that reason they are relatively well-integrated and respected by Estonians.
Petersburg
I do not like your rhetoric
They weren't the SS in the regular sense
And for the Russians they imported.
Like for example plane in Estonian is lennuk, it's obviously derived from the verb lendama, which means to fly, but no other connections there
all are free, but University of Tartu  is generally regarded as the best, probably because it is also the oldest and thus most reputable
300 000 people per year seems like an awfully small number
Let me shock your world - everything revolves around money.
Latvia: Northern Latvia often feels like home
Our own troops
Please don't throw things at me, fellow Swedes, but I would say the feeling is mutual
Passports are only needed for going outside the EU
Looking at the current weather, we'll also have no snow in a week...
Toronto hosted for a long time (say 1960-2000) the biggest Estonian community abroad
I'm greatly offended by this, no way I'm thinking Saku is beer.
In high school I had to go home from school in the darkness for months
I like how they *technically* don't say that Finland shelled Mainila but instead say that some guy wrote in his memoirs that he got a message that they had done so
Russians tell themselves that Russia is a mighty bear just to have atleast some illusion of greatness.
As far as I understood, they were accepted to participate because they are very big fans of the contest and are willing to wake up at 5AM to see it live
Russian females dress either way more feminine or, if feminine is not their thing, then way more edgy
I remember getting some fish and chips and a pint in a pub fairly close to Trafalgar square and realizing that I worked three hours earlier in the year to pay for that
not necessarily in my part of town, but I do live in the capital city so 90% of all local tourists come here.
Yeah, what if a nation is not in Europe geographically, but definitely is culturally (I mean in its wider meaning, including the US and Australia for example).
Sure
Would like to hear some counter-arguments or alternative info on this one, even though I have no doubt that them rioting because it's "one of their own" is at least possible, I've seen this kind of altitude like "our people can't do anything wrong" too many times.
[Eastern Canada] best part of Canada!
Think before you open your mouth, OK?
I am not talking about genetics here.
A piece of shit acts like it, who would've thunk it
[It became popular in both countries during the same time
There are these bastards here too who just refuse to use Estonian even though they can actually speak it rather well
I think the next popular thing is long drink/lonkero
Until the brexit actually happens, not even EU is fully metric
Russia has something for everyone
*if* there is a deterrence force in place.
I think you can start to tell from 1/3 of the continent away.
I don't think there are many people, who think this is normal.
As far as I know Estonia copied a lot of things from Germany when we regained independance in 1991
As said by someone else here already, it's mostly for orphans, whose parents are not known.
These top 10 videos almost always are.
Blizzard bending to communists does not meak me happy
There are no churches like that in Estonia, but most of them do look like the one in Türi.
And using constructs like "he or she" all the time is just bothersome.
Most humans from Africa first migrated to China and the Middle East.
Russia
Looking at the historical perspective meat has for most of human history been a luxury product only for the holiday table of the common man and I can't really see how fur or leather is any different
When I first read the title I thought it was some sort of protest by the Finnish defense force.
Makes slav stereotype jokes although he is estonian.
i hope i managed to explain it well enough for you to understand
They somehow manage to earn that well without schooling and probably without being career oriented as well.
Or they might just run out of money for weapons
[Start here] and go nuts
What about countries that already have a large number of immigrants, say Latvia or Estonia?
Estonia - IT department programmer who drinks waaaaaay too much energy drinks and stays behind their computer all day
Kyiv has a mostly positive reputation i guess
The primary reason why some of my relatives won't ever travel to Stockholm by ship
That's what your Imam Merkel said.
What's wrong with democracy in the EU?
Except the Portuguese and Spaniards are actually alike, unlike Estonians and Russians...
Fishing industry has sort of been destroyed by EU regulations and lack of fish in the Baltic Sea.
2009
Typically our names for cities are very similar to their original version with adjustments to better fit the language
This is horrible news
Never seen something like that
It’s-20 in Estonia
Assange is the sort of person who thinks the world order is faulty and needs to be destroyed.
I don't count anything in Russia as Europe
Gotta say it is weird though
They didn't go the way of Latvia and Estonia because they didn't have the mass immigration problem so they could freely give the few immigrants they had citizenship and they really didn't want to go the route of having a border dispute with Poland, that declaring the continuation of 1939 republic would have caused.
Meh
It's "ätt"!
I have hyperhidrosis so it's nearly impossible to go outside with that weather
The places where stuff like > or < or @ etc are are the same as on Swedish keyboards (i.e quite different from the English keyboard layout)
Normal people call it "õlts". /s
While obviously very militaristic (since it was originaly created to prepear young boys for mandatory service) we also spend most of our time outside
dual citizens) per 16,865,000 people (2014 figures) = 1 victim per 87 383 people
Yes but it's outside of Europe
Our prime minister Jüri "The apologizer" Ratas, we have a far-right populist party in our goverment along with a center/bit leftist party where Ratas belongs to
My working day is rather dull in the sense that I have stopped going out during the week - I grow tired from the many weekend activities anyway:
Previously some people bought ticket from bus drivers, but since public transport became free for city citizens and everyone else uses plastic card to buy tickets, nobody talks with drivers anymore
In some ways it is more similar to Estonian than to standard Finnish.
No I am saying that 20% of Swedish population has foreign background, over 600.000 of them are muslims.
Really
People choose to go back to a war torn country because Finland is too cold.
The situation here is not favorable: just look at what you have to deal with to sell something inside the EU
We are Eastern Europe in the context of Cold War and the socio-economic aspects stemming from the Soviet occupation, but calling us Eastern European in any other aspect is just plain unintelligent.
You are informally Americanizing!
Also, you must be fun at parties.
Which is kind of stupid and makes me question his or her general intelligence as well.
They are a fantastic site for a bike trip - I did like a week long trip and visited over 60 islands
Is wasting money then *not* wasting money?
A few days ago it was 3 degrees, the next day it was 23 degrees, the next after was 28
It's very rare to meet actually religious young Estonians because the same trends to name yourself religious because of your family exist here ass well.
We still have *some* dialects, like the Hiiu and Seto dialects, but mostly just one unified language
You need a licence to buy a gun and another licence to use it
Frankly, there are no real downsides to this
Of course Russians wish the world community and democratic blocks like the EU let the dictators have free reign everywhere, but it is not really up to you
We should be of more help
Who do they blame for all this, their own previous/current governments, European banks, the EU, other specific European nations?
Better than discovering the back side of a sign warning of a mine field
So why is your constitution built up in the way that it suppresses the Catalan right to self determination?
Especially since it was during times when Internet and English mass media was not as easily available as today (late 90s early 2000s)
Stalin
I speak [Standard Estonian] which [is spoken in most of Estonia] especially in Northern Estonia.
Average net salary is around 1200 net
DioMerda is literally waiting for it to happen, hence why he says "I don't think it ever happened though".
Russian is not even obligatory in many Estonian schools and as soon as possible, about half Estonian students switch Russian with any language possible.
*Estonia wants to know your location*
Some do and some dont, cars seeming to be  the most popular way
Ukraine is being invaded by Russia.
Why would someone want to let people of a very different culture, often very different civilization level, and prone to abusing laws and crime in?
most of Estonians know atleast some Russian so we're pretty okay in Russia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland
Nobody talks with anyone on buses here (Tallinn)
Every time estonian police uses firearm, it is most important news for a week
So it's a so-so result
* Talu/Talo (E: farm/F: house)
Well it would be great if you offered like two YouTube links so we could hear them being spoken and then compare.
Do you think the French or the Polish people will blame themselves for the Nazi occupation?
I want to feel European but I dont feel it here
In Eastern end it's still somewhat touchy-touchy, at least if the Russians are brought into the topic.
If the UK had a proportional system then UKIP would have 88 (instead of 1!) and the Greens would have 23 instead of 1.
[Tallinn?]#/media/File:Flag_of_Tallinn.svg)
Ugh, liberal marked as left wing...
I would love to finally have single market
If only train travel was any good here
- Linnusitamaa (island) - Bird Shit Land
You can stay there 5 days without a visa if im correct.
>Like, how did proto-Iranian loan words creep into Finnish independently from other Indo-European languages
It's just stupid
The name is the impostor
Average net salary is around 1200 net
It is eurocommies and Russia
This kind of jump to minks or whatever other animal will happen again and again
The SDP, Greens and the Left have less seats than the Alliance without any SD support.
On the left, you can see the door of the [Town Hall Pharmacy] in continuous operation since 1422
It's basically just half an A4 of pleasantries, not some sort of pact with the devil, or shoe on their throat forcing them to do anything.
Excellent location for cultural exchange
No, I am not a Slavo-phobe (as I said, neither do I think much about "Austrian German", I prefer German German)
> none of these things are things that can be done professionally
Estonia was declared independent in 1918, but "happily" joined the USSR in 1940
Just laik in Finländ
nordicestonia
For us it's relatively easy to distinguish Estonian and Finnish accents, but for others they may sound too similar.
Christianity and the French Revolution.
Haven’t seen a human in weeks, only trees
Tallinn since the 1600s for sure
There is The Empty North
To be honest, all Finno-Ugric languages are very hard
It’s not from my country but we read it in school and it’s still one of my favourite books
I'm a Spanish-speaking yank too, who's going to Europe.
Indeed, such news is incredibly frustrating to read, as they show that even after more than two decades, the legacy of the Soviet occupation is still a defining part of how Estonia is viewed internationally.
Obvioulsy Russia will tell that they can do whatever they want in Russia and this would be my answer in this case also - they posed in Estonia and Estonia is a NATO member.
Did you really make a meme about vowel harmony?
Not really, my first language isn't even Indo-European and i find English relatively easy.
If it's a place name, then it would be *Vesijärve* (in the genitive).
And having debt doesn't always mean a bad thing
[The report] describes the problems as follows:
that is it
Americans are more open and less afraid to make mistakes.
Yes, opinions from a former CIA director; U.S.
The one currently in power has quite radically changed it's operating going from "agasint liberalism" to pro-liberalism over the year
Now if fixed radars detect you doing +3kmh and moving radars (on police cars) detect you doing +7 they don't register it as violation
Maybe not in Greece, but didn't find their data.
Common and widely tolerated in pub zones (old towns mostly), but not really tolerated outside these areas.
China because we don't really want their money, influence and technology here due to CCP being a terrible institution
On the flip side you guys approved same-sex marriage with a public referendum, while having been a heavily religious country for a long time
I live in 2 places, Peetri and Jüri
Neither is true and usually educated people know it
We pay your previous salary for 435 days.
And how others should also get high speed internet in their homes
Yeah there's a time and a place for those things, they are called parties and pubs
Yeah, that's why we are making the unintegrated status as something socially lower by not interacting with these people in their language.
And my fellow Estonians trying to say that there's no way we're this homophobic should visit their grandparents more often...
You really don't seem to know much about Estonia...
Egypt plays a big role in history and is a popular tourist destination
I love this weather and I hope it keeps getting warmer (as long as every living being doesn't die because of it)
Seems like the real solution would be to improve standards/update regulations
Tbh, FIFA would be worse than Qatar if it was a country
They didnt let us join with open hands as well and we had to jump through quite many [hoops
fuck him
That's really all what's needed
I mean I had English classes for 11 years in school, used English constantly during my Uni studies and still use it every day for my phd work
But yeah, Israel is also more important.
But computers are mostly for personal gaming, consoles are if you want to invite your friends over!
Many estonian criminals must've not gotten caught because of this tiny inaccuracy
"And then Russia invaded us (again)"
With the refugee crisis it seems everyone is suddenly an expert at whats going in the Middle East; North Africa and know everything about Islam and also know how to live and behave there.
That way you never open a new milk before you've thrown out what is left of the last one.
the Estonian Students' Society's flag became popular almost immediately as it was the first popularized flag of any ethnic Estonian organization in history.
If you think that Sweden is not being destroyed by immigration then you should visit other countries and compare.
Estonia is also known as "the land of Mary" or "Maarjamaa" in Estonian.
Quite popular
What if you enjoy wasting money?
They were basically Vikings in the early to mid middle ages
*kiitus* means "appraisal" in Estonian.
talk / fin
Its currently suspended, ultra-controversial, one-legged mayor Edgar Savisaar is the best known politician.
However everyone who has actually read the book and isn't too ignorant (not everyone) knows that in the book the love didn't come and the whole working to death basically was the tragedy of the novel
The whole question about auxiliary troops was raised _after_ the annexation of Crimea.
A one-sided contract is only a contract automatically in a few distinct cases.
City bikes are more often with hub gears than with derailler gears.
From this word we also have the verb "spikerdama" - "to cheat (on a test)"
Can someone please make this for more countries
I'm not one of the people who blame everything on the Russians
Yeah, sure, whatever problem is put in front of Europe, the answer is "federalizing" for some.
The Pskov oblast is a lot poorer than Estonia so the greener pasture thing wont hold
Just don't compare it with anything the Soviets had in mind with atheism...
Since i dont know any videogames that have been made in Estonian and there are almost never translations, i play games in English
Or even if you don't know them at all, but it's like a public physical work at your workplace or home area, like cleaning or tinkering something
we got euro in 09, and there's not a huge difference in my opinion.
Many modern cities across the world located at coastlines or riversides have their city grounds supported like that
Perhaps because it happens more often.
And it's not the same in every pub.
Under "a permanent threat of being conquered in 24 hours by Russia".
Other than art schools, there are basically no entrance exams, but national high school graduation exam grades are used (you can choose some of the subjects and some are compulsory, but within the same subject, the exam papers are the same for everyone and take place at exactly the same time in every school)
Ofcourse
When did you last see people picketing over this?
The "Union of Centrists" sounds like something relatively new, nigh impossible they well receive enough votes though.
Reindeer meat sauce with potatoes I had once in Sweden was great, much better than our regular minced meat sauce
Narva and Valga
1 000 000 000 000 = triljon
> inches, feet, yards, acres and miles
" "Yes" note that the person getting the bread is unknown so it could be anyone but it's typically either you or we in this specific situation
Its power is still weak, the commission has a near monopoly over the legislative initiative.
The blame for that falls squarely on the refugee crisis of the last few years and EU's handling of it.
For me writing little notes to cheat from is probably the best way to memorize, after you have put hours of work into that little note you won't need it anymore.
I do also agree and know that the Russian spirit brought down the Nazi war machine as most Germans died on the Eastern front, I contribute this to the ordinary farmer Russians and not the USSR leads who were technically as bad as Nazi German leaders
(Poland can join as a middle man)
That bit that some beaches have unused tourism potential is true; however, you must have been really unlucky to have seen such fertilizer pollution.
Its lethal
Shouldn't there be a category between "undeveloped" and "developed", you know like "developing"?
Easterlings as anyone from Norway to Bulgaria?
They all produce oil so there really isn't any trade between them.
Tomato on a black bread
Well, even Belgians itself were not fond of it, when they found out about it
I pick Albanian because of organ-theft and territory theft
No reason not to use it
I can't understand why you make a big issue out of the observers, when the whole process clearly was unlawful.
Also, before the aforementioned person, Germany was a blood hungry bunch of evil people
How many non-Muslin dominated neighbourhoods are there in Denmark then?
To be forced out of your country for economic reasons.
No serious ones
I mean, Article 5 is like the foundation of our security, what makes you think we would be the ones to break it?
/r/Europe is the best sub on reddit
Polish culture =/= Jewish-Polish culture.
I didn't get that bad joke, sorry
It'll be up to the member states
The fact that you live slightly better than some other post-Soviet countries (but definitely worse than Russians) is only because your parasitic economy is being fed by the West, but not for long
Most countries did not have SS-units that were so different in their ideologies and whose lack of crimes was acknowledged by Western Allies
Plus some 100 eur on irregular purchases
My grandfather was deported with his entire family to Siberia in 1949 and there was a formal complain by some neighbor for which they were deported.
Its not classified as a language of its own but Seto, which is old Estonian spoken in south-eastern Estonia
Well they are always [quite weird]
In Europe it started a bit later, when Android was already available
"You're acting like some hillbilly from Kapa-Kohila
My empirical evidence suggests this map is total horse manure
Consider how ostracized he might be now among family and friends - unless they literally all support his move - this is especially ballsy
i wouldnt change a thing
Laughs in Estonian
That doesnt change the fact who they are.
- Mark Cooper-Jones
I think few people would mind if they "revealed the truth" on all candidates/governments equally.
lerne* and aber instead of auch.
I especially like to visit the islands - I've taken up the tradition to visit one new island every summer with a couple of friends.
It's not a flag union, you know...
These refugees come from countries with a huge difference in social norms, so more homophobia, more anti-feminism.
I am really happy with our disposable income atm
autumn is a bit colder than others
Then what the heck is this even?
Looking at what was altered, I honestly place my money on some kind of a troll, not the real editors.
It's a rather [new name] (type in "Ragnar") in Estonia.
The managers are all members of the same student organizations that are active in Estonia as well, most of them having chapters in Toronto
That may not be an entirely bad things, you know
i grew up speaking estonian and my parents switching to more or less broken russian when they wanted to speak about secrets
The [speed signs] at [our ice roads] stretching to the islands in colder winters have a recommended middle speed limit as the middle speeds can cause resonance and break the ice - probably not for you specifically, but definitely for the cars coming after you
Also, there is a lot of belief in many stupid things like healers and witches and clairvoyants and seers etc.
Of course there are problems elsewhere, but Ida-Virumaa is just a massive conglomerate of all those problems
You are saying that they are mostly in suburbs and ghettoes as if it's some kind of an excuse.
The graveyards are so pretty during Christmas/New Year's Eve
We arent nordic, we share nothing with them except the finns, we more or less belong to the eastern european region
We have bus lines directly from port to Latvian border.
1940 was clear hint I hope :D
You either don't know much about international law and world history or you're just trolling by now.
Russians are a lot more conservative than Estonians.
The reason Switzerland is at the top is (among other reasons) that the salaries of academics in Switzerland (and in the Nordics) are considerably higher than elsewhere.
Jesus, that's 68,000 victims more than in Estonia
There was no official agreement about the expansion of NATO, however there was an official agreement about the [territorial integrity of Ukraine] There is absolutely no sense of arguing about that, Russia violated written agreement, NATO did not.
But that guy not only modernised teaching methods, initiated a spelling reform that brought written Estonian much more in line with the actual pronounciation, and started a seminary to educate Estonians to become schoolteachers, he also took two of his students to demonstrate their literacy before the Swedish king to prove that educating Estonians was worthwhile
Now is the best time for Estonia, but 2009 because I would get in on Bitcoin on the ground floor and bet on major events I remember
Don't get too close to the moose!
- [What should a tourist definitely NOT do whilst in your country?]
Indeed, it was probably the same in Estonia, as kvass had become a popular commercialized product by about 1995, which definitely had a strong position on the soft drinks market.
The graveyards are so pretty during Christmas/New Year's Eve
it's all good to drink over here, but some people dislike the taste of some of the sources, like me.
Pretty picture is not an argument
Easter is the Christian version and very few celebrate it.
in this instance, the form of the verb changes ("laulan" -> "laulma"), but it is still not a future tense, because "laulma" is the basic form of the verb and "laulan" is just the conjugated version of it ("singing" vs "i sing")
Lowest effort politicians ever.
Ban Italy from posting pictures please.
I liked it
Estonians also want to build Talsinki tunnel but the research about its feasibility will finish in 2018 AFAIK
Also, playful loving, although it is a bit old expression - armatsema (regular *to love* is *armastama*)
Why wouldn't he, he's a gopnik ;)
Certainly one of the most successful and progressive countries, that is most of the world should look up to.
How is the West related to how rich you are??
UK in general is very expensive on that front
Everything else just resorts to populism and huge rifts in the society.
In the past hyphenated names were more of a thing (eg
If you want to come somewhere where you can feel at home, then I think our climate is just as shitty as yours
I visited Poland last summer and I felt like I was in a crazy pop-up ad
These are different cultures, just like Polish culture and Tatar-Polish culture.
I as OP award you with the Most Random Comment of the Thread award!
That's only possible in a society where the most religious people are tolerant of others.
It is somewhat consoling to know that the three ex-communist countries doing the best: Czechia, Slovenia and Estonia are all heads deep in the Trumpist far-right hole
This combined with Nordstream 2 and the investments taking place is very worrying
In Estonia I guess it has to be "Õnne 13". It has been running since 1993 and has aired 822 episodes in 28 seasons
Hall= grey
It is certainly the first time I hear anyone referring to US states as nation states.
It's our smallest settlement that has a "town" status - it has ~800 people
Since we're talking about things that happened in the past, then I'd mention, that Estonia won a war against the Soviet Union, or the RSFSR.
Chernobyl 2 TV Series confirmed
I would argue that the security environment has changed from 1997 with Russia invading Ukraine etc...
I was just in the /r/unitedkingdom thread about this, someone pointed out that there actually loads of people in the comment section of the Daily Mail hoping this happens.
Today it was 27*C and I had my toes in nice cold snow pile
About schools i guess we learn about it from top to bottom which makes most of Estonian youth dislike Russia and communism
Shortest day is 21 december - sunrise is at 9:17 and sunset is at 15:20
In 1994 the Estonian country of Ida-Virumaa had a homicide rate of 64/100k
Saaremaa 100%, people there have always had a problem with authority and by that I mean they had a tendency to rebel and kill all occupiers
And even then you missed Luxembourg
They were baffled that we don't kiss acquaintances here, not even relatives.
Most likely
Very small amount of articles and most available articles are pretty short
Rather if you notice - all of them are rather uncomfortable name for easy use.
I.e if you had a tax free allowance of say the first 1000 rubles.
Buuut päts took over and gave away our country, but we got better"
Do the French stop shaking hands with women too?
We spice it up with a little salt from our tears.
Maybe we should have let them declare war on us, then immediately surrendered
i thought we mostly joke about russians and germans because of all the "estonian, german and russian
That's the main complaint
Samal ajal kui hanashimasu, watashi kontakteerin watashino salajase otakude neti üle terve Eesti ja anatano IP-d is träkkitakse praegu, nii et sa parem junbishimasu ame jaoks, ujimushi.
He does not represent the views of the majority of Estonians
I even had a few tracksuits that I wore when going foraging or mushrooming.
We actually had some oil reserves off the shore in the Black Sea but they were stolen by Russia
>And add to that, both regions/countries are rather close on the
and Putsi
The West-Slavic languages have not attracted me that much, I think they simply have too few vowels for my personal taste, as pointed out by this webcomic:
Yay : )
Estonia - IT department programmer who drinks waaaaaay too much energy drinks and stays behind their computer all day
Me= we
Do you think it would be as easy for Estonia to take back Pechory, that belonged to Estonia before Soviet occupation but that was later given to Russian SSR?
I have always found out that southerners don't really comprehend what "cold" actually is
I still get some western people explaining to me how life was in Soviet Union
Official soviet history has not died out - it is alive and well in Russia
I would probably do the same in their position, but I have a better job.
We have *härra* (which comes from Swedish *herre* or Old Swedish *hærre*) and *proua* (which comes from Low German *vrouwe* or German *Frau*).
The party that did that in Estonia ruled for 17 consecutive years and more or less well.
Not an official language of the EU.
OMG
+ I see the news on the riots in France, whether the riots are actually that damaging and big or not.
/ Yea, i meant what country not what town
That doesn't sound as outrageous as what's in this clip
I think that the most typical one could be any of Pärnu, Viljandi, Rakvere, Haapsalu, Võru, Paide
We stopped in \~10 cities for a night and it was very cool, are planning to go back to some places
I've also thought of moving to Ireland
Guess I am not a true European then, lol ))
Oh don't worry, Estonians and Finns both really send the worst of their sons to visit each other..
I want to feel European but I dont feel it here
I don't know what's so cool about swear words
or some of us do, i cant relate
(Which happened after SU had its armed forces in Baltic states and had organized general elections with only communist party candidates
Outside of Europe it's more tricky, from the impressions I've gotten perhaps New Zealand and parts of Canada would be the most similar but I've never been there myself
Although wasn't this common before as well?
You are called both poros (*porod*) and mooses (*põdrad*).
I come from a Russian speaking community in Estonia, so my experience is a bit different
It isn't a good one, it creates conflicts, allows no trust and no cooperation, and pushes your neighbours only further and further away
That's barely interesting news even for Estonians...
Standing outside, thinking how cool would it be to work there
Also prices are quite similar so it doesn't become a reason
Even up to late 90s I remember people talking about stuff donated from Finland like clothes, machinery, and such
Psychotic asylums for political prisoners were well in use already in the 1950s.
Spare some snow for the rest of us
Only game I know that has an Estonian translation is minecraft but I still prefer English
It was still ruled from Moscow.
My father's school actually had a shooting range in the basement
/ an inquisition is needed to find the nonbeliever!
I hope I would get out in time...
I definitely don't like having it applied in the seniority manner - I'm still very young but I've substituted lessons at school before and being called 'te' made me very uncomfortable, and I find it a hassle to try and decide which I should use with people.
I think it's partially due to some aspects of architecture that are not so common in the north (though ofc not limited to Hungary in southern parts of Europe) and partially due to the vastness of the landscapes (plains, wine yards, etc)
Ah, an alchemic
While it's not good for the environment, it has made Estonia extremely dependent on that source
Doubt "you don't have the right to declare independence" really works over arguments more in the line of "reasons to not declare independence" and over efficient Spanish policies to counter "reasons to declare independence".
Międzymorze when
Doesn't sound like Estonian to me...
Estonians and Finnish built their saunas in Afghanistan during deployments
I totally expected from the post title for it to be some kind of guessing game
Some finno-ugric people were staying in the Urals until glaciers went northwards, and our people followed those glaciers north.
Especially their best answer to the chosen folks
It doesn't matter what it is in some abstract theory - it was a socialist rule by communist and socialist parties willing to implement communism.
E: also from ex-president Lennart Meri "the situation is shit, but it's the fertilizer of our future"
I actually enjoy the long ferry ride.
Thats so vultureous
Oh indeed, but I wouldn't say that anything isn't universally accepted as a relatively normal food here.
I'm talking about the official classification of the language, which the article most likely uses.
Edit: Estonia would be the IT girl who has had many violent relationships with  Germany and Russia
13% tax that goes to healthcare is paid from every salary and you have no option to not pay it or move to some private healtchare
4 euros
Those aren't really sung often nowadays (especially not the Nazi ones), but some are still quite recognizable, [this] for example
However it never becomes a problem due to different contexts.
Here in Estonia clubs are open till 4-5 in the morning
Local Estonians however, especially the youth, may refuse to speak it even if they are able to theoretically.
Polls show that declaring independence had even less support there than joining Russia (16.6%).
The two books are somewhat intertwined at least in the sense that both of their events partly occur in Finland and Estonia.
but mostly small arms are used
How are the US states nations again?
That's not a foreign language...
I don't think it was a decision based on fear or hate for homosexuals.
And suicide rates go up in the autumn when suddenly it gets dark super early
which differ greatly from the modern literally ukrainian, they sound quite similar to what everyone talked like in early 20th century before the language was standardised again under Russian bias in 1930s.
Real example, where someone refuses to do so:
What do you expect, normal people got the hell off Twitter four years ago
Besides Switzerland and Monaco that have been mentioned here going to Harrods in London was quite an experience, watches that cost tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands, bottles of wine that cost thousands as well and so much more
Depends what you mean by "foreign-born" of course
If you go over 21-40km/h of the speedlimit, then you must wait 60min
I wish you well
There is an industry this already cuts into.
E: Also depends where you're from, maybe in Switzerland it's very similar but coming from south/east Europe it's still worthwhile experience
Christmas market opened in Tallinn
- 82 (Pb) - Plii
Kite in estonian is "tuulelohe", which basically translates to "dragon of the wind", being composed of "tuule" meaning "of the wind", and "lohe" meaning dragon, as i said before
But heard about it from my grandpa
lol, solid reason for Brexit :D
We have a crossroad in Estonia where there's a sign - 2 km to Tapa city (Tapa means kill) and 21 km to Loobu village (Loobu means give up)
You do make 70% of your electricity from those fuels, maybe it gets cheaper for your own people
Regarding Ukraine - plain lies that Russian propaganda tells are not their point of view.
a lot of years since I went to town hall square to have a beer there
As for vocabulary, I like how much technical variability English has, while the grammar on the other hand doesn't allow for as much variance as Estonian
Really, please link me an article that would support this claim?
Communism is one thing, but the new Russian "protector of traditional values" has brought on a resurgence of religion in Russia and to some degree among Russians in other states.
Avoid November and March at all costs (unless you are a freak like me and like November storms)
Still I do remember some bits about being bombed by German planes though
I go to a school that has a lot of russians and sometimes it's almost comedic seeing someone come to class and then proceed to shake hands with everyone
End of school was at about 12:30 or 18:30.
I suppose Chornobyl pretty much sums it up
You will learn something and they will as well, I am sure of it.
Beside economical reasons, the railways that were built during soviet times have different standards (rail width being the most cited one) so they need a complete overhaul to be able to support high speed rail.
The Bronz age giants in the Mediterranean( Greece, Egypt, Italy, phonetians, and China + Japan + Korea
What the fuck
He almost lost majority, but other parties are so divided that it practically doesnt matter that he did.
Estonia seems like a country that really has its shit together.
I've heard that Fiat Multipla is a real chick magnet.
They are relatively sparsely inhabited and far enough from the mainland.
> bread I grew up with, and love
Just as logical as *jõehobu* ("river horsie") for example.
Yeah we do, Rassolnik is quite common
What I do not like, though, are all those very specific English accents, such as Scottish, New Zealand English, Southern U.S. English, etc
>The Museum of Occupations in [Tallinn] [Estonia] \[...\]   is dedicated to the 1940-1991 period in the [history of Estonia] when the country was occupied by the [Soviet Union] **then** [**Nazi Germany**] and then again by the Soviet Union
Just because you read youth literature doesn't mean you're somehow smart
1 000 000 = miljon
Hmm
Estonia has no mountains like Scandinavia, nor wide rivers like Latvia, which is why we're in a much worse position when it comes to competitive hydroenergy, compared to our neighbours
I don't know that many European fast food restaurants, but you Finns really got something right with Hesburger
This is indeed your very generic Lutheran parish church in Estonia.
In a small town, stuff is often easier or cheaper because your friends mother owns the place you want to rent and your other friends uncle works at that catering you want to order foods from and the theatre director is your friends older brother etc, everybody knows someone who knows someone
People are downvoting because a part of the REMAIN supporters(journalists, media in general) are basicly calling to ignore the referendum and stay in the EU regardless of the vote, and this "court ruling" is the first step to giving the MPs the power to make Britain stay.
Because not viewing Estonia as a Nordic country is stupid.
It's not like some countries are relevant and others are not, they just all carry different weight.
* If you have non-lifetrheatening disease, waiting periods for doctors can take up months
Main place to go and pronunciation difference kicks out.
One dominant nation within one sovereign state creates an insurance for that specific culture to retain its distinct culture.
It's mostly down to location
Then there are many others that includes letters that are not represented in the Estonian name, but are still somewhat logical, for example they might have K, H or Ts instead of C, F instead of P, Ts instead of Z, I instead of J, Ks instead of X, Ü instead of Y, V instead of W, or for example Rhodium (Rh) is Roodium and Thorium (Th) is Toorium
Almost all in English
we love it when an inspiring person gets on stage and talks about how great
>a cutesy way of saying
- 10 euros: 1 mediocre meal in a regular pub and a beer
Highly doubt it, but I wouldn't get fucked over on the right(i would if i were gay etc) but I see this question as what would be the most beneficial for me, as a person.
Do you even know how much the Finnish and Swedish economies affect our economy?
The one where there were brutal killings
Valmis või ei, siit ma tulen
When you lose all your keys, you go crumbling down with your system
I was just about to say that I saw Belgian number plate in Estonia
Women just generally drink less.
The collapse of Yugoslavia
Amen
And just with 2 seconds of googleing I found that there is such thing as Jewish social-cultural association in Poland that is doing just that.
Lately I've been becoming edgier when switching to English, which is weird
Apparently we have a national team with a few international games, but I've never heard of them.
But, apparently, we have 5 clubs playing it
Estonia is similar, jealousy is "kadedus"
Not as if you had the biggest military in the world and the biggest economy of all democratic countries...
* China
At first it was a Latvian city but more and more Estonians moved there thanks to the new railroad to the extent where about 80% of the people living there were Estonian
Sometimes total obedience to rules is not good either
There are no people in this thread yelling that True Nazism has never been tried and it was just excesses of one man
Holodomor was made intentionally so I don't really see what do you mean by this
Didn't stop them from getting their ass handed to them by Finnish winter.
Sure, but I think personal safety is a bit more important than getting on a car fast.
False, Finns would never stand that close to each other
Damn people age fast in Romania
You just don't understand how deep the negative sentiment goes.
You obviously don't know how Russians know these things because you are not a Russian yourself.
Way to go, you just proven their strategy right.
We have plenty of historical precedent to be wary.
It's Finno-Ugric, which is a subgroup of the Uralic languages.
All new EU members were absolutely pro freedom of movement within the EU, and for EU citizens to settle, but there was no agreement on allowing in people from **outside the EU**!
I think that they can be pretty interesting
The Fingolian hordes at *vappu*?
Uhm, isn't net average wage in Lithuania almost 900/m?
Could also be another Balt or a Finn, though
That might be something that triggers people to turn stormfronty.
I don't think that will change any time soon.
People don't need to be religious to be stupid.
All of the things you wrote are false choices.
Writing it down in IPA would have taken too much time which I didn't have ;)
"We" in my mind would also include proto-Finnic people, but "we" as distinctly Estonians and not Finns would still go back thousands of years.
Damn it, what's wrong with [black bread] and [Baltic Herring]õileib&oq=kiluvõileib&gs_l=img.3..0j0i24k1l2.1992.6883.0.7920.15.8.4.3.3.0.461.1391.0j6j4-1.7.0....0...1c.1.64.img..1.10.989...0i30k1j0i5i30k1.MMOGWt1Lnh4)?
Our average age of doctors was 51 in 2018
After the war Germany was divided and it had no power to ask Kalingrad, or Köningsberg, back.
i cant think of any others right now
How Norse-influenced was ancient Estonia (pre-13th century)
I constantly hear that "why are they required to learn Estonian, it is a pointless exercise".
Patriotism takes all sorts of different shapes.
Finland - Soome (derived from Suomi)
So it's understandable why a nonbeliever would be ashamed if such a huge share of his country believes in something that has no evidence to believe in.
> the politics are just dogshit, corruption everywhere
Blood sausages are very popular in Estonia.
Usually [quite empty] as attendance is pretty low.
Dammit, Denmark, you're in our way!
Although, if in parliamentary elections in Estonia:
If this gets built, it's just another incentive for the Tallinn-Helsinki tunnel.
Post links to prove it
Wow, I really love people talking about stuff they don't know anything about (except through random tertiary sources)
"kindergarten", they just straight up stole a German word, didn't even try to anglicize it
i think the sense of safety has a lot to do with how well you know the area, hence why i said it depends
What a great time, eh
The guy looks [almost the same] right now.
I can't imagine any party without an alcohol
>private health care leaving millions without the means to afford proper care
Saaremaa is probably barely over the green colour line - Hiiumaa however is a bit richer than the Estonian average indeed.
So it wasn't like they just made a city in the middle of sea
Damn, I'd be broke very fast if I spent so much on food everyday :D
It's not per se *estonian*, but it does involve dumplings and that shit is huge here.
That must have been tough
Plus it is light and there are always enough people around.
Approach in Russian only if you are sure that the other person is Russian.
Of course, water here is very good
I dont feel any common identity with other european countries especially western ones, we have nothing in common
Some old people just go to sauna once a a week, but I think they usually have a mid-week tiny-wash as well
the first one i could think of is Kapa-Kohila
Mix it with milk (say 1:4 or 1:3), it becomes dangerously delicious.
Finns are mostly drunk introverts so we get along with them.
Can I get into Nordic
Don't forget to blame others when they don't pay.
Somebody has to pick up the bill.
we call it "three king's day" and we don't really celebrate it, but it is a tradition to take out the christmas tree on this day or at least BY this day, and it is also the last day it is okay to wish happy new year
I really liked that it felt way less crowded than one would think, looking at the number of people that live there
> Bielefeld
I just came
If in fact some ministers are appointed undemocratically, then the system is no longer democratic, as for that to happen, somewhere down the line must exist an undemocratic institution.
Once you complete the series you know everything you ever need to know about the conflict
E: Also depends where you're from, maybe in Switzerland it's very similar but coming from south/east Europe it's still worthwhile experience
Türa
Ah, to actually go school to another country, every day!
In estonian you could say "üksikasjaline" but also could say "lihtne"
>But it’s rather naive to think that political elites in Poland and the Baltics would be able to indefinitely resist political pressure from major EU members, if one day they decided to change their Russian policy
Smaller than in Californian Gold Rush of 1849.
What if some people don't think it's perfection?
we have 2 porn stars
I think when older people speak English with an Estonian/finnish accent, like on the news or Smth, some of us feel a bit embarrassed because rally english is a blight
The Guardian article is not focusing solely on this one interview, but of several together.
We make pea soup  eat pig and use the bone to create a toy with string in it
I wonder what company we have..Skype...
Strauss is my favourite composer that's why i  watch it
>from 300 to 6
There are currently 57 women with that name and pretty much all of them are 85+
At most it is archaic negative prejudice.
And additionally with the [Estonian alien’s passport] you can travel visa-free to both Russia and the Schengen area, which is not possible with both the Russian or Estonian passport
I've been a winter runner for a decade now and have fallen like once or twice, but I feel the ground being far more slippery when walking.
Somehow Andorra and San Marino get by, let's not get carried away here.
Depends from country then
for some reason
Yes we do, albeit a smaller one focused towards locals this year
> dinner at 22:00
b) white bread - ham- cheese - tomato
Turkey: who needs plains anyway
Don't you know what a subculture is?
Meanwhile, Kazakhstan has become more vary of Russian influence and is trying to strengthen the national identity and language
Today is like opposite day as we have Estonians and Latvians like u/toreon and u/LatvianLion making excuses for communism
you're a pretty great lad yourself
Just another day in London
com
Many languages don't even have a word for a federacy, so mixing them up is quite common.
For some of the most recent ones, this is essentially right after regaining or restoring independence
Associating us with today's Russia or the old Soviet Russia
The number of the biggest ethnic minorities - Russians, Ukrainians, Belarusians, Finns and Tatars has gone down.
Well, on all Estonian foods
[Võro] is still spoken and it can be a little tough for Standard Estonian speakers to understand, while [Seto] is even more different and is very difficult for Standard Estonian speakers to understand
5 meters lmao
Handball really
It hurts when some stupid Western youths start to praise the USSR or claim that the West is about the same...
I think New Zealand is a really good bet to most of the british isles
The only other North Estonian dialect still spoken is the Islands dialect, which differs on specific islands
Also only Latvia and Lithuania are actually Baltic
>no the USSR is not even close to a good example of what Communism is
That might be because it's windy and snowing-raining-snowing-raining-snowing here often and my winter jacket is super windproof and waterproof
or goes alcohol shopping in them
>whatever the language
There are loads of tourists and foreigners in Tallinn, so you hear the language pretty much everywhere.
In my circle of friends, it’s seen as a bit weird when someone marries and has children in their twenties
No real Christian parties in Estonia.
We have the mythics like Kalevipoeg and Töll
my granny lives near the border and casually goes grocery shopping in latvia
You know,  no-one has to go robbing houses to get their wifes cancer removed or to pay off the debt from that and so forth
English is my second foreign language after German, I learned it just how every kid of my generation learned English - through Cartoon Network.
>is  showing up, not actually voting
I think positions of middle school teachers for physics, chemistry, biology and languages other than English are often vacant
Some people think Estonian "golden age" was during first 20 years of independence from 1920 to 1939
Here's a scenario for you, smart ass: the 27.8% come and add another 5% advantage to the Leave vote.
8 being my favorite), but the stupid officials organizing the vote in Estonia didn't fathom the basic principles of picking the most favorable from multi-choice question and simply picked the one with the most votes in the first round.
I don't think we want to be in any kind of union with you guys
I was thinking about symbols more in general, not what that sensitive symbol might be in different countries.
Perhaps indeed that you are the only ones to directly elect the electoral assembly used for indirect elections.
It is rather about what we are, i.e.
Packages are put into parcel machines, leaving packages on porches is unheard of
5 hour walk
house / fin
In Estonia whole winter this year is basically a 90 day November and currently it is storming outside
All the Fins and Swedes probably took em
Climate is the statistics of weather, usually over a 30-year interval.
Idk what that phrase means but i'd understand the Finnish version as: Elav kala on vee all (A living fish is umder the water)
Tallinn certainly has a reputation of danger in the smaller cities especially Lasnamäe, Kalamaja, Kopli and to a lesser degree Mustamäe.
There aren't even the train tracks yet.
Winter
It has regained some ground among Estonians, but it's still not the most popular sport among us, while it most likely is among local Russians.
>Few people actually save up to buy
The horror
Yes, having visa-free travel to both the EU and Russia is a major benefit, plus getting away from conscription is a major factor for many others.
Your tyrants are our tyrants ;D
I love baba is you
Too bad that I am shit in drawing
governments are illegitimate because of their inability to defend their climate
- *Kuidas/kuis läheb?* - "How is/how's it going?"
Jäääär (jää+äär) -  the edge of ice, kuuuurija (kuu+uurija) - observer of the moon or my favorite -  "kuuliteetunneliluuk" (kuuli+tee+tunneli+luuk) or in (somehow) translation - the hatch for the path for the bullet
True, but in Estonia, he is doing it entirely arbitrarily
We have regular flights from Tallinn to the two main islands, Saaremaa and Hiiumaa.
I had rather positive culture shocks whilst in NYC, but I guess it's rather different from the rest of the country
They most definitely aren't, these are rather arbitrary straight lines.
Pea, õlad, pepu, põlved, varbad, põlved, varbad
Not that they don't sometimes take part of student policy making.
What are you celebrating on Halloween exactly
Built by foreigners is kind of true, although, it's not like we invited them ;)
Wait what people do that
* One fell because minister of interior recorder his private meetings with other politicians
And also if you're underslept and if you've eaten enough
The job market is starting to dry up imo.
Nice: 10 to 18
Why the fuck would you eat nutella with butter
We need another Ice Age so Europe would be bigger
You have to consider the balance sheet here...
There's also a bar called Kivi (Stone) so when somebody asks where you are you can say "Ma olen kivis" aka "I am stoned"
We're also the state with the second lowest teacher salary rate last time I checked.
It's like the other person said, we just want it to be spelled correctly
Rollercoasters
Residents do not get free public transport in Tartu
Oh yeah, there's an upper limit as well.
Turkey's weird
Our forest percentage stands around 50% (Estonia).
That's an Estonian band tho
The situation here is not favorable: just look at what you have to deal with to sell something inside the EU
There wasn't but it wasn't an issue.
Snus and nicotine pouches are also popular, about 6% men either do snus everyday or a few times a week
Maybe the Lasnamäe region of Tallinn
Katariina instead of Jekaterina)
As most of the old traditions it's becoming a rarer sight by the year
>Only 70 pro-independence votes out of 135-seat chamber
Every tourist site in France was filled with Africans trying to sell you "bling" and I only visited the three main Swiss cities and not the mountainous south.
There really is no alternative here, he is either utterly hated or madly loved.
I really don't like the Estonia (It's ok but strange), kinda sounds like a website for geology fans of something
Its still not a thing amongst older people  but most of the youth celebrates it
are so nice to read in subtitles :)
Well ... government changes or 'mild-revolutions' take time (and when the time comes it happens super-fast)
For example it is widely thought that men are better at keeping their mouth shut, but Janusz Korwin-Mikke clearly proves otherwise.
At least Kopli is getting better and fast
A nation is both smaller and bigger than a sovereign state.
Then as I was browsing youtube language videos for some totally different reason, I found out it's alive and kicking, just never ever mentioned anywhere in the media
Italian navy is basically picking them up as soon as they put their feet in the water
Sadly the Estonian Swedish dialects are all but extinct nowadays, as when the coasts were declared restricted zones after the USSR took over, most of the coastal Swedes were displaced and emigrated to Sweden
Which is why compound words are pretty self-explanatory ;)
Outright ban to me seems unnecessarily drastic
I remember in Rome woman who owned the apartment my family stayed in was complaining about "cold" spring
How absurd that while you are free to and even encouraged to buy goods from another member state, but then you can't actually do the environmentally reasonable thing and return them to the system
If not for the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact and WW2 in general today‘s Estonia would look very different
But if the car industry turned out to be not working out in that region then there really is nothing to do.
If you are an American, then you don't qualify for asylum.
Wonder what would happen if an average family has many children, who cannot all inherit enough property and they don't have enough money to buy an apartment in the country.
This would be exactly what Russia wants.
At least now you understand why we are "paranoid" when there is a rabid autocratic dog on our doorstep.
There are no examples of stalinist architecture here, really
The task was just too big to manage in a few decades...
There are seven people actually :)
After I'm done screaming at least.
Absolutely not
The same is true for Finland and Lithuania to a lesser degree, while with Russia and Sweden, we'd learn more about their countries themselves
Well, true
Frying pan: 33-40+
Well not exactly what you're asking, but "twelve months" in Estonian sounds like "cocks taste good" to English speakers.
Here's a revolutionary idea: have my body cremated and the ashes buried in a cemetery next to my ancestors.
What do you do then with Hungarians, as they are quite similar to you guys.
apparently she found out about it when she was in germany in the 90s
Or "Helping" - because very few actually want to be safe in Hungary.
> I'm pretty sure my symptoms are just my regular allergy/cold
A lot of fake crap spreads there.
It's huge, you could fit around 380 Estonias in Russia.
Well, true
You mean full out war
I loved the Imperial War Museum, the National History Museum though I got completely lost in
In my language it is the preferred non-diplomatic name though.
Indeed, but isn't there also this "we know he did horrible things, but he made USSR "great again", so it's all good" kind of sentiment?
England = Inglismaa
When we think of democracy we think of Europe and North-America.
"You won't believe how many times NATO has intercepted Russian aircraft above the Baltic in 2016 alone!"
I don't think civil wars, famines and overpopulation are "happy african values". Most of the population in african countries have shitty life, and it's not relative, let's not kid ourselves
Estonia split into three areas by population
* Nazi Germany flag with swastika
Yeah, sometimes, but I guess that's included in the previously mentioned categories
I suggest saying "Mu sõber Epp on õpetaja" instead.
It does seem to have sort of a very "round" pronunciation, which I think is an odd quality when it comes to languages
Glögi is called mulled wine in English
Pärnu - Pernau
The same change that gave us free roaming also allowed for ISPs to abolish some data gaps, effectivly allowing fast lanes
All of these are great but i like especially this one
That's when I went "Heyyyyy.....wait a second, i eat that 'dog food' for breakfast : ("
- 79 (Au) - Kuld
While it's of course spectacular that this is the case for an entire city, it really isn't that uncommon
Estonia has had ID cards (with a chip) since 2002
I mean it's not that they're not really nice it's just they are extremely comfortable
Poor and drunk
Also if you are going from outside to enter your  apartment  and hear your neighbors coming from behind on staircase - better hurry up and get to apartment first to avoid that awkward "hi".
Tallinn and Harjumaa in general are thought of as arrogant urban people who have traded their “Estonianness” for success, while Tartu is thought of the city of intellectual bohemians
At least not in such scale as potatoes, so that you could eat them every day
Or pre Christian Estonia before the crusades in 12 century
A racetrack
Faehlmann and Kreutzwald compiled this from legends in Estonian folklore and unified them into a whole story in a poem form
At home there is landline connections so no need to use 4G internet there.
5 years into the Syrian Civil War, literally thousands upon thousands of times civilian death are reported and here comes 2016 - a woman is finally angered at the reports of civilian deaths.
You guys really want that island, don't you
It was even sung when it was taken down from the official song list.
Only later they learn enough to understand basic conversation.
cultural gap between Finland and Estonia
Did you see me justifying Turkish actions
And yes - being religious does mean that you are less religious.
Great own a car but do you need to take it to the city on short trips
when you're a shitty parent who believes theyre the only one whose opinion matters: "the child speaks when the chicken pisses" (chickens dont piss)
Yay
For example, every summer they elect an earthly representative of their mythical king Peko for the upcoming year
Same goes for other languages I presume as the law can't really be language-specific.
Stupidest design
We really don't have many problems with them.
What's the deal with scandinavians getting their flags by invading finns/estonians?
"Sure" means "die" in Estonian and that one is not a joke :P
I know the story, I'm from Lasnamäe myself
What, you think those people on their way to work and children walking home from school are invincible to dangers
Poland should be sending their troops to the USA!
Wow, I really love people talking about stuff they don't know anything about (except through random tertiary sources)
And do you actually want to have an island
and by too far i mean like more than 1
Not on the roadside in that sense, but in every parish center.
Yet
Look at the other comments, a lot of them mention countries that do not exist today
This would be the first time I am hearing about this.
It works the same way here in Estonia too
True, just a few weeks ago there was a game of Jeopardy in Estonia, with so-called "wise-man round", all previous champions etc
[Such things] happen in the north.
That’s a whole lot of words just to say you’re wrong anyway
The Prime Minister said he didn't remember such an event, but didn't deny it either.
Italians: Verbosity -> **MOAR VERBOSITY**
Usually alone, unless it's comfortable for the parents to drop them off
A warm beer will nicely warm your insides up aswell, making the inevitable jump into the cold pond even more enjoyable
Yes, it's expected that kids will go to school on their own after a few weeks at age 7
Estonian SS-Panzergrenadier Division to be precise)
same lmao
In the Baltics the bases are in the middle of the country, not by the border.
I personally also felt an odd connection when visiting Portugal
Where is that
I have never been to an English-speaking country and I barely have an accent.
Some people want the name of Estonia in English to be Estland (i.e the name it has in many Germanic languages)
We'll keep it
I think **[Estonia]** should show America where its place is in global politics!
Wasn't it illegal in Denmark to fly flags of other countries and unions
It's a sense of common group belonging, either due to common language (ethno-linguistic group), common religion (ethno-religious group), common regional identity (ethno-regional group) etc
Yeah different countries have different prices for most services due to different economic development.
Tallinn - Reval
Fresh air and pine forest
The places I lived at the capital had no problem with tap water
Never heard of it in Estonia
People sang forbidden and patriotic songs and held hands to protest against the Soviet government
Does anybody know if the BBC is offering a live stream of their election coverage tonight like they did for Brexit?
Łódź was the first I didn't know
Melenchon - probably a more socialist Jill Stein, but less GREENy.
Gun go boom, there is a reason why Eastern Europeans talk about the crazy '90s.
The Estonian National Museum absolutely striked with its size.
It’s not crowded, we actually have nature, good standards of living, and nobody beheads anyone
"Oh boy, let's sort by controversial"
At least I don't know any stores that sell anything like that
[Every babuskha is a towelhead]
Ignorant question but isn't a large portion of that region ethnically Russian anyways in terms of culture language and values anyways?
estonians also tend to just forget articles (a, an, the) altogether, since we don't use them
Funny thing to most people is that sauna keeps going no matter the heat
[Lell'o]
Abbreviations like *lägaburks*, *lögaburks* and *rotiburks* are also common
Pure oil has no goddamn place in a potato salad
If it was for u/h2ppyme Estonia should build a 1km tall wall on their borders with Russia and on the whole length of it write a huge "FUCK YOU RUSSIA".
Or just leave the country in search of a better job.
Most of those who are old enough to have grown up in the USSR can speak Russian to some extent, younger people generally don't (aside from the ones who are Russian themselves, of course)
They won't after our leftist government implements its high tax on alcohol..
Finland independent, but Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are not.
The way I see it, IRL's ratings were in the toilet anyway so they really didn't have much to lose.
But those who lived here after the collapse of Soviet Union were offered citizenship without any exams.
I spent 20x of the cars value in repairing it.
Gender is not arbitrary for a social group.
There isn't really anything overtly sexual about being pregnant, so it's common enough to talk about the details
but we definitely don't have any heatwave
I'd like to copy Not being poor from Norway
Even that, what makes Estonia Baltic?
H is how you spell N in Russian
:D Tallinn here to refute your map, try not to get hit by the wind chill
The year's inflation rate was 7.4%.
We have Jaffa in Estonia too
Just pointed out the truth chief
yeah, usually we just have them plain or perhaps with some kind of sour jam.
Finnish/Estonian are easy to detect by their prolonged vowels.
But I've done it a bit as we have a border town with Latvia and they actually have made the schedules match, so you can take a train to Valga, then hop off and in the same tiny station hop on the Latvian trains and get to Riga
I have no complexes about calling myself eastern European.
No matter how much the Netherlands wishes it you can't become like mountainous Austria (63% hydro) with great rivers getting your electricity from hydro
In Estonia local Russians are more or less from the same latitudes and the stereotype always labels them more social and talkative than Estonians.
Gender inequality exists to a degree in every society, but it's often not where people think it is and much of the energy goes into wrong places that only damage the idea that there could be gender inequalities.
Idk we like it here and it's mostly seen as "the place you drive to for your job/bc of shops/bc you gotta get on your plane" if you live outside Tallinn or any other city
A considerable amount of Germans moved in and they became the relatively distinct [Baltic Germans] and a considerable amount of Swedes moved in and they became the relatively distinct [Estonian Swedes] or "Coastal Swedes".
And that is not just Turkish peculiarity, it is so with every large minority.
And deffo not only for their standard of living.
Even young ones are more conservative compared to western countries.
There is just so much wrong with this sentence.
Got to lower the need for oil shale somehow.
Enjoy this murderous weather while it lasts
Best: [7th Wonder] by Ira Losco, Malta, 2002.
That has been my experience with every American I've met.
Yeah I think it's exclusively about sports and the problem is not having no expertise on the subject, rather not working out.
The territory of Estonia covered an area of 47 549 km2 in 1920–1944, nowadays it covers an area of 45 339 km2
Considering that it's basically the only one growing in population, it should now be about as big as the 2nd-35th town combined.
Apply for universities or apply for permits or do your tax declaration (literally takes one minute if you don't have your own company) etc etc
Multimedia, Programming, British culture, Arabic culture and creative writing
The coat of arms really does suit on the Slovakian flag!
"But it's not legal according to our constitution" is a shitty argument when talking about a right originating from international law, especially that of jus cogens.
I live 15 minutes from Malmö, and I'm there semi regularly, and it's always absolutely fine
i think
These are the people who lost their jobs and economic prospects when indigenous industry relocated to low tax and low cost jurisdictions.
The "[murderous horde]" lives in the suburbs quite by the definition of the word *gopnik*.
As opposed to nationalistic people who are totally not insecure and trying to claim their countrymen's achievements as their own somehow?
This would be a very progressive way to see history as there was no international law as such banning such atrocities.
It works most of the time though, in a case where the populist party is kept as a minor player in the otherwise mainstream government.
Mõisaküla, just for the fun of it
Only perpetuates the fedora meme.
Now this is what i can agree with
maja: est
Heavy snowfall affects our daily lives a lot more, as does the melting period, when the streets are slippery
Slang and foreign word roots do not conform to vowel harmony.
That's really all what's needed
I see your really cashing in with the free karma
The fact that they were given the choice of fighting or being shot?
Many agnostics say they are atheists though, as do I.
All Nordic and Baltic countries.
Lithuania is also the only one of the three to not have huge stocks of Russians immigrants...
It has been translated to English as much as I know.
It doesn't mean you can't criticize a system that allows such things to happen in the first place
Estonia has been through a lot, and the USSR committed heinous crimes to us
I always recognize the Swedish accent, but Norwegians seem to have a very mild accent if any.
English:
See juba on
Home Alone and Die Hard are shown on TV every year during Christmas
Estonian area was an autonomous zone where Baltic Germans rules the land and German was the language of administration and the cultural elite
On an another note, I wouldn't be suprised if both Lithuania (already has imo) and Latvia will pass us..
How is the driver responsible for another person leaving the car
Special units like K-Komando, comparable to S.W.AT
Glad you guys joined us there =D
Indeed it does
We've only had this one flag lol
This subreddit is notorious for people asking the same questions over and over again.
There is a possibility that next one will fall because of same incident because investigation just started and one involved party is included in next coalition
As far as foreign rulers go, the times hanging with you were some of the best times, thank you for trusting the locals
TIL she has a sister
United Russia is and will be leading RF for the future.
In english you can have stuffy nose, runny nose and you can sneeze or have sniffles or cold in the head
These Eastern Europeans are EU citizens.
Currywurst is possibly the most boring food I've noticed anyone making a fuss about.
Wow, looks like the window was closed on one side of the room
They are just called the Livonian Order, period.
E.g. Balti jaam is probably one of the ugliest and most impractical central stations in Europe
I don't think that's needed in case of menstruation.
In Estonia this is actually a very controversial subject
Liberal ideas are also almost nonexistent among them.
Bad and inhumane regulation by these territorial states
Then that should be against both the radical left and the radical right, not mainstream social democracy and conservatism.
But they are not confronted
in this instance, the form of the verb changes ("laulan" -> "laulma"), but it is still not a future tense, because "laulma" is the basic form of the verb and "laulan" is just the conjugated version of it ("singing" vs "i sing")
And some Spaniards believe that "footing" means jogging in English
not that special, but i once had a couple of asian tourists ask me where the stop for the tram number five was
That's [degressive representation] not winner takes it all!
The ENSV flag, cuz hammer and sickle
I think we had precisely 1 lesson in a book in 7th-8th grade dedicated to dialect words from different parts of the country and the fact that shouldn't use them unless it's an informal conversation
Generally I loved it as NYC is definitely a very unique setting
Kept refrigerated
Welfare state is a general term.
We have some polish products
Some pictures of it happening today
stupid and reckless as Ref was
Exactly, so I quite frankly don't get your point.
Aight boutta move a country over, might check up on an old discord friend too
Said by every edgy "political analyst", who doesn't know how international law works...
Regardless of how much they spin it, they can't.
The classroom looks the same but we didn't have cleaning or finances subjects
At least such a map would have to show this possibility.
Don't worry - you'll always have Estonians who think that your language is ugly
Hmm
After 2007 we have become pretty good defending against misinformation and cyber attacks
> Also, how do you get the flag and country name next to your username on this subreddit
I'm pretty sure if they gave US citizens refugee status, the rest of the world could demand one too...
Bruh i didnt even know .-.
Any German, Russian, Swedish, Danish, Polish political ruler in the past 800 years
or with "kukkki" , the word consists of "kukk" and the suffix "-ki". instead of saying each individual letter like "khkhkh", you just hold the silent part of the letter K for a bit longer
The temperature feels amazing but it's hard to use your brain
Different cursive for English and also Russian cursive when we learnt that
I would rather have someone with stinky feet than shoes.
Read about the [State continuity of the Baltic states]
tsast*
They have their autonomous republics.
The 12th century is the high medieval period
Though it may have been the case if they hadn't continued with the claims and invasions so that it caused a world war.
Sided by mass deportations and Russification through mass immigration...
Many were named after oaks as it was among the most common farm names.
I've been thinking about buying one just for novelty
And for the love of everything good and holy, I cannot live without our black bread
I find it hard to believe any other party would have done a better job.
1 prime minister per log
and like other people here are saying, the whole "too focused on race" thing the americans do
The Estonian government collapsed just now too
It isn't about the shock, it's also the socio-historical buildup of these countries.
It has literally nothing to do with people
belief in God fell in favor of faith in the State
An individual should speak Russian and be able to successfully pass a language test.
In my opinion most people are too attached to rigid 9-5 workweek and don't even think about other options
Question for a Spanish person
And we're 17th in the same index along with Iceland
Where are you going in Russia
The depressing thing is the polls don't show much of a shift, in fact PiS lost a bit, while Konfederacija gained, I assume Kofnederacija is even more right wing since it incldues reacitonist parties
How our capital (called Reval back then) was quite an important city for our location for trade between the west and east (ofcourse this location was also a curse why we were conquered so many times)
Not for the light-hearted, but best Estonian movie about school bullying/school shooting: [Klass] There's also a TV series about what happens after this tragedy.
>If you are being called racist or xenophobe, maybe it's worth taking a look at your statements
Where's this
haha epic fist bump
Similar to culturally close countries.
From my personal experience the Burschenschaften are generally crazy radical.
Some beers are sold in [one pint cans]
To be fair before that things were a lot more calmer as well (Estonian speaking).
Seems suspicious
Apparently it's spread to the Russian community here.
In total, it's over 10% of ethnic Estonians involved every time.
Or when the Finnish military orders a *piiritys* ("siege") of a town, then the Estonian military sets out to distill some of their own *piiritus* ("moonshine").
That would be somewhat true (although still as horrific) if soviets gave the chance to "change class" as you said
For example Venezuela and Serbia are almost the same.
There is no such generic thing as Eastern European languages, neither is Estonia or its language Eastern European...
I don't see what's wrong with me stating it.
That is just how we Nordics roll.
You guys should really open yourself to tourism more (that you already started with the visa-free lists), I think it will bring you tons of money with just a little marketing
Well as I'm white and straight, I guess id just swallow my morals and go with the right.
Legitimization is an important actor here.
They were very rich
The UK has historically had a very conservative stance in politics, which also explains their euroscepticism in part
KFC "just" came to Estonia and there was a lot of hype around them, huge opening lines etc
As for vocabulary, I like how much technical variability English has, while the grammar on the other hand doesn't allow for as much variance as Estonian
It's just that unintelligent people can't see that because they only look at the surface of some of the institutions.
I don't remember the exact phrasing in Estonian, but I saw some movie subtitles where "I'll pop a cap in his ass" was translated as something like "I'll shove my hat up his ass".
It makes it more profitable for investors to take out money from their companies and start new ventures, instead of reinvesting the profits back into the same companies.
This could be done by making sure the lower ranks start siding with the protestors (like law enforcement and factory workers) and ending in the higher ranks distrusting him
I'm from Ukraine,it does look like Chernobyl
Yeah, none of the commentators are from Baltics, mind you.
Perhaps it was a shitty joke in my opinion?
Soros is not an ordinary investor.
To a [very small extent] It is rather rare if a young ethnic Estonian is religious.
Hey, stop
Estonian here
Well that's a bit far-fetched, don't you think?
Weekly 10 most popular shows are usually all from ETV
It also had the protection of human rights in it.
And that's why kids should not be talking about law...
You forgot Holodomor and mass deportations on cattle trains
According to 2019, 44% of non-Estonians(ethnicity) supported NATO
Would he be able to form a coalition?
Hopefully your school was an exception in this, yet I'm quite sure there were cheater schools in every country.
The people coming with boats to Italy aren't citizens.
It’s quite common and normal to be single and be focused on your career instead
In the countryside people have less experience and that's where the "rally driver accent" sticks out.
When interpolating this then Portugal-sized Latvia would have 60,800.
Technicalities, Baltic SS legions were acquitted of crimes as they were SS by name but not by formalities is the short version
I have never seen anybody saying “Aitäh” to the bus driver even he/she is the last passenger getting off the bus
Russia ofc
Czech Republic and Slovenia are even closer to Western countries and are doing slightly better.
> You’ve had thirty years to figure this shit out and stop being the worst polluters in Europe
If we'd built a nuclear plant, we would probably rise on the list as it's still better than oil shale.
The most impressive ones in Estonia:
They're like us without the Soviet occupation shit.
The topic has kind of become relevant again because our new president refuses to attend church services during public holidays that previous presidents have attended out of tradition.
A British comedy TV series "Yes, Minister" / "Yes, Prime Minister" assuming the quality of the humour remains it would be hilarious
It would be awesome if someone were to actually test them and show the public what they really are
What happened to all of east Prussia and everything east of the river Oder
The Fidel Castro pic has no connection to the article.
Why didn't you just buy some cake?
There were both Estonia (commonly called Esthia in Latin texts) and Livonia.
Can understand Finnish sometimes in writing, but not without issues
There is one very important thing in electric grid and it is balancing
The connections there are in ones mind, the memories, the habits - they all play a great role in this
This is horrible news
Also maybe Oregon, Louisiana, Michigan, Virginia, New Mexico, Maine, Montana, etc really depends on your interests, of which places do you hear often
Soviets never built back up anything that remotely reminds Central-Western Europe at its best
What name is your country's John Smith?
Almost all islands have their own dialects, southern part of our country also has like 5 dialects, so does northern
mass chaos isn't a political term :)
Because Russians were sent to these countries illegally under an illegal foreign occupation to Russify the countries and create an eternal fifth column.
It was a reference to recent terrorist attacks.
CGP grey made a great video called The Rules for Rulers
Well, mitte väga aga veits ikka :(
It really doesn't feel like it's really hit us as hard as it actually has
Got 3 h of sleep last night, it didn't drop below 20°C even at night and the cottage where I stayed in had a stable temp of 35°C and like 70% humidity
For example the souvenir shops are full of Russian matryoshka dolls and Baltic amber, neither of which have anything to do with Estonia.
"Tee tööd ja näe vaeva siis tuleb armastus" (Do work then love will come) from A.H.Tammsaare
"Burning bridges" is actually also an expression
>can be a bomb during vaccine development
It has nothing to do with religion if you don't go to church.
Our national songs are mostly choral songs, due to the Estonian Song Festival tradition.
Well I think its the regulations put in place
Just too much bad history with them ://.
Eastern Europeans started to cheer for the far right wingers
" With unwavering faith and a steadfast will to strengthen and develop the state which embodies the inextinguishable right of the people of Estonia to national self-determination and which was proclaimed on 24 February 1918, which is founded on liberty, justice and the rule of law, which is created to protect the peace and defend the people against aggression from the outside, and which forms a pledge to present and future generations for their social progress and welfare, which must guarantee the preservation of the Estonian people, the Estonian language and the Estonian culture through the ages, the people of Estonia, on the basis of § 1 of the Constitution which entered into force in 1938, and in the referendum held on 28 June 1992, have adopted the following Constitution
A lot of people just look at it like "I liked Brexit.
I am quite sure almost all of them are ethnic Estonians or Finns (as it wouldn't be a foreign language for local Swedes).
There is a hate for the British here?
One of the possible reasons in the list is self-defence
You have to report to *every* tax authority of every nation that's part of the EU just for VAT
The data doesn't back your argument up
You think you know, but it is weird that an atheist prescribes beliefs for others.
It was the PRL, Polish People's Republic, which was aligned with (and pretty much dominated by) the USSR.
In estonian black person ia "neeger" but the pc term is "mustanahaline"
You can watch some episodes with subtitles [here]
We've had 4 constitutions and three foreign occupations for five decades and we are still living in the 1st republic.
I believe the Norwegians are full of dope.
That's right, estonian women are above average, that image doesn't deserve them.
Towel is fine imo
Associating us with today's Russia or the old Soviet Russia
I don't understand what part you don't understand.
"window" would be *aknoo* from Russian.
so yeah i guess in conclusion it's kind of confusing, we just use the present tense in different ways and the adverbs+context usually help express that the action is going to happen in the future
I'd guess he's T-shirt ready a few degrees before me, once again depending on the other factors
Won a war against Russia, defended our lands from Germans, and established first independent Estonian governance since the 13th century
I guess thats it
a confused Estionian that aspired to be Russian Gopnik
My father also smokes
How is life going in the socialist Czechoslovakia?
In Spain Unidos Podemos actually lost a bit of the popular vote overall, gaining no new seats.
Yet in a proportional system if there is a public election for a president, the candidate with >50% votes wins.
Even up to late 90s I remember people talking about stuff donated from Finland like clothes, machinery, and such
I'm starting to reconsider my decision to go to Germany
jäääär (edge of ice),
That being said, Tallinn as a whole is one of my least favourite towns in Estonia
yes yes, just edited and explained my reasoning in a different reply
Nowadays getting a story out takes 2 minutes and if you fall behind competitors you're losing readers
That's what surprised me
In my circle of friends, it’s seen as a bit weird when someone marries and has children in their twenties
I hope you have the same sentiment towards the Russians living in Estonia.
Rarely, and most of the time it's either the farmers, the dairy industry or medical workers.
That must have been tough
For Estonia, probably anything by Nublu or Tommy Cash
*With unwavering faith and a steadfast will to strengthen and develop the state which embodies the inextinguishable right of the people of Estonia to national self-determination and which was proclaimed on 24 February 1918, which is founded on liberty, justice and the rule of law, which is created to protect the peace and defend the people against aggression from the outside, and which forms a pledge to present and future generations for their social progress and welfare, which must guarantee the preservation of the Estonian people, the Estonian language and the Estonian culture through the ages, the people of Estonia, on the basis of § 1 of the Constitution which entered into force in 1938, and in the referendum held on 28 June 1992, have adopted the following Constitution
* Tuba/Tupa (E: room/F: main/living room)
In Estonia the following are among the history curriculum:
Does anyone remember that thread started by that American guy who was going to backpack through Europe and wanted to know what weapons he could bring?
> ”eww, bottled water” is a real reaction in Finland
ok american
Veoauto is a great one to try to pronounce
you still have troops occupying Germany.
Perhaps the most interesting was [our first one in 1923] to allow voluntary religious education into state schools.
If we talk about more serious offenses like murders and killings: there were about 8 murders and killings per 100,000 residents in Ida-Virumaa compared to about 2
Although in that case we would usually fly to Helsinki
That level - perhaps if you are very optimistic.
- 83 (Bi) - Vismut
its not particularly popular, so i assumed we just havent really adopted it here
Latvia and Lithuania don't claim to be Nordic countries.
>you would have to pay for it
That smiling cashiers are creepy and unsettling
In the winter, we would just have to break the ice so they couldn't wander over.
That moment when the Czechs call their country small and your country has like 8 times fewer people.
I didn't know that it was he who said that
Well you have to find the non-white person first.
We have a fixed saying "jõudu tööle
Except those are not the only conditions of GDPR
An obscene reaction to pain is not really the same as "ow" or "ouch"...
Yeah, for any foreigners to know, the "cities" we connect over here are like 440 000 people and 95 000 people - and that's for the biggest two, the rest have less than 55 000 people
I cannot answer to that statement as VisitEstonia might sue me if I answer wrongly
I seriously doubt that any of the victims family is happy with the treatment Breivik is getting.
Nani vittu sa just iimasu watashi kohta ütlesid, sa chiisai lits desuka?
There is a translation in the comments.
We'd still manage to tie with them.
okay, too late tonight to discuss linguistics, I misread and thought you menat Ugric.
Don't be silly, we all know they are .gif.
Oh the irony
at first I though "ohh nice Estonia has at least a tiny yellow part in the south" but then I realized it was a lake
Pros: Good education, modt people keep to themselves, cool parties
Everybody knows that Putin would and could kill him otherwise
Everything can be hate speech if it's said in a threatening or hate-spewing way.
dick
It is a bit weird yeah, I used to work at a hotel which during WWII was used by Nazis as a command post of sorts or sth like that
When i was kid i often dreamed that some game would have Tallinn in it, don't think there still been a game like that (Would want to know how detailed Estonia will be in the new Flight Simulator)
Uh guys, I am starting to think violence might be the answer.
well, Coca-Cola produces a brand of kvass over here, which is quite weird, but other than that there really isn't any rampantly popular Estonian products around the world.
WTF Pärnu, go home, you're drunk.
palk = log
" (Wanna fuck in the kitchen
I dont like how the only activities outside of home are drinking, partying and more drinking
Out of curiosity what is the policy regarding adults and booster shots
it hasn't yet on the British one either:
Yeah, you can move alright, but managing fine and finding a job in a foreign language environment is a lot more difficult for most people.
They were guerillas who lived in the forest
This particular angle is ridiculously overhyped though.
Estonia’s maximum will be raised to 120km/h soon
So it would be fascinating
Many foreign banks didn't return the gold of the occupied Baltic states to the occupying Soviet Union and they later got the gold back when the occupation was over.
Furthermore, you can’t argue that a county where even the city hall of the biggest and most important town, located on the most central and touristy square, looks like [this] does not have a massive problem with urban decay
Following laws however is a different matter altogether
You should learn about kosher and halal food.
While true, it doesn't change the crime against international law or the fact that we now have 30% non-Estonians in our country while we only had 10% before the occupation.
In 1939 Finland had volunteers from Estonia against Russia
I'd say the difficulty with world is that most of the letters in that word are practically imaginary
Yeah
Easter and Christmas are still celebrated by most though, but it is more of a cultural thing nowadays than religious
You're speaking Swedish mate, English is the most normal language ever compared to Swedish or Finnish or Estonian
This law sounds like it was lobbied by credit card issuers or processors to push out other cheaper payment methods
Because realistically, it's not that far away, but still, I've never known anyone who decides to just go a few towns over for dinner (unless you were going there anyway)
Did we forget the Soviet Occupation from 1944 - 1991 ? lmao
Their genetic relations are far more complex of course
Just 100
Looks like she still would lose in second round.
Wow, looks great
Petersburg metros, they’re like a work of art
Helsinki has the world's northernmost metro
I wouldn't bury Merkel chances right now and I also doesn't understand how Merkel means less democracy.
Same
Younger people also just swear: **putsi**, **türa**, **vittu**, **nahhui** etc.
"Willing" implies that there's a choice
Frankly, I'm not sure if I have ever seen one used
I think there were more parties to this agreement and some western funds paid a lot of money to the military staff who left to Russia.
to say that it's the best system in the world makes the Swiss sound like Americans who don't look beyond their own country.
It wouldn't really be an axis of Putin and Trump, it would be an axis of Putin, which has the power to manipulate Trump.
Just a little addition - only 10% of venetian lagoon is open water, rest is wetland covered only by shallow layer of water
These few international troops are not threatening to Russia.
(Almost universal) Free healthcare
Never liked raw meat and I am more of a cat person than dog person
There was a lot of doctors, but there wasn't medicine.
There's the German "Dinner For One" and the Soviet/Russian "[The Irony of Fate]" that are shown every year.
I think you might be missing something in your understanding of basic concepts
Most likely especially insular and coastal Estonians were very strongly integrated with Norse people, either on good terms or bad terms or really both
As a small country there is a lot of pressure on preserving the language, now there is even a language inspection which seems a bit draconian if Im honest
You've got to fight trucks with trucks.
There are quite many game animals in Estonia, so it's relatively popular, especially among those living in the countryside.
Hungary
Police special forces basically
We also have the second saying: *Heita lusika nurka*
The arguing and cursing continued while the Russian guy yelled "You come to my country and start to yell at me?" The American, who had lived in Estonia for 12 years, answered in Estonian: "to your country?
Everyone can believe in whatever they want.
Not a Pole myself but I understand why it is a linguistic nightmare.
Sort of like the ban of political clothing that is in effect in some countries in response to the success of Nazi brownshirts.
More about winters, the old town can get crazy slippery in the winter with its cobblestone streets and narrow and high sidewalks with often rather uncomfortable angles
I feel honestly conflicted about this; having been raised in a relatively well-off environment, I feel that many of the people I grew up with expressed racist views as well, but these were kind of stifled while growing up.
i'm going to try my best, but sorry if the explanation is confusing
It took some time to get this fantastic and yet very-very complex idea...
On the flip side you guys approved same-sex marriage with a public referendum, while having been a heavily religious country for a long time
But these are two very different concepts
Macron would really not be our thing, but I would not really object to three consecutive vowels in some cases.
"We will be very active when it comes to strengthening the external borders of the European Union," Szydło told reporters after her meeting with Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar.
So basically that means that the price will be even more jacked up for consumers?
Tornio
It saves entire populations while destroying lives at the same time.
Could be that you cannot have derogatory words or the word "police" on your vehicle
We are very distrusting of phone and TV shopping
Oh I love this, time to use the handbreak in corners to feel extra cool while driving on secondary roads.
Theres only one
I know they exist but I've never seen one
Well it proves that the Soviet-enforced economic system was shite.
Umbes sama usutav, kui vene ajal surutud teooria, et "venelane" tuleb sõnast "vend", kuna me siuksed vennalikud ju.
Here are some variants that, in my opinion would be better:
Amen, brother
(Edit - from Russian Estonian to Estonian Russian
Gorbachev is expressing his worry about some impersonal entities he calls the World States spending on military instead of funding people's social needs and the harsh language of the TV pundits.
Jesus, did Don Draper come up with this?
A more extreme example is that the 13 of 22 republics of Russia are not Russian territory, because Russians are a minority in there.
They are bloody delicious though - the thing is that they work the best with black bread, which is sort of unheard of outside these countries.
They even censor their own media and public institutions.
No hard feelings, bro, but an even bigger coastline would be kinda nice
>  not the ugliest language around
Yet *Ice Road Truckers* always concentrates on Alaska
Why would you give someone citizenship without that person even applying for one?
Estonian has lost 2, while Finnish has lost 1 in our comparison.
brave / fin
Generally with an S, but many Estonians make it a point to pronounce it with an Sh, but it sounds a bit pretentious as does the "over-pronunciation" of other foreign place names, especially well known city names
Examples
As I said, there are no hard feelings associated with this for ages, people have started to question many things that narrative about the middle ages and there are good reasons for it
Ah, an alchemic
Then you misunderstood my argument.
Sometimes it serves better to not be so obsessive/defensive about things.
A country can reduce its emissions without being part of this global scam
As in phonetic spelling
In Estonia or just about Estonia?
you only cut off one corner and put the bag in a jug?
Anything further is sort of meh.
i cant think of any others right now
if your neighbouring country has cheaper grocery stores, you can save a decent amount by just shopping there
"American wines are better" is irritating for the whole Europe
I don't have the time to do this tonight.
That’s why no one takes these kids seriously
The fault does not lie in moving the car industry away, but in local leaders, who didn't enrich their economy with different fields.
And I did support Le Pen, but now that Macron pulled that off, I kinda respect him
Of course it has a downside as well as our prices are more inflated than in most other post-socialist countries
Jfc they send people to slaughterfield and can't even provide them with a wheelchair afterwards
Their towns are popular tourist sites and their onions are in very high demand.
Teenagers especially like to think about life , death and universe and what it all means, so it's usually really interesting to have all those discussions
We arent going to be next
I don't buy it
5h by ferry but then again you need to start buying tickets and everything is more expensive there anyway
For a long time I used to say "Jaa
I cant recall any jokes about finns
As we often took night trains like from 7 pm to 8 am, we really didn't have too much time enjoy the scenery etc
Like it's so ridiculous that I can't even fathom someone in Russia going like "Yup, NATO brought in tens of thousands of soldiers again into the Baltics to piss us off and oppress the locals
Sometimes the female-owner of that sauna makes a girls' night at the sauna.
If evolution is correct how come we have trees and water and sun and everything else god made?
You know your languages, good for you
By your standard my country should also belong to Russia...
We actually had some oil reserves off the shore in the Black Sea but they were stolen by Russia
For example, trams in Tallinn
Hunting tourism in Estonia [comedy sketch]
We are just neighbours, just like Estonia and Sweden
if no potato no lifeo
But to just state simple facts without contextual explanation seems rather unfair.
For example, last election reform party got tha majority of votes but didnt form a government since they couldn't get a coalition
Only the Moravian Church with its barn services got Estonians finally forgetting their pagan beliefs.
Of course, water here is very good
and like other people here are saying, the whole "too focused on race" thing the americans do
Several families don't blink an eye either
Language beauty comes so beautifully out
10°C xd
However I 40% believe Lukashenko will be assassinated by some means
Yes, I as an Estonian must not know much about Estonia!
I hope u can still travel but maybe in the passenger seat
It is not about climate change
I think popular enough it should be legal (won't probably happen before some other big neighbours legalize it) . I know there are a lot of sunday smokers who do it rarely
Your parents got back from work at around 15-16?
An outsiders view saying that the EU should be impotent in hindering Russia and countries like them
Parts of Northeastern Estonia went through massive Russification during the Soviet occupation, so nowadays the situation looks like [this] Their youth definitely still speaks Russian
Because it's a lie
[A meteorite landed] on our biggest island and basically burned a lot of it down
It will only die down when mainstream parties understand that people don't want mass immigration.
Eh In my personal opinion it's fine to be the "annoying tourist" here bc we only get like 2 tourists every week here in Estonia but eh depends on where you're going I guess
"Estonia has no sex and no future" is a running joke about Estonian language pertaining to the fact that there's no grammatical gender as well as no future tense in Estonian, i find it very fascinating how you can talk about future in present tense, we have something similar in my native Ukrainian, but it's more rare option, in Estonian though it's use all the time
If India truly has this low homicide rate, then it's great!
The difference was that they dressed up as bums or wanderers as the tradition comes from a former obligation of every parish to support their poor in times of need
'facts' with 0 evidence given behind them?
It just doesn't rise above the horizon at all for them
We have seen nuclear powers (US, Russia) wage wars, they won't resort to nuking
In 2011, share of speaking each other's language:
Tartus old estonian nane was Tarbata and was related with taara who is one of the gods in the estonian pantheon
Also the gods in especially Saaremaa were named similar to "Thor", but there also existed local, Estonian pagan gods
Baltic Waffen-SS (which have very little to do with actual SS except for the name) units were literally declared to be innocent of any war crimes during the Nuremberg
>Besides to countries that share your mother tongue (i.e. Germans in Austria)
We don't have same pressure as in America, but saving and investing is still very important, especially if you plan to buy property
Absolutely brilliant, isn't it
Well the Estonian National Conservative Party is right-wing populist, but not nearly with so radical statements as Trump.
If I remember correctly it was due to their relatively stable large internal market.
Estonian football team is usually dominated by ethnic Russians.
[I Served the King of England] is one of the best movies I've ever seen.
It's hard to say
24th of Feb (Independence Day)
Now I want to hear what those names are
Two reasons - smartphone era in US started almost immediately as first Iphone was released
In 1940 when Estonian Soviet socialist republic "became a member" of the USSR, they did some border adjustments where the town of Petseri in the southern Estonia was given to Pskov oblast and the eastern part of Narva, known as Jaanilinn or Ivangorod under the jurisdiction of Leningrad oblast
Responding to a request from the French judiciary
Also this claim that only that one 16 years old girl, whose death was also captured on a video by the way, was beaten to death by the sapper shovels and all the others, who died off video screen, died in a stampede was made by the Soviet government.
If not then you should start with those.
1 000 000 000 = miljard (you could also call this biljon, but it's rare)
We also called it pretty much like that since...ever.
Standard Estonian myself, but my intonation changed a little as soon as I moved to Tartu.
I've loved it every time I visit
Just doesn't really function anymore
they literally smashed the window glass in enough that they could properly open the window, then got in, opened the door from the inside and carried all the good stuff out
I think that, that is about latvians.
Speak for yourself, please
And long painted fingernails, several rings or other jewelry, often wear a cross (orthodox, this also applies for males and is rare for Estonians
How do you not get the situation:
Kali in Estonian would generally mean kvassi, but sometimes it is also used for beer
I'm pretty sure that has never been a serious idea.
Hasn't this bananas thing happened before in other countries as well?
That's totally wrong
Today while at a lunchline the last piece of pie was taken infront of me.
They weren't really punished as most retreated to the forests or deserted
Share some funny aspects about your language!
And read the end of the first paragraph here :
>Perhaps, Africans have different values
Any other city than tallinn lol, maybe tartu aswell, since there are alot of foreigners there
We're currently experimenting with that in Estonia, and unfortunately, the loud ranters continue to dominate over the other coalition partners
Receive gifts by telling poems or singing Christmas carols.
Over here, it is somewhat rare to stay with your parents after finishing high school
It is abroad because Putin doesn't allow anyone to challenge his power.
Jää-äär is another one of these
I'm surprised someone asks this every time
But this is a guess, I can't be sure without some numbers.
Yes, but little and rarely
They are preferred by people, who go to Tallinn for work and have enough money for domestic flights, but otherwise not many take them.
What a shame
3% is less than 4% and 5% and so on.
Majority of the population are Russians
There are both fraternities and sororities in my country, they get along perfectly well and both think such membership segregation is a good idea as long as there are both kinds of organizations.
Especially in public saunas
> STARVE YA LITTLE FLYING ~~CUNT~~
Inoffensive "oh umm okay then", respected if it's their choice, but not very cool if trying to force it on others.
Or maybe when a giant meteorite landed in Saaremaa a few thousand years ago ([Kaali crater] I would love to see that
I think of [Alev Ström] the wack Estonian Swede from the 1990s sketch show *Kreisiraadio*.
How can you be realistic critical thinker if you believe in a mythical creature without any shred of evidence?
By that logic we should exclude all countries we were once one state with
Yeah cider is somewhat popular.
So they did like you despite you regarding them to be quite dull?
Do you mean straight after the collapse?
Non-communists usually don't care about such communist nuances
Believe it or not, but my sister went through the same thing just yesterday.
Yet what you described is indirect correlation.
The modern Captain is nothing like ww2 propaganda comics version, would that be the case I'd understand not liking him.
I can reassure you, they do have a job :D
The only people, that are nostalgic about the Soviet Union in Estonia are very old Russians
The fact that it is populated by 30% Russians doesn't mean they are all pro-Russian and will take up arms, and it doesn't mean the other 70% are all pro-Moldovan or pro-Russian.
Moreover, nobody - except maybe the Russian state media - calls, for example, the commemoration event for the Battle of Tannenberg Line, a "pride event".
*Tiku ja Taku astuvad pimedasse tuppa.
"Baltic states" may be used for Estonia as well (for some reason).
Portugal
Any idea why Bulgarians might be in bigger support than other former socialist countries?
One of the pseudohistories they have came up with is that these few thousand Latvians who fought for the Red Army are responsible for installing communism in 150+ million Russia.
It's just not a market where predictable rule of law works.
Even our social democrats are rather conservative about immigration due to that.
[Hiiumaa islanders] have a funny "winy accent".
And technically it's not wrong either, maybe that's not what the law says, BUT tif there are muslim-majority neighbourhoods then it's going to affect them as well.
To create a company there has to be some initial investment.
&#x200B;
You're in the East of the EU so you're Eastern Europe.
Technically PM Rõivas can still say "NO" and the other parties will back down, but that seems less and less likely every hour, since the coalition partners have already declared that they started talks with the main opposition party.
Will the rape victims have a say in this?
Boys are so curious about non-mainstream things that it becomes distractive and they get punished for their curiosity.
If they want to be independent or part of Russia is up to them.
How is the word 'ale" related to "øl"/"õlu"/etc
Damn i thought i was the only one
I'm not talking about Russia dominating the world nuclear industry, which in it's current form has little growth potential, due to it's excessive cost
The only people who are preserving the Finno-Ugric cultures- and languages are old people (see Russian Eurovision entry on 2012), and when they are gone, there is nobody left to conserve these unique traditions
Sympathy for a reasonable person, of course.
Something like this could be used for gay rights for example, but really - which of your friends didn't support France?
By default it's at least in my former school only for girls except cooking which was for both but technically if boys wanted they could choose to go to that class instead
I really cannot think of anything that drastic for Estonia, could be that reforming everything and implementing new digital solutions has just been hip here for the last 20 years.
With prices in Norway it feels like pocket money
Actually, I don't think so
As far as I understood, they were accepted to participate because they are very big fans of the contest and are willing to wake up at 5AM to see it live
For example you could say "Mu sõbranna (female friend) Epp on õpetaja" or "Mu sõber Epp on õpetajanna (female teacher)", but using them too often might make you sound a bit strange.
The only maritime island of Latvia, the artificial island for Kolka Lighthouse
My parents and grandparents would use Russian
Only argument against us belonging to the Northern Europe is the 50 year long Soviet Occupation...
If I buy a bottle from Finland, I should be able to return it in Estonia and get my deposit back
10 years ago we had financial crisis, in 90s we transitioned from socialism to capitalism and were overall quite poor, 30 years ago we were under soviet rule, before that ww2 and nazi occupation, in 30s under local authoritarian "strong man", in 1900s-1920s - revolutions, ww1, part of russian civil war, recovering from war
Living at 59°56’N. It’s not that bad here
what do you mean not nordic though?
Municipal police or mupo, we call them half police, because they check tickets on buses and trams and they act like they have the power but they can only give tickets
Actually we have a permission by the Netherlands to call them Holland.
It's still spoken by a good number of people and taught in universities.
Mostly these terms are internationally the same.
I would also say Kaja Kallas, I've seen one of her talks and she seemed really polite, friendly and likable.
Nah, they're all buddies, considering they share more values with Russia
But they will milk those radio waves as much as they can since the maintenance cost between selling 1GB and 1000GB is virtually non-existent.
Yes
thanks to the olympic games i had heard of the city of torino, but i always thought it was in canada
Yes they have each others approval, but there is no reason why Trump should be Putin's puppet.
They haven't lived in either of them.
Except some say that we have second place behind Italy.
Who are these people on the photo?
The word was borrowed from Baltic languages into Estonian
Citizenship is not easy to obtain in estonia, but you can get e-residency wich allows you to use some services and start a business here.
Nagu tina tuhka – like tin into ashes
Some people think Estonian "golden age" was during first 20 years of independence from 1920 to 1939
Thankfully no, only dustmasks are gone from building stores
HOI4: Germany
I have pictures on a different phone, but I'd rather not start digging them out since they're rather poor quality.
Saaremaa pirates kidnapped the king of Sweeden and ransomed him back to the sweeds
Some stone or something went through Timo's seat, up in the ass of Timo
Sharing a border with Russia can’t be the reason we’re Eastern Europe as you could drag Finland along with that reasoning
With some speakers this goes even further.
Is it really tactically good for tank units to have only narrow corridors they can get through?
For a generally very simple language, the pronunciation is ridiculously difficult to remember (which you shouldn't have to "remember" in many other languages anyway).
Same here
At this point, I'd argue that further decreasing presidential powers and making him/her a figurehead would prevent such situations from happening in the future
The Estonian law explicitly states that retail enterprises *can* ask for an ID so that the legal drinking age is followed.
Not really, I didn't even know about this meme before memes became widespread on the Internet.
And the humane way to kill animals is not letting it to bleed to death, first they kill the animal and then they let it drain.
Indeed, we've had moderate, Third Way social democratic parties referred to as "socialists" (*sotsid*), just like actual socialists who we've called that.
Implying that it's the Swede's fault?
Perfect +15
Didn't it have a smaller GDP than Estonia just a few years ago (and twice of that today)?
definitely Tartu, it is the only uni in the baltics that is in the 500 best unis
Seems like Estonia has 1 pornstar + one chopped up pornstar with some body parts missing
Here we have the 3 king's day, all we do is take out the christmas tree
So it is pretty stupid for you to hint that this has something to do with the constitution.
Our prime minister has to constantly apologise for him, but that’s as far as it goes when holding him accountable for his actions
Americans are paying more for health insurance than any other European country
It's understandable, but this concept alone is not really used in Estonia.
I mean, the French get a lot of white flag jokes but at least nobody claims their country has no legal continuity with pre-1944 France
I mean Transylvania is a part of EU now so you never know
What is "culturally Eastern European" about Estonia
Also it's sort of weird that you always pronounce foreign names almost like your own.
kull: est
Definitely more refrained for Brits.
Like obviously the one with the highrise in the corner, but others as well.
You're the one who is simplifying
"Valmis või ei, siit ma tulen
Everybody keeps throwing around the word fascism like it is nothing
Some of the most common, probably all of them are common in nearby countries as well:
In Estonia we pass around a human-like doll in december, called Tahma-Toomas
Same thing here, many simpleminded non-religious people believe in all this shit.
It was more of the eastern part as I went to Eastern Hungary
LOL
The more I experienced the places I thought I would be a much better fit in, the more I realised how wrong I was
Mart Helme, interior minister, said that gays can go to sweden
Can't be a fool, son, what about the long run
However genocide doesn't mean that the target has to be a specific ethnic group.
As long as they don't try to imitate a Slavic accent that is.
I feel like I'm in some game
Whew, I was sure I would see a "slow as an Estonian" idiom here :D
How can you be so stupid and believe in every myth like this??
Oh yeah I remember watching these in the evening.
You would not have a party - ain't no political party unintelligent enough to fit your criteria.
So, "that guy" is *probably* you instead
If a criminal turns up, do you fight to keep him off your neighborhood or bow down and try to get along with him because "who knows what can happen to us in the coming years"?
It's just quite different from the rest of Estonia (and has way too many cars)
People are used to different temperatures in different places, but I'm sure that almost everywhere climate changes noticeably
After that I identify as a finnic person and lastly european
people left alive that can speak Welsh, but not English
Heh, always nice to receive comments, I guess.
- South Estonian dialects are rather conservative and still have vowel harmony, making them very different from Standard Estonian
Central anywhere is a tourist trap
Judging by the vast amount of comments, do we even have European Muslims here?
I visit those and then I make sure that I sleep and eat and have some fun outside of those
Though I imagine it varies by location also, there are some places (mainly in Ida-Viru county) where most of the population is Russian, so Estonians living in those areas are probably more likely to pick up the language as well
My bad is actually called the ural-altaic group.
The Japanese also love the Moomins, take off their shoes indoors, and the introvert-thing
Associating us with Russia and the Soviet "Union". Pro tip: don't.
In Estonian "Istu minu kõrvale" means "Sit next to me", but in Finnish "Istu minun kyrvälle" means "Sit on my dick"
After the fall of Soviet Union these people lost their citizenships.
I feel like Spain should allow a free and well-organized referendum (maybe with a 60% or 2/3 threshold for independence)
Just some fun examples
If I wanted a cable connection, Telia (the other largest ISP) will build it if I cash out 5000€ for the project.
He is a populist and a demagogue who represents a loud conservative minority
Blatant lies
I wouldn't say the life within the organizations is ever boring.
I own 3 - 100€ bills that I look at for their uniqueness
there's basically no checks, only the old border control buildings by the road, but they no longer work as border control and everyone just drives or walks by
Bubble gums that had tattoos or stickers in their wrapping
" which would ultimately hurt Europe and might not even benefit the nature (as explained above) deserve criticism
Hey we win because we never even had any coal
And I don't know what fairy tale world you live in.
Just be polite and respectful
Constitution is the core foundation and the purpose of the country.
Bro u wrong I went to tartu a few weeks ago and there was one by the Lõunakeskus, packed to the brim too
Hopefully no one from Estonia voted for this bullshit, but if someone did - they are not going to get my vote in May
Up from that is for train freaks only (I might be becoming one of them)
I am not saying any of that, you just seem to have a very weirdly unknowledgeable understanding of what an ethnicity is
Number 1 is ETV(Estonian Television) and 2 is ETV2
Hiidlane falls into the water and shouts "Quick!
Wait, so  does article 13 mean that Memes will get copyrighted or whats the problem
He is half Estonian, how so
It is totally forgetting the other one.
Growth will of course slow down the closer we get, but yeah, catching up to a reasonable degree within a few decades isn't something Utopian anymore
Look at that white privilege, simply lying on the ground doing nothing
Children disguise themselves [as poor men] and go from door to door, singing songs and telling jokes to receive sweets.
Russians deserve no special rights here.
Why is that even bad
30am
This is a lot better than McDonalds
There really should be a graphic for it
People were prescribed placebos because nothing else was available.
Was taking your family along even allowed?
It's pretty much the one case where it's expected for two people to interact that don't know each-other
Calendar change was in February 1918.
Can't we just stick to mainstream parties and keep away from radicalism and such strong populism?
Erm, obviously the same as in Finland
Estonia actually has quite many very progressive social programs, but one thing we cannot do and won't do for a long time - we cannot give out vasts amounts of money due to not having it that much.
I even know a class who went to Kazakhstan
I think by now all you're doing is extending the problem.
If I was in a beer hall in well Bavaria it would make sense because I wouldn't want to get up to get a new beer too often
its not particularly popular, so i assumed we just havent really adopted it here
Blizzard,but fun: -30- -20
We don't mind accents, unless its difficult to understand,  then its about not understanding what you say
The problem being however that KGB documents don't show whether the KGB agents were agents out of their own free will or because they were forced to.
What book would you recommend that I can read to get a better perspective on that war ?
I have not been elsewhere in Switzerland, but I have visited Zurich \~3 times due to work
Yea it has been said for a long time that change in the east only comes through revolutions
extremely hard
I think it's a big difference between having NATO troops over or them having an actual base here
Your 900,000 imprisoned and 300,000 killed is a view of a very radical fringe.
I think closest to nowhere are the areas around the coast of Peipus as most of Ida-Virumaa and Võrumaa have stores, schools etc
Frankly, there are no real downsides to this
And they will pay a lot
I'm not even sure if I'm supposed to say this, but I noticed this mistake even at our ministry of foreign affairs...
It's absolutely disgusting for my sensibilities
And I doubt other Christmas markets in old towns are much bigger..
From a safe distance of course
Several families don't blink an eye either
House at night but not the day, apartment always closed
We need to consider the tripwire effect so that there are enough forces on the ground to first offer a strong enough response and get enough countries directly involved so that Russia would see that any invasion would bring with it a strong response from NATO.
Russian has lost the Vocative, so he most likely means that.
Maybe we should have let them declare war on us, then immediately surrendered
lol
[A local variation
The traditional yellow skirts of Muhu Island in Western Estonia
'Türa küll' is pretty much 'for fucks sake', 'tra sa teed' is 'what the fuck are you doing' etc
Not even joked that much, and people stop asking when you've been abstinent long enough.
So from that point on if I got any beer it was either from a supermarket or the cheapest beer I could find at the hostel pub (with a discount) which was Fosters
Who even claimed that social democracy is totalitarian like communism
So it is quite common that parents and grandparents keep asking when will you be showing them your partner (if you don’t have a girlfriend/boyfriend yet) or when will they finally have their grandchildren (if you’re already in a relationship)
*Lägaburger* or *lögaburger* ("slimy burger") is this cheap and simple style of hamburger usually made in the countryside and poorer suburb kiosks at night, when there's really nothing else open anymore
That's why it might hurt Fillon.
Kilpkonn(shield frog)=turtle
I'd rather profitable companies pay taxes rather than myself, or working pensioners earning $400/mo or something which is just crazy.
heres a video that covers the general situation [
Our culture is sort of two-fold.
geography focuses more on geographical features in general, but countries still come up.
Will be 120 here in a bit
I call dibs on Ojamaa (Gotland)!
Basically for closed container sale
It isn't taken as offensive by Estonians either, rather a bit silly.
In Estonia on new 4 lane roads there is 120 when the weather is good
[Sprat sandwich]õileib-1-e1456238661229.jpg) is the most iconic in Estonia, although most people would probably go with something simpler like [this] or [this]
I wouldn't count on it thanks to utter incompetence every step of the way with vaccinations and stuff
Konstatin Päts
A [concert hall] and an [ice skating rink] The building is [semi-abandoned] now.
It's only missing a pair of happy little trees on the foreground
Pronunciation-wise I’m certain that it is impossible, if you’re not at least a Finn — and even they have a slight accent when speaking Estonian
And Russians
With winter time the sun sets before 4pm in the winter, that's way too early
In Spain they didn't get additional votes in the general election by combining their forces.
Linked is a humor show making fun of them, but they are a real phenomenon
We have a Midsummer tradition to roast potatoes inside the charcoal at the edge of the bonfire.
Do you know what an invasion is?
Because they would double down on what they believe in and not give a shit about the media
We also have a short movie about their culture:
Your map has absolutely unclear and odd colours for a viewer.
As I said, not having the cooperation agreement doesn't benefit anybody.
Although in this case the deciding body is the parliament.
As a matter of fact I do
But this one is not a stereotype as stereotypes have at least some truth in them.
There aren't visible differences between Northern European countries and Southern European countries?
I know a Hungarian dude who speaks decent Estonian and I've met a German girl and an American guy who were so fluent I could barely tell they had an accent
>a cutesy way of saying
sex is a verb in estonian, so we just sex
And the leaders of EKRE are constantly saying sketchy shit and Ratas has to apologize for them
They are too late, if our current dumb government tries to step out of the project they have to pay steep fees
Indeed, I didn't do that in crappy apartments during university.
it is upgraded to 2+2 road piece by piece
The description of Slovakia was somewhat what I was thinking in my mind - what would be a "slovak" thing
In reality the Baltic countries never allied with the Nazis.
Absolutely not, it's hilarious that you are saying this to a person with a law degree...
what is this nordic conspiracy?
>If everyone had just gone home and had a nice cup of tea
Oh, this is interesting
And later, during the Cold War sent Soviet refugees back to USSR just for them to be sent straight to Gulag to be torture and killed
Jesus Christ, I on the other hand WAS talking about illegals, I expressed myself quite clearly.
is there like a template for these kind of info cards/pictures
I'm sorry you lack basic education.
Some of my favorite songs:
It's not like they have any rights in Turkey anyway.
That's really cool
same lmao
The more they have these news the more it is likely Le Pen will get points for it.
oh god are those IB learner profiles I see on the walls
Much of the Stalinist era falls before or after wartime.
[This] is our three year old German Shepherd Roki ("Rocky") in front of the Tallinn TV Tower.
It's only hypocritical if you cast all the facts of the situation aside.
It's not exactly humour, is it
Yea I learnt about that, brutal stuff but I hear he was an ass( and that's putting it lightly)
A group that ruled us for decades and tried to Russify us.
Hit me with a sentence and i'll try it out.
When humans were first created we had more than a few extrasensory abilities like telepathy and telekinesis.
Have you got rid of the trees that start right on the tarmac's edge yet
If after the dissolution of the USSR pre-WW2 borders had been re-instated the powerstation would have been ours.
Yeah, in this case we mostly fly to Helsinki
now its one of mine as well
Most destruction of cities in 1944 was blamed on nazis
I’ve always felt we’re more central or northern than eastern european
doesn't have to give the winning party the rights to create the government
That is way less than from many Western European countries...
What is ø pronounced like
Also, your flair says you're swiss
I've seen [similar] ones
Anyone wanting to move to Europe?
Just that other languages don't have this concept.
"Džon meid his vei tu ei tävern fruu ze dark forest, õunli tu faind aut zät hi forgot ze mani
Still, it's better than nothing and I hope that in some years when they start to implement the necessary laws most of the conservatives have calmed down a bit.
And that data is skewed because most jobs are in Tallinn and Tartu, two biggest cities.
E:it's not going to be the end of the world is not a great argument for a shitty decision
There's also many other days that are the so-called "flag days", but these are the only mandatory ones I believe
Yet Venezuela has food riots and Serbia seems like a decent almost mid-income country.
Russia is systematically replacing and repressing the Crimean Tatars even in 2020
Estland
I will never not miss Andalucia
It was always mixed with paganism, which the foreign nobility and clergy overlooked for their own convenience
Both are about 40 minutes drive from the city limits, one is only for summer use, but the other has my grandparents living there for the last few years.
You can also call the location "Pärapõrgu". This could be translated as Behind-the-Hell or The-Hell-Behind
Or even if you don't know them at all, but it's like a public physical work at your workplace or home area, like cleaning or tinkering something
At least in my experience
I liked Tõrvanina beach in Hiiumaa a lot too
No one else has put the pressure on me
Most write in cursive but i like tilted hybrid xd
- 47 (Ag) - Hõbe
But to put it simply, Swedish-speaking Finns were already there when Republic of Finland came to be
Those nations at that time are fascinating to me
We didn't have our [Old Women's Summer]#Similar_phenomena) this year...
I've travelled fairly extensively in Poland and Hungary and locals were so terrible at English that in Poland I was better off using Russian (which I can't speak for shit btw) and in Hungary my mom had to speak in German (which she has only barely picked up watching German soaps)
Though it's mainly because I am really skinny, so any cold wind - and I am frozen instantly
I'd like to point out that if Trump was Putin's spy, or whatever, he wouldn't have killed 200 Russian mercenaries in Syria, 2017
>Old houses and flats have terrible insulation
I think Poland is populous enough to not need it as it can support a large enough career military.
They are horrible in English, I am doing my current degree in English and the only thing that annoys me is the constant translating of element names in my head, it's not automatic yet
The courtyards can be pleasant though as they are often closed and private, although they aren't very practical due to being narrow and not getting much sunlight
Our municipalities are too small and rural life is dying out, but in the same time governments find it hard to agree on the scale of forced-upon reform and in constitutional theory the national government doesn't have the right to interfere in municipal affairs so much to reorganize them.
By that logic, defense is pointless and we should just surrender without a shot.
Russia and the Baltic states go back way before Russia and Crimea...
I would guess the minority issues?
i am not too sure about my explanation skills or technical knowledge of pronunciation, but i tried my best :)
I am so relieved and so happy
Think of it as artificial sweating without the smell
The same argument can be made from the point of an average citizen of the EU who might be living close to these refugees.
Tartu though is a big small town in the way it feels to live in for sure
It's not really enforced in the old towns and parks.
Read up about it, there is also a possibility of an Estonian etymology, although the Swedish one is far more convincing.
I once did the whole of Poland w an average speed of 150 km/h - there were a lot of cameras taking pictures of me, but nothing ever came from those - I love driving in Poland.
If anything, women put pressure on themselves, since we feel like there’s a limited time window for us to do family planning
Keira Knightley in Pirates of The Caribbian, in a weird way..
I meant that a huge downside that is often overlooked with lower income countries is that they cant travel
I really struggled with it until I realised that I don't wear dress shirts so I have literally no reason to iron, only did it because my mother irons everything, completely useless if you ask me
This is just quite an Orwellian comment if you think about it
There aren't that many countries in Europe
finns don't eat rotten fish, pretty sure they do have some rotten milk around though
I have only heard it called "ät", but Wikipedia says it's also called "kassisaba" meaning cat's tail and "kapsas" meaning cabbage
Universal healthcare, however, is definitely something worth thumbing your nose for
This is in direct contrast with systems, where freedom and pluralism are central
An outsiders view saying that the EU should be impotent in hindering Russia and countries like them
Apply for universities or apply for permits or do your tax declaration (literally takes one minute if you don't have your own company) etc etc
The USSR was undeniably the epitome of a communist state
If every thief saw or knew I had no locks on my door they'd sure as hell come and rob me multiple times.
They're widely used and suit our language's pronunciation and spelling.
Swedes in Finland have lived there for centuries and have played pivotal role in Finnish history
The Russian friendly wing of the Centre party was overthrown by its social liberal wing.
Well it's not really, only in a certain context.
So far there has been two major elections - Brexit and Austrian presidental elections.
Besides, you wouldn’t want to have kids, unless you can provide them an economically stable and secure home
But does kinda make sense to name them that, doesn't it?
Unpopular opinion, this metro doesn’t look good
ämm(a): est
Its better
You wouldn't consider smt like Narva or Kohtla-Järve the most different considering they're majority Russian
If they apply, but don't know the language, they also don't get citizenship.
/r/BlackMetal wants to talk to you
Russia
When you closed the office door, it was over
I can communicate with him perfectly (his english is mind-blowingly amazing), but I'm tired of speaking to his family in broken german.
In Estonia everybody has the national flag
In Estonia:
[Ewert and The Two Dragons] they have some really good songs, but not many of them.
I wouldn't count on it thanks to utter incompetence every step of the way with vaccinations and stuff
Well, they might be foreigners in our eyes, but because they have mostly lived here their entire lives, most people wouldn't agree with that concept.
Margherita only requires tomato and cheese, and is the most basic pizza one can have - everything else is a derivative of that.
McDonald's isn't the most popular fast food chain in Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania though - it's the Finnish brand [Hesburger]
I know, I have longed for a road bike for quite some time, but I don't think I can afford two good quality bikes or even have room for two.
Don't many Russian online forums have this "inner censorship" that bans people with anti-government sentiments?
My family gatherings are usually pretty boring but sometimes my grandpa drinks too much and starts talking about some random stuff and it's actually pretty funny listening to him
It's bizarre
Wait, some people don't have cheese slicers
Our average age of doctors was 51 in 2018
mouth off to your much bigger neighbor
It derives from the Proto-Germanic word for "east", [austrą]ą) (same etymology as *Austria*).
My whole childhood has been a lie
AFAIK, Latvia and Lithuania have also had Cold War emigres as their presidents
US ethnically/culturally more diverse?
Well, we usually like to joke about the islanders and their petty in-fighting between the different islands
Exactly and towards the end of february and in march the sun rises very early so that daylight is just wasted while it still gets dark early
Lumemari
Yeah we do, Rassolnik is quite common
In Estonia we have a Soodoma (sodom) and Siberi (Siberia).
Maybe food-realted stuff like team [*peenleib*] vs team [*vormileib*] for bread preferences, though I think the majority is team *vormileib* anyways
Literally anyone could end up on the list, you could be the most loyal to the state, but NKVD could still execute you to fill the quota of "traitors". Great purge of 37-38 annihilated tens of thousands high ranking communists and red army officers
Not really such a big news - our population has been at a [relative standstill] for about a decade now, although mostly in a slight decrease.
So is bagged milk really such a weird thing?
Neighbouring muslim countries should invite Palestinians to live in their country and provide them housing and jobs.
We also have Limpa limonade here, very good
We had rented a lodging and were eating breakfast in the kitchen, all hung over
As long as they don't use Google translate, I'm pleased with them trying.
Estonian citizenship is granted by birth, so I don't see the issue here.
There is some movement from Tallinn to its suburbs and nearby countryside, but it's mostly just wealthy people buying detached houses near the capital
I love them
Never had any threatening encounter
PS: Thank you
And I'm speaking this as an Estonian
You left out killing infidels and heretics
Saaremaa pirates kidnapped the king of Sweeden and ransomed him back to the sweeds
I work as comp
The values that we need to fight for are the values of liberty, it's easy to pacify a country but to actually have such a region like Europe is a miracle in history
Don't get me wrong, the university was nice, but pretty much out of reach for peasants at the time
If we use Riga for a connecting flight, then we usually fly, especially if you come from Northern Estonia
So what did the USA do in the Chechen wars?
Amazingly blue waters at Shipwreck Beach (Zakynthos, Greece)
Does Finnish sound similar to Russian in your mind??
To which Ratas would meekly agree that "this is unacceptable blah blah", both validating the criticism and making himself look weak and hypocritical
It's hard to say
Veri similar tuu tii finnis languidz
You know,  no-one has to go robbing houses to get their wifes cancer removed or to pay off the debt from that and so forth
I was mainly in Northern Slovakia and mostly in the nature.
I drink a lot and that's the distinction that has always kept me on the line.
Yeah, a mega-heatwave is here
That's pretty much fancier shashlik
Winter
How does it show my ignorance again?
I don't think I've ever had turkey.
They are also partly responsible for the delayed Crossrail in London, due to open in December 2018 but now pushed back to late 2021
I can read the "Povist vremyanyh lit" or "Chronicle of Bygone Years" / "Primary Chronicle", a history of the Kievan Rus' from about 850 to 1110, originally compiled in Kyiv in circa 1113 pretty easily, if I concentrate
Tallinn, Riga and Vilnius really don't compete with each other, they are so utterly different in their architecture, history and size that each one offers something different for tourists.
Oh you better be nice or I'll use [this gadget] on your cheese
Also, we usually just call serfdom (*pärisorjus*, lit.
[I think the photograph of our first independence parade in 1919]
It is a covert war against Buddhism and they want to remove the swastika under false pretenses.
So you can come and visit more, a lot of people over here do speak German and have no-one to practice with
> You’ve had thirty years to figure this shit out and stop being the worst polluters in Europe
> May Day is fuck all but a day off work these days for most in Britain
[A meteorite landed] on our biggest island and basically burned a lot of it down
Considering the name *Eesti* for Estonia may carry the same root as the *austr*, *aest*, *ost* or *est*, then the name rather means just "East", not "Eastern Land" in Estonian, while it may be *Estland* in some other language.
If our producers always need to be prepared to suddenly shift their exports to Europe because Russian politics, then why not just continuously export to Europe and abandon the Russian market?
Other languages have unintelligible dialects as well - even languages with far fewer speakers than German in a far smaller area.
Oh my god, he actually said it out loud
Considering it was an illegal invasion it doesn't much matter what puppet state Russia created there.
It's been around 10-15 degrees and raining non-stop for the last 2 weeks here in Estonia, not sure who came up with 18 degrees on this map
so unfriendly
So you can come and visit more, a lot of people over here do speak German and have no-one to practice with
Wait up, we coming too
#makeEstoniathebiggerFinnicagain
So to Russians I say stop looking it from your hill, Estonia as many others were dragged into the war, we were very adamant on our position, neutral but Soviets had to force their mutual defensive pact and march soldiers in our territory
They were there already _before_ the Roman empire.
Average rent for flat ...I'd say 450
It's the result of 30 years of people having 3 choices
Living here I definitely feel closer to the continent than to the rest of the country, if that makes sense
Its from Italy
There is more about the EU than just democracy
Didn't say anything about anyone changing votes.
/r/Europe quintessence
How many people have called you iSlAmOpHoBe so far
There are a few, but definitely not to this degree, nor with such radical views.
I know such disillusioned people as well, but they all vote EKRE, not the Russophiles of Centre.
I was referring to just "one in a billion" geniuses.
There weren't enough ballots even in Moscow, which is overwhelmingly Dodon territory.
Estonia's Prime Minister loses no confidence vote, forced to resign
There are also some smaller irrelevant parties
It gained independence somewhere in the 19th century from the Netherlands, also use to part of France, and Nazi Germany.
I would so argue against this bullshit, but there's a blizzard ravaging Tallinn right now and my fingers are getting too cold to keep on writing on my Android.
I'm not sure tho
Yep, though there are different phenotypes generally i think i can recognize estonians
I agree that it belongs to the Crimean Tatars, but they are currently under an illegal foreign occupation, so better not give the gold to that criminal occupying state.
don't think a brit/german whatever would give a single crap about the contents of that comment :)
Plus half of our population lives in aesthetically hideous buildings that probably won't survive five decades.
but France is not Germanic because of Vichy regime for example.
I swear to god that's the first impression I got from the title, as sad as it wouldn't be.
". Jah means yes
Sadly no, it’s a podcast in Estonian about crime and paranormal fenomena
You can't fight fake news if it's already spreading...
But that part was omitted
Since when does the Spanish government pay Ronaldo and Messi
In some schools it's mandatory.
We are currently implementing some questionable economic policies.
By the way a German company Bayer bought Monsanto so now it must be shadowy German secret services ruling the world to make mutants.
It should be either all or nothing in my opinion.
Feminists: *eternal silence*
Does milk spill if you pour it from a carton?
In the US the first floor is at street level (i.e same as in Estonian)
As I said, kulaks and private farmers were the targets, people who failed to match the grain quota.
We retake Petseri and Narvataguse.
Soviet troops crossed the border before any response was given to the ultimatum and the following "referendum" consisted of Soviet troops from the Soviet bases and a handful of local communists voting on behalf of the entire Estonian population to join the USSR.
Nah, they're all buddies, considering they share more values with Russia
>But Austria still had the idea first
Either compare the number of people, who believe in god, or the number of people, who don't believe in a god nor in some other life force.
"Verito"
I do not supporst any gender quotas and I don’t think that all women who get any position should be celebrated as heros as it is done
But I think really special is the moment when you meet another Estonian in totally random place far away from home country
Needless to say it became a national laughing stock in an instant.
Estonia first became an independent country in 1918
&#x200B;
[It's common] *Karuperse* is another synonym.
Wilderness is not just forests though
problem is that Estonia doesn't have coal
The Estonian government collapsed just now too
If someone says to me specifiacally that they're an atheist the only fear or thought that crosses my mind is that maybe they're going to start spewing some crap from a cringey youtube video which makes /r/badphilosophy look good
I guess you could categorise Estonia to: Tallinn (the Capital; It has a large Russian minority), Norther Estonia, Eastern Estonia (It has a Russian majority), Southern Estonia (Many there speak Southern dialects and are Orthodox) and the Islands (They can't say the letter Õ).
Also - perhaps controversially - since 2005 you can vote though the internet using an ID-card
Homophobia is very real in Estonia, I think it's nice for the lgbt community to have a voice.
r/CursedComments
If you don't cook, you don't eat, if you don't eat you die
They are "deeply worried" and "voice deep concern" over the relationship we have with Russia
Because they took out some of the 2013 profit in 2014..
talu/talo: est
To be fair, they are most likely not citizens yet.
[Machines like that] or more advanced "pack robots" like [an Estonian company Cleveron offers] There are hundreds of those and they are basically everywhere
Inb4 Tiananmen Square 2
Im happy that you live in a place where cars everywhere arent a problem but Im honestly done with trying to solve puzzles in my head just to walk in the city and not get run over
[This one] is quite popular among students, containing the lyrics "Get out, get out of the country, those who drink Estonian vodka and don't speak Estonian
For hydro you can turn it up or down by regulating how much water hits the wheel and you regulate it to compensate for windy and non windy periods
Notable exceptions would be Cešis - Võnnu and Pskov -Pihkva
I get that we all learn at some point, but people never seem to use Google search for this
Conservative and Liberal parties have a total of 58% of the seats in parliament and even our Social Democrats are rather centrist for a social democratic party.
Its unbelievable how lucky we were
But, it was dispelled in the end of 90's when I first visited
We had a cheap foodstore chain expand to our old town buildings and they had some pretty cool decorations
But she had her friends here and studied Estonian, after a year she spoke it actually pretty well.
Classes were 45 minutes, regular breaks 5 minutes, lunches 20 minutes.
for example kittens and baby birds are referred to as "cat sons" and "bird sons" respectively.
Tacky
Well there are some things in Estonian thay could be percieved as sexist.
Oh yeah, any link to an actual agreement, not spread by a pro-Russian medium?
Austria ungari
bible
Estonians are not Slavic and I think this is [relatively] common.
*Orava* is the genitive form in Estonian, as well as a settlement
How many in your country have you been to?
Maybe also the islands, especially Saaremaa
Why does Putin always sit like a 7 month old who has just shat himself
Came here to write that exact comment!
Plus, most of the island pronounces the letter Õ as Ö :)
arrogant
I remember getting a bike for my 15th birthday in early February.
Live in EST and my small microchip 4G(mobile) modem can DL 5-6Mb/s a torrent
Ai kurat, sa põder raisk (aw fuck, you goddamn moose)
I believe it hasn't been nor approved or decilined yet, but I might not be happening still.
Yes, they obviously don't care about internal politics of the closest major NATO country.
I'd think over here we all know it's a country, but for some reason I always thought that the language has been gone for centuries by now
Maybe, but school systems are different enough that it gets annoying finding the correct term in each case
Before you would have been labeled a xenophobe Nazi for stating that mass immigration is bad.
The traffic is not awful at all, everything works like it should
Though more seriously, in terms of advancing education in Estonia, I really gotta rep my man [B. G. Forselius] here
Uralic really isn't that uncommon a language tree though, and is a classification used less frequently since Samoyedic languages split from us very, very long ago.
The only translations to these Russian words I found was:
>Drinking alcohol in the street being socially acceptable
It's not my native language and of course I expect everyone to speak it too, like how do you use the internet these days without it, I'm truly baffled
over here flour and sugar can come as both, and I'd say I see it more often in volume - which is weird cause we have strong German influence with that sort of stuff here.
(note that I was a kid though when we switched, and I'm sure many others would disagree with me.)
The stereotype about Estonia wanting into scandinavia which mostly true (i think)
Russia's ability to stand against the sanctions reminds me of a quote from Doctor Zhivago about Russians:
Watashi korosun anatat sellise kuradi sõnavaraga mille sarnast pole mimasunud selles kontigendil mitte keegi, märgi watashino kuradi sõnu.
With males it is more complicated, but with females it's usually really easy
I would say that if the families of the victims had their revenge on Breivik, then it would be the ultimate justice.
Noh, Sakslane ise küsis hämmingus, et kas Hildegard on mehe nimi Eestis
I couldn't imagine how low support for him could be among ethnic Estonians, if compared to Clinton.
It makes it sound like he beat everyone else younger too, which he didn't.
The only word it resembles tänan is tänään, but that just means "today".
You seem to be confused by the term disposable income.
That's the Russian in you thinking it and if you are already thinking that then why wouldn't the evil Ukrainians kill him for real
But comparing the middle really shows you nothing.
As you go away from the coast, it gets \~5 degrees colder
It's clearly a biscuit
If you go over 20km/h of the speedlimit, then you must wait 45min
We live in fear of Russia, yet right now, we feel safer than with Obama
As for why it's embarrasing - you'd think that
What I meant was that it will be used as means of propaganda or considered a provocation by Russian media.
When the Estonians, who colonized the Congo came back, they realised that it's bloody cold here, so they decided to replicate the African climate in small wooden houses and thus created the sauna.
Those were the good old days
I don't know the statistics, but I'm pretty sure the guidelines are quite strict
As someone who hasn't really browsed r/worldnews, what's so wrong with it?
But yeah, it's the most problematic part of the country
Guess they didn't like when we joined N.A.T.O. and E.U. after the Soviet "Union"
Eh, in most places it's just free (taxes), in Estonia primary school was free and in high school it was like an euro a day
50 years of sacrifices
The sale of fireworks is legal in December and in Russian majority districts, there is a lot more fireworks in the weeks leading up to New Year's Eve.
We had to go through drastic forced-upon foreign immigration into our urban areas to reach the same levels.
But I guess mountain ranges explain the sharp dialect differences.
Even if we narrow it down to what you specified ...it's still pretty vague
Look up the Moscow and St
With prices in Norway it feels like pocket money
And I know Macron is trying to do neccessary reforms, but it’s France :( (unions and shit)
This is some dystopian shit, i would never be okay with it
The amount of bullshit under my original comment is staggering :D
Knowing nothing of international law and following Russian propaganda.
Or perhaps the people unhappy with the lack of freedom have to make their organization abroad because they would be thrown to prison in Russia.
Not by a huge margin, but still.
And that's in Tallinn, most expensive city in Estonia
Estonians really keep to themselves, you can say hi and bye to the bus driver but just passing someone, no
Every time your Minister of Foreign Affairs opens his mouth, support for NATO inches a bit higher here
"Twelve buses" (*kaksteist bussi*) sounds like "cocks taste pussy".
Why does this rhyme
Regardless of your desires and skill you will be made to learn how to cook by necessity or die in the first months of university as you left your parents
We all agree that we are in the baltic, the rest is opinion, so heres mine
How PC it is to think negatively of Russia or Russians here.
Doubt they would bother anymore
I dont have any pocket money since my parents rarely give me any (im 16) . I dont even have a credit card
So how is the darkest time of the year going so far?
It’s a small difference of the name but this berry is called lumimari and the ice cream is lumemari
Literally everyone moves from all around the country to the capital - Tallinn
Just another day in London
Of course we hate russia when they're sending their goddamn spies in our countries and kidnap our people to get their agent back
also in the news in Estonia:
After being released from prison they were also often sent to places over 100km from a major town and lived in miserable conditions there.
Pretty rare as private enterprises were nationalized during the Soviet occupation.
I like denmark it's like a more laid back scandinavia, people arent so uptight
First we need proper train infrastructure
The horror
You cannot have a proper house without a sauna, plenty of richer folk even have saunas in apartments.
Then Coca-Cola just bought one of the most popular companies producing it in about 2001.
I had no feelings for Warsaw, but Krakow seemed lovely and I do want to make it to your seaside towns as well
I remember in Rome woman who owned the apartment my family stayed in was complaining about "cold" spring
Their culture is fading away as there is no government support for them.
look
No, I consider my knowledge about these subjects very good.
Irreligious, definitely not atheist.
I'd translate it as, "The hatch for the tunnel that the bullet is flying in
It's being abused and now it's being abused hard because of the refugee crisis, you can't talk to some of the so called "progressives" anymore about these issues, you will get called racist, or xenophobic, or islamophobic ("oh come on, we know what groups you mean, who you're attacking" - styled responses).
Yes, Russia is not rich and yes, the living standards are different, but there is a lot to see (it is BIG) and it's not unsafe
Looks like you dropped an n there, buddy
15 is damn cold for me
This made me plan to go to EU elections this May for the first time
Most teams in our top league even don't have salaries - they are basically amateur teams..
I'm sorry, dear Poles, but Poland is just horribly boring to drive through.
I think our version of patriotism is just different from that of America.
I don't have the time to look into it right now, but the chart posted here seems to be the only one with so negative results for Estonia.
But it can be defines when asnwering concrete questions at least in some way and since there are people willing to abuse this "no clear definition" for purely personal gain to the detriment of others - this is going to be up in the air now.
That's why I use MPV player and have never looked back
Baltic port - Paldiski
Have you visited all the administrative divisions of your country?
Turns out that black or rye bread isn't that popular everywhere
I wonder if you still say that after you are a victim of a brutal crime
It's a nice costal city with loads of diversity
I do not honestly understand what you think such policies accomplish.
Maybe Estva, Latva and Litva (probably something very obscene)
He's holding an average polish man
That is kind of a strange rule.
Honestly I think it's unhealthy how much I have riding on this summer, it's always better in my head than in reality but it's true that those few good summer days give me the hope to survive winter
Attributing ethnicities to haplogroups is a huge oversimplification though.
That's pretty cool, I've only ever heard "The Öresund Region" being mentioned in that context
It was "Lithuania is independent again now within the borders of Lithuanian SSR".
No anti-German sentiment here, we're to preoccupied with russians
> stop blaming the Soviets
te is used for strangers and people you don't have a personal relationship with, as well as some seniority cases - a phone marketer or a professor I would use 'te' with, and a few of my middle school teachers also expected 'te' (but the ones who did were usually kind of pricks).
Narva was split by the soviets into two cities
OK, it seems it is indeed [used] for Monaco as well in certain contexts.
Meaning there’s no official word
1918-1920
Where's the Russian flag
For Slovenian, have a peak in there: [
Guess I'm not particularly fond of low temperatures.
I cant recall any jokes about finns
But no, let the people finance criminals, that's fine
"Ät" - means nothing
Is it really so difficult to grasp??
We had such a religious majority change as well.
Everyone wants a magic fairy to save the world but no one has any real solutions
Haha, tried going to Hallstatt two summers ago, no parking spots
There are also many building-related false friends:
" "Yes" note that the person getting the bread is unknown so it could be anyone but it's typically either you or we in this specific situation
Jõehobu - river horse (hippo)
Now I usually just say "Halloo
Pea, õlad, pepu, põlved, varbad, põlved, varbad
I'd say about 25% of the party's vote comes from ethnic Estonians.
that relationship being, you know, war
debunked by a simple wikipedia search
You're then just limiting the ability for cyclists and pedestrians
It was a beautiful peaceful revolution that got three occupied states to secede from the Soviet Union.
Boy, was I wrong
Karlovy Vary was really beautiful - I liked it far more than Prague.
Казнить, нельзя помиловать! - execute, no mercy
I love the way estonian sounds in song, its beautiful
>, but they're shorter
And some Spaniards believe that "footing" means jogging in English
It's not like that over the whole Europe though
Well, it uses both two alphabets and four standard forms, albeit these are divided by national borders.
Really, pineapple on pizza and you would say it's not pizza?
I don't think anyone thought that "we're back in USSR" because of that, but plenty of people didn't like the return of red passports, which reminded people of the Soviet times.
It’s a downward trend, or at worst, an even trend
Don't forget Museum of Occupations
They’re clean and safe as well, I don’t really know why they wouldn’t be
Before the modern period, this change has happened in Estonian and other southern Finnic languages
Some completely disillusioned people indeed.
You'll be paying over 100,000€ for a 3-bedroom apartment in our capital (On average).
Didn't think of that, but yes, it's a struggle
Some people, especially older generation say that you'll need Russian anyway and it's a very important language in basically every career choice.
how long was poland nazi for 5 minutes?
Works fine for Berlin, will work fine for Moscow
It should change, but for that each member state needs to change the international agreement, which goes through the parliaments/heads of state and not just the ministries of defense.
This "but they're closer to country X" argument seems to be very common for Latin America...
I write a hybrid style too
[But because of gulags, our celebrities don't look like this.]
Like Pärnu which by area is larger than New York City now for the same reason
wind and hydro remains and we have both but they aren't enough
"Thank you for not being angry for what happened in Berlin"
But Estonians don't want to be Scandinavians
Sorting out important information and understandind metaphors has never been a strong suit of putinbots.
*Hoida nagu sitta pilpal* - To hold something like a turd on a stick
Yes, that's correct, sad when people leave us out of the fun
But I am just your typical workaholic, so I am not a good representative of an average worker
Almost all Europeans retaining their biases about Estonia.
I've had sour cream on pizza in Russia
Oh boy, you continue to amuse me.
White is for the endeavor towards happiness and enlightenment.
Well there's the South Estonian variants (Võru, Seto, Tartu, and Mulgi), though to what extent they count as different languages than just dialects is debatable
It's a very fun tune though
Generally with an S, but many Estonians make it a point to pronounce it with an Sh, but it sounds a bit pretentious as does the "over-pronunciation" of other foreign place names, especially well known city names
But what I mean is hot dry rock, super deep geothermal, not volcanic miracles that are Iceland and Kamchatka, where nobody lives
They are not assimilated into the Estonian society (as the local Russian society largely forms a separate society within the general society).
Some people say that 30 degrees are unbearable here because air here is very humid but I dunno, I just want to die
Most destruction of cities in 1944 was blamed on nazis
Clement "Puppey" Ivanov -professional DOTA 2 player
What's wrong with "pasta with ketchup"?
I had no feelings for Warsaw, but Krakow seemed lovely and I do want to make it to your seaside towns as well
Or smaller countries labeled as "?"
The EU *needs* to pay its fair share.
I guess I’ll just remain faithful to our meatballs and smoked flounder with glorious potatoes
The opportunity to go across the bay and work in Finland has LITERALLY done more to the wages and economic development than anything from Reform Party.
Unfortunately, can relate
Ah, the benefits of not having such a shitty healthcare system
[It's always the ass-wiping comparisons.]
All this talk without mentioning or even recognizing the reality where Russia has invaded Ukraine and killed at least 10 000 people.
Economic liberty is the key to high GDP.
1) Maanteeamet suurendada asulavälisel teel suurimat lubatud sõidukiirust 120 kilomeetrini tunnis;
have different meaning depending from pronunciation
Even Helsinki is more similar to Riga than Tallinn
- Can build a 50 m strongest wall in the world between Estonia and Russia
In reality all sides can commemorate, in Estonia German side gathers near Sinimäed, Soviet side used to gather in downtown, now they gather in the military cemetery due to a infamous Bronze Soldier
*pööriöö öötöö* ("solstice night night labour")
We have the same system, but it's incompatible with Finnish or Latvian ones, for example
This has nothing to do with Latvia, so I don't understand why you're so invested in what estonians think on this topic
How can Ingria have strong nationalist (or don't you mean secessionist?) tendencies if almost the entire indigenous Finnic population was eradicated by Stalin?
from the Livonian Order or the successive influence of the Hansa in the baltic sea
If everybody is a minority, then nobody is a minority.
In Estonia there are currently 72
These are way more dumb than labeling Hungarians after their related ethnic group...
Now Syria could be rather legal against ISIS and illegal against Assad.
Webpages really cant afford to adapt to every situation differently
you make a small change in intonation or a barely noticable break between the two parts that make up the word
Look at hard data, and take decisions from there.
Also, while Narva's failure to even restore the town hall in 20+ years is ridiculous, there are other similar stories elsewhere
And also because of the low numbers, it is not really worth it for radical organizations to spend resources on targeted recruitment here
There is potential to export a lot of electricity and other products not based on gas
Americanization that's why
Local Russians are a grave threat to us next to an actual Russian invasion.
Why does the highest tower have this little sub-tower on its side?
Great Patriotic war (world war II on eastern front) and victory
&#x200B;
Wow that's truly a lot to remember even!
Time can stop too
>PZL Świdnik won't be touched by the courts because it's the rulings party beloved company
You sound like Europe should stop pushing Russia back
Weekly 10 most popular shows are usually all from ETV
Only thing missing is a stein of beer from Weihenstephan
why everyone who charged with corruption in Russia, quickly became Putin's critics and major democratic values lover/supporter?
But no, let the people finance criminals, that's fine
The death penalty was completely abolished in Estonia in 1998, in order to comply with the European Union laws
The miserably common one that we're not a part of Russia
No, that's just a coincidence
Had birds singing in the trees week ago
Sweden - Rootsi (from old-swedish: rods)
Apart from slightly less people at the university, and on busses, would wouldn't know there was anything special going on
* The brunt of paying for healthcare lies on working class and their employers
Finns represent your country?^/s :)
These words are thrown around everywhere and they have almost lost their meaning.
Our education specialist have no other way of explaining our success other than the fact that our teachers mainly focus on PISA tests.
Sometimes it's even shorter when we see another Estonian: "In every port
Over here, all people know at least these to things about Hungary for sure: that our languages are related and that "A Pál utcai fiúk" is from Hungary (kids read it in school)
You have no idea what our Russians would do.
17 years in power is a long time, they got really arrogant.
Especially if UK really leaves the EU
That's mostly a thing in northern Estonia I believe
What's the problem, I can't understand.
I guess in Estonia we don't have any significant examples (or maybe I don't know about them) because we don't have any projects started in the first place
But if we use the word accent mainly for "foreign accents", then why confuse the two.
|o|
If I had to choose between Jewish lives and MY OWN life, then obviously I'm going to choose myself.
I mean Soviets didn't like it so I think it counts as a crime
Thus, there is no mention-worthy alco-chain between Russia and Estonia.
You can [take a trip with an old boat on the river] there are also several cute little bars like [this] or [this]  I recommend going to a sauna, even the smaller places can have decent sauna complexes like [this] in Tartu and [this] in Tallinn
Polymeeri, miljonääri, märttyyri and pyjama also come to mind.
He thinks the US wanted to mass murder Soviet people just for the fun of it.
Aliens can vote in municipal elections in Estonia.
It's a common psychological theme.
I’d say Pärnu
In Estonia private tuition is not really a thing
Chechenya is in Russia so they'll be fine
I blame the left-wing media for hiding the truth and the right-wing media for inventing facts.
EKRE (Right wing Conservative Party)
Americans on the other hand are not an ethnicity, they are a nationality - in Europe these are mostly interchangeable as most European states are based on a single ethnicity where other ethnic groups are in a minority
* 1918-1940
Cheese under ham
Sort of a "you don't say" moment
Public saunas are almost always big, private saunas not so much.
Read again, I never mentioned Russians or tried to give an explanation to estonian genetics as a reply to you.
Italians especially - if you try a traditional food a little differently, they go nuts.
You are one of these barbarians who makes potato salad with vinegar aren't you
Work night = töööö
We only have towns, but I'd think that the most different is either [Kuressaare] that just looks a bit different being made of houses that have [white limestone walls & red roofs] way more than others (the island also has a bit different history than the mainland) or the capital [Tallinn] that has more [soviet vibes] and also more [modern vibes] than the rest of the country, let alone the [medieval old town]
Wait, I think I live next to that drug dealer park
Seems like 128 countries need to pay 100 trillion now
They brought in their troops (and later admitted it) and set up mock referendum.
> climate change denial is crossing a line
–o–
1 000 000 000 000 000 = kvadriljon (nobody really uses it)
We need better trains
Do you live near the cost that you have visited so many?
I agree my initial phrase was based on emotion
the Germans and Soviets did a pretty good job 'cleaning house'.
I started learning English from Cartoon Network at age 4
Thus, it's 4G with all of it's faults.
Most cars were like from the 90s and early 00s.
But NATO expanding their borders all the way to Russia's doorstep is seen by them as aggression as well.
"Tangerines" is also highly recommended
Yea sure it's cool to own a car but cars are wasteful, no fighting that
You need some new great thinkers that can inspire people to develop a better system - I'd hope that they will start cropping up
And Finland is the step bro who isn't in the family
No worries, my remark was rather rhetorical.
Actually, the correct translation is "rush B no stop". Very common mistake for beginner russian learners
I really can't see how our poverty could be a threat, considering how much the economy has developed in a few decades.
Compound words are pretty fucked
As you can see from the replies, it pretty much depends on the part of the Europe.
You realy should read up before buying into your anty Russia propaganda
Ooh oooh oooh
Germany, Russia, Sweden, Denmark and maybe Lithuania
We only give fame to rich and talentless adults.
Few Estonian youths speak adequate Russian though, but I guess there are more of them in the service industry.
Right now the table flip is a legal remedy.
i think Frozen's translation to estonian is one of the clumsiest sounding ones i have ever heard
Cars parked outside were of course also exceedingly expensive
So my friend tried to be the active one and started a conversation about whether I usually put ham on cheese or cheese on ham on my sandwich
As for estonians i haven't seen a single person that could forgive or look past the horrors
The hotels are fucking expensive, especially during the summer.
I think it's a retarded concept.
Actually we often drink the thick ones as well.
A type of farmhouse called "rehielamu", which combines rooms for drying and threshing crops with living quarters under the same roof
They weren't members of the "SS in the regular sense" even during the war as their units were ideologically very different from the regular SS
So far it is not happening
It would be a lot easier to cut all aid and benefits to those people and then offer them 1.200 to return home.
I've dated long distance before, and at one point I did start learning the language of my boyfriend.
countries with large linguistic minorities
For example, an eagle that would fly and grab the paper, but you could take it down with rocks or scissors
Crimea is also controlled by Russia, we all understand that, but it belongs to Ukraine.
That would be a fucking dank spot for meditating tbh.
/self-designated PR department
You mean different intonations.
I thought every country in Europe has free healthcare
To everybody saying "it's not 100 years, there was an occupation".
Main TV channel of the Eesti Rahvusringhääling (Estonian National Public Broadcasting)
I guess that's basically what [aghcsiz] wanted
Hydrogen - Voden' (Water-thing)
I must admit, I have never visited Oslo, I usually try to avoid the capitals
Moi is also what Finns say and it's possible that it's a Low Saxon loan
Otherwise they are extremely cold and reserved
In my experience you don't really fall while running, probably due to the speed inertia, which will just carry you forward.
&#x200B;
But when the slavea rose up they burned the mansions down
That's why you can be an Estonian in the Netherlands without being a Dutch, but while you can be an Italian in the US and an American by nationality, you won't be an American by ethnicity
Frankly, it is sometimes not 100% free, as there can be some minimal fees, that are meant to act as small barriers
For most Estonians it will still remain a no-go party...
Islanders think they vikings Vikings
River Narva which forms the Estonian-Russian border has one dam but the powerstation itself is completely on Russian side so we have 0 share.
I'm addicted to building unbelievably expensive custom castles (yeeeeeeaaahhhh)
For example in Estonian we say "meil" when referring to an e-mail
A group that was supposed to create the fifth column for the USSR/Russia to forever hold us tied with Russia.
Insufficient regulation
" and this is a totally normal thing to say as you are passing a person working that you know, even if you only know the face and have never spoken to
And long painted fingernails, several rings or other jewelry, often wear a cross (orthodox, this also applies for males and is rare for Estonians
So military invasion of another country is justifiable?
I have it already
I think it's the same in Irish.
We should do more stuff together, like saving the languages of distant relatives who are still trapped somewhere in Russia
Finland, genetically linguistically and culturally
In Nordic countries there would be constant activism to put an end to this.
I guess the Russian majority Ida-Viru County can be said to be something like that, but it's a very urbanized population that is the weird one there, not the rural population.
you don't even seem German after stating that!
i am a young adult woman
Nice way to portray your brainwash.
I was thinking about what we call *leivasupp*.
Pierogi (pelmeen) and kefir(keefir), both are very common in Estonian households
It makes so much more sense for Na to be Naatrium (in Estonian) than sodium (???) etc
Meanwhile Russia will host a military exercise behind Balitc countries border this year thas has over 100 000 soldiers.
The people of Crimea consider themselves to be more Russian than Ukrainian
Maybe, but the more realistic scenario that doesnt involve foreign intervention is that the ruling classes of the others will try to steal the money.
I only answered facts that they do exist and I was immediately downvoted...
Maybe later when I start earning more than the minimum wage Ill try to pay, at my age it seems fair
The concept of Baltic states did not exist back then
While i use English pretty much every day, i don't technically *speak* it very often.
We have the good old rock, paper, scissors (kivi, paber, käärid)
All tents and outside terraces of any kind are usually gone by mid-October and appear again in May.
So you are proud of supporting undemocratic and criminal regimes?
In estonian nigger is not an offensive word(unless you use it offensivly) and calling someone black may be offensive aswell, because the word can mean the colour or being dirty/unclean.
I think the cold record here is like -38.
Also, playful loving, although it is a bit old expression - armatsema (regular *to love* is *armastama*)
Compared to most Western countries ;)
They are mostly against private individuals.
We can just count those who migrated to Europe.
fuck, all this work for nothing :p
>and the fact that if you looknat the map and picture Finland being a maiden, Turku is in the spot of the asshole region
Like Pärnu which by area is larger than New York City now for the same reason
Well yeah, pretty embarrasing when you claim "oh everyone here supports the independence
fine with my home tap, but at my dad's I can't stand the taste it has.
You wouldn't consider smt like Narva or Kohtla-Järve the most different considering they're majority Russian
Depends from country then
Merisiga- sea pig (guineapig) <-- noidea if thats how its spelled
And I want to stress here that there is absolutely no imaginary hostility towards Russia or russians.
That being said, Tallinn as a whole is one of my least favourite towns in Estonia
It was hell on earth
This mentality can really be stressful for Greek students
This was the traditional vernacular architecture until the mid 19th century, when Estonians were serfs and were not allowed more.
Also, bicycling is much more common in Tartu, the second biggest city (it's the university town of Estonia).
Wait, I think I live next to that drug dealer park
Everyone remain quiet on the boat.
And how exactly would you say they got their wealth unfairly
Estonians just have a kinda ugly sounding accent, it doesn't have any specific characteristics at all, just sounds like you just ate something really hot
GDP of Russia was $3.5 trillion (2016) (PPP)
Bottle deposit and recycling system
ja nende maksud
As much as I understood from [this comment] they fell out of use in written Dutch very recently.
Dont worry it will change soon enough
Where is Alex Jones when you need to hype up a false flag operation
It's just well known overall due to being close to both Finland and Russia
Best to take a look at English articles (or German in case of ww1 and ww2) and compare them
* Tallinn Old Town
As soon as serfdom was abolished, Estonians became wealthier and slowly started to build [new houses]
Not every death is due to racism.
Against limited numbers of Russian Green Men pretending to be "local separatists" is an entirely different story.
I for one would welcome our new Swedish overlords
Maybe it was produced 1962 :), I have no idea
Eh ya know good ol Estonia
Oh, older Estonians seem to have [starker accents] too.
I wish you well
I know about Algeria being colonised by France (have read a lot of Camus)
We need closer economic and political cooperation with Taiwan
because we look up to Sweden (as well as other countries like Germany and Netherlands) and don't want them to be worse off neither due to immigrants, nor the reaction to immigrants (alt-right populists).
With teenagers, it depends on the family
It's actually a mix of British and American English with an Estonian accent.
Western-Europe has lost wolves and bears, sadly.
Yay
Granted, we are a couple with no kids, getting 30 any day now and both have a Masters degree, so atm we are well off
There is Lake Baikal
Over half of the city is Russian indeed, and your comparsion to them as "gypsies" are also somewhat true.
Fun Fact: Estonia had a lot of vikings
That's your idea of the vessel Estonians raided Sigtuna with?
But I really like the **preamble of the Estonian constitution**:
From Google:
A Russian general later reported back from Estonia that "there is nothing left to destroy; not a cock crows from Lake Peipus to the Gulf of Riga".
Otherwise a will can be obliging for a certain time, but it won't form a contract before the other party has expressed his or her corresponding will too.
Palatalization: "palk" (log) and "palk" (salary) are pronounced differently
As I answered to him, there is for many nonbelievers.
I guess we'll go with  Latvia and Lithuania
With the internet and social media, every example of death by police has a much higher likelihood of reaching you so it serves to paint a false narrative compared to the past
Livonian too
Yes, that's correct, sad when people leave us out of the fun
But I have a rational reason for calling a person, who believes in magical things without evidence "dumb".
I usually was literally sleeping through 1st-2nd lessons
Or maybe at the help desk and gets praised for the excellent work they're doing while they just usually restart stuff to fix the problem
There are still things like foreman, policeman etc in Estonian so they complain about these.
There was a huge housing crisis up to and including the 70s - my mother grew up in a communal apartment, 11 people per 3 rooms (3 families)
One of the main problems is plumbing as there is no room for proper plumbing inside the walls
They were allied at the time the USSR invaded and occupied the Baltic countries.
*öötöö toob töömehe hilisöösel sööma*.
baltic state in violation of Russia NATO agremant of '92.
Didn't you know that the Nazis (in the form of Einstein) gave us the Theory of Relativity.
and by too far i mean like more than 1
Austria-Ungari Impeerium
He pressed spacebar, saluted the imaginary Hitler, and THEN added the question mark.
Metsatöll - Oma Laulu Ei Leia Ma Üles
Looking back Lyudmila always ah mention
Living in a Russian district in Tallinn, it's pretty weird how Russians stock together and Estonians fill the sides with decent intervals :D
But temperatures below -20C are usually considered somewhat newsworthy
Tõde ja õigus (Truth and Justice)
>Most country did not accept that excuse as sufficient to allow them to hold parades
Well, as the Murphy's Law of Cycling goes: "[There will be a headwind in both directions.
Not a good look for us chief
Yea but you cant travel
In Estonia private tuition is not really a thing
People have gone missing, Multiple UFO sightings have been reported, compasses and GPS's can stop working
Most likely the territories that were heavily Russified during the Soviet occupation
It's not in the European part of Turkey, it's in Asia Minor.
A true friend is someone, who is available when in need.
Instead, the media goes to Ratas and ask him about how horrible it is that, for example, Soandso called doctors murderers
You're skeptical about the claim that the US has forced dictatorships upon weaker countries?
Lithuania 99 years ago is not the same Lithuania that is today.
Europe reaches up to Ural mountains.
A comparison would be "Nike/Adidas" and "Nice/Adibas", Germans by 1944 didn't really follow any assembly instructions when getting men to fight for them as new units were made
What trade policy is he talking about?
I have been in Poland and Hungary multiple times.
Some European countries have no white guilt whatsoever and are [quite patriotic]
Though looking at how people are not happy about Polish politicians at all, it might not help a lot
well majority of buildings are from old occupations, really, considering that we've only been a free country for what,
The most run-down places are probably [Sirgala] and [Rummu] In Tallinn, the most horrible looking place is definitely around the ["line" streets of Kopli Peninsula]
However Jaan would be the quite similar cognate in Estonia.
So the effects are felt, but it takes a long time for it to actually have the enormous effect it will probably have in the long run.
I work pretty much all week anyway
I am aware of them meaning different things, but this is mostly an American quirk, where liberals = socialists etc.
But radioactive zones aren't always *that* dangerous and doubt there is that much of a quick change in the threat level once you're past the sign
Looks pretty, has a great acquarium, 92 years of motor racing history, interesting palace
I've kinda lost that optimism
There are no examples of stalinist architecture here, really
Basically they both have deep respect to nature and these animistic old beliefs really strong in their folk culture
I don't think our Russian population is a threat to us.
2026 can't come faster
In 2011 of the 470
While also being fully fledged EU citizens
Now I'm just hoarding them, maybe I should take the "penny jar", go to the bank to deposit them, let them have their share, but at least I will get those 20 or so euros on my account.
Occupied as in controlled, yes.
It's an independent country that shouldn't be treated as a doorstep or a border to another country.
France is a [semi-presidential system] which is quite a common political term.
I guess the "they are overspending" stereotype sticks out among Estonians, especially as we value austerity so much.
One name was Johannes(i know some other languages have Johannes aswell but apparently they write the name way that we do in Estonian)
It is very likely they were invented by Scandinavians, again for sure.
In 2014 poll only 24.3% of people in Donetsk supported joining Russia.
It's faster to read something that to watch someone talk about their stuff
Or to put "a beautiful house" declensions into Estonian:
Im just fascinated on what you base such claims on
Germany played a large role
Yeah, only extermination of bourgeoisie, wealthy peasants and "enemies of the state". Guess it's okay if you're deported or killed based on your class instead of your race
We say Peking in Estonian too
Time went by, I was lucky to have the opportunity to travel quite a bit and see the world
Russia - Venemaa (from old-germanic: wened)
Shitty weather makes it seem like there is a lighter haze from 11 AM to 2 PM, not even proper daylight.
When I went to Vienna I visited Schönbrunn Palace and that huge wheel they have, etc
That when people say bread they mean white bread
As an American expat, I was totally surprised and enthralled with them
How do you think we got what we have
Or maybe South Pole, they say there's a nice chilly weather out there
Don't hate randomly, hate specifically :)
Pesukaru - washing bear (raccoon)
Well we have the Estonian-Russian cultural differences, but among the Estonian population there is the north-south divide.
There have always been voters with low IQ, there were definitely before.
Does not matter - all channels are losing but ETV is still so much more popular that it is not even funny
I'll be learning Finnish this year since it's quite similar to Estonian , plus Finland is just a short ferry away!
Neither do I.
This is a vehicle used for fairs/display only
Sick and tired of the cold misery here
Kaelkirjak- (this one has 2) neck spoty or neck typie (giraffe)
No, but luckily I have had a chance to meet Karelians, Maris, Mordvins and Komis at Finno-Ugric culture events.
Estonia never was part of USSR before the occupation on 1940.
But atleast it is out of the way now
I don't care if I survive the winter or not.
Sami languages are actually quite distant from other Finnic languages, but they still have many similar words.
Seems to me you want to let their lies and panic creation to go unhindered and you just added some empty bit about investing in education across the board.
The moving abroad part is true for some doctors, but I'm not sold that's a bigger aspect than socio-demographical changes - and it is even amplified by that
All of South America is Western.
This kind of jump to minks or whatever other animal will happen again and again
"Other news on the CNN, Italy has declared war on France and already occupied southern France".
Didn't the rally ban come from current PM?
Is it a domestic flight if you have to fly over foreign territory?
Here in Estonia basic pension (if you didn't work) is like 190 euros, average if you worked for lets say 30 years is around 400ish euros
Hmm, I guess all of the US 19th century acquisitions are null and void because they're stolen illegally from Mexico and Americans brought in a lot of American people to out-settle the Mexicans.
Not necessarily rougher (like someone stereotypically pronouncing German as if everyone was an SS soldier kind of way), but still more concrete
The Estonian word for bucket *ämber* comes from Greek *amfora*.
Other than people of mixed families - no, they are not ethnically related peoples
Because it was a temporary and very soft solution for a few years.
Make vodka from grain then
It also says "in the current and foreseeable security environment".
imagine having grammatical genders lmao
Venice/Venezia is pretty different too
Apparently, unpeeled potatoes have a lot more vitamin C left after boiling than peeled potatoes.
Lets ban any Polish space initiatives and then invite them back!
Can you opt out of both types of services with zero legal repercussions
And that had nothing to do with emigration, but with Estonians and their strong maritime culture
Russia has military scattered all around their huge country.
Personal preference is obviously fair enough, but I think pretty universally accepted as a relatively normal food around here.
Luxembourgish and Turkish are excluded as well, despite being statewide official languages in certain member states.
*Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein the supreme power of state is vested in the people
None of the candidates were fascist
Remember - I didn't say that there is no correlation, there definitely is!
It would be unreasonable to think the parents of the birthday kid can manage to take care of all the other kids as well as their own
Also, the Baltic states is not a country, I hope you know that
Actually, being a teacher is a too-often-overlooked option
Im fine with estonia, its latin
Basement can be both 0 and -1
So, yes
Estonia somehow staying afloat with the [Finno-Ugric suicide hypothesis] and the generally high suicide rates in post-socialist countries.
a hundred years ago
His father had oriental roots, but it's not clear what ethnicity exactly
In trams you either have to use the Ühiskaart, your smartphone or swipe your debit card or credit card
My grandparents live there, they only go to the Latvian side for cheap booze and diesel
Similar in Estonian with "kurk", but it's only the same in nominative case, declension is different "kurk/kurgi/kurki" for cucumber, "kurk/kurgu/kurku" for throat
Typically our names for cities are very similar to their original version with adjustments to better fit the language
But if you have bought an apartment the loan payments could be quite a bit smaller
Their Estonian, social liberal wing overthrew the "pro-russian" wing of the party just a few days ago, which sparked the government crisis to begin with.
[Children have them] and [men have them]
The whole idea of giving the right to veto to those specific members was to avoid another world war
Asterix comics were so much fun
I guess they really can't comprehend our reality, since they lived their merry and trouble-free life up in the North
There's plenty that make most people roll eyes or scoff if somebody waved these without irony or historical reasons
For an entire year, UK was the only nation at war with Germany
The median wage in Greece is 50% higher though.
Why did you leave the perfect weather and crazy wildlife for our frozen corner of Europe?
–o–
000 stateless people (6% of the population), most of which are Russians
Now, what would it make your ancestors
Because it doesn't have that much defensive value in the modern world, its baroque old town was destroyed in the war, its population deported and new population brought in from Russia.
I personally also felt an odd connection when visiting Portugal
In Russian we have послезавтра (poslezavtra) for overmorrow and позавчера (pozavchera) for the day before yesterday
Conservative migrants, who form their own majority communities and who on a large part are against the local societies...
Some Finnish and Estonian dialects use more cases (up to 17 in Finnish and 15 in Estonian) and both standard languages use the archaic prolative case with some words.
[A local variation
More than the average summer temperature here in Estonia
Maybe it's common elsewhere too but I haven't heard about it
We only have towns, but I'd think that the most different is either [Kuressaare] that just looks a bit different being made of houses that have [white limestone walls & red roofs] way more than others (the island also has a bit different history than the mainland) or the capital [Tallinn] that has more [soviet vibes] and also more [modern vibes] than the rest of the country, let alone the [medieval old town]
With pea soup smetana is optional
You simply are apart of the common zones, free economy and peoples movement etc
but someone still decided Hungarian and Estonian are somehow connected
It is eurocommies and Russia
Yea in Estonia education is a major thing
A government that actually works
The only other North Estonian dialect still spoken is the Islands dialect, which differs on specific islands
There's just no way two differently written words would sound the same in Estonian and only in very rare situations can similarly written words be pronounced differently (*saada* and *saada* or *palk* and *palk* for example) either because of vowel length or palatalization, which native speakers get from context anyway.
Woah dude
I believe has been growing everywhere in Europe.
Didn't understand the directions
That's the key here where you are wrong.
I have never heard anyone use it
So it is quite common that parents and grandparents keep asking when will you be showing them your partner (if you don’t have a girlfriend/boyfriend yet) or when will they finally have their grandchildren (if you’re already in a relationship)
And the same time people are getting beaten up in old town every weekend with no police in sight (not every weekend, but you get the point)
As someone with over a 1000 hours of EU4 over the years, this triggers me hard
not quite what you're looking for but has some pretty good comparisons of cities relating to how expensive living in them would be.
That's super silly, with the switch to winter time more accidents happen in the evenings as there's more traffic and it's darker than it was before the switch too
Definitely British English, if rumours are true she's now a head master in England
I don't know of any to be honest, besides a few KGB museums at their former premises, but these are more about their methods than about their crimes
I have relatives working in Estonian healthcare and know pretty well that their pay is not nearly good enough for the amount of work they do
I might be in the minority but getting mcdonald's on your trip isn't that bad imo, it's quite nice and conveniant
So you're going to forget about our presidents as soon as they are not married to Latvians?
And first lessons were not productive anyway - everyone was really sleepy
Plus geopolitics is at a constant change, don't you think?
How do you know which god sent it?
000 left for Russia in the 90s and of the about 320
But that guy not only modernised teaching methods, initiated a spelling reform that brought written Estonian much more in line with the actual pronounciation, and started a seminary to educate Estonians to become schoolteachers, he also took two of his students to demonstrate their literacy before the Swedish king to prove that educating Estonians was worthwhile
Now think for at least 5 seconds, perhaps you will understand the difference of the mentality the survivor and the family might have.
Happy cake day
We have one of the most forested countries and
Eggs
Needs more moist
Some people want the name of Estonia in English to be Estland (i.e the name it has in many Germanic languages)
Arma 3 and I've also gotten into modded Skyrim.
communist apartments still serve good
We have seen nuclear powers (US, Russia) wage wars, they won't resort to nuking
A gradual colour change would have been better.
Don't you have English grammar/writing and literature separated?
Existence of natives reminds about your crimes.
Maybe food-realted stuff like team [*peenleib*] vs team [*vormileib*] for bread preferences, though I think the majority is team *vormileib* anyways
It's not like I'm going to Sweden or Russia on a whim
But Estonians don't want to be Scandinavians
>Eastern Europe
Estonian Republic was vilified a lot
Yes, it's expected that kids will go to school on their own after a few weeks at age 7
Apparently mixing up law and politics is very simple.
Then it is difficult to say
Those roaming rules apply for European Economic Area and Switzerland is not in it.
Where ever you have roamed basically.
Different countries have many extra letters on the keyboard.
Whenever it gets too hot I just spray water on my arms, legs and sometimes on my hair, if I feel like my head is getting too hot
the estonian one's image is like
Wow, what you've described is eerily similar to what I had in shool in Estonia
Yea I learnt about that, brutal stuff but I hear he was an ass( and that's putting it lightly)
He's (supposedly) the most performed living composer in the world
I wish there were more invasions like Grenada.
I didn't say I know more about the US than you do, it just seems that you still don't know what a [nation state] is, considering you think the US is a nation state or even more weirdly that you think each US state is a nation state...
I also went swimming and it was quite cold
Puuvill - tree wool (cotton)
Wonder if the same colour scheme also applies to the thumbnail r/Europe map of Europe.
Finland
But the whole point is that immigration itself is not the problem, but immigration from places with a culture that's incompatible with the host country.
Don't you have to be a grownup?
For example they say *istus* ("sat") like we do, while Finns from other places say *istui*.
Sügisball(Autumn Ball)
That sounds more natural than "Montenegrins", hilarious though
Usually young Russian females have something that shows off their pretty figure way more, like extra skinny blue jeans that have some sparkle on them or really short dresses - both of them go with extra high heels
Otherwise it's normal I guess
If you keep insulting estonians for how they feel (like many latvians seem to do in reddit), or trying to manipulate opinions like some of your posts, then it will result in the opposite reaction to what you're looking for
Pelmeni were invented in udmurtia and it means ear bread in komi
And what is travelling in this context?
Estonia had declared independence in February 1918.
You misrepresent Conquests position.
All the graveyards look pretty much like this:
“Change the world” is a really vague slogan
(There's 2)
Otherwise, the US is a member of the Council of Europe, who just can't vote on anything lol.
Plus there were some courses that were in English anyway to include foreign students, who were there for a short period.
German is not unique in this though.
The only difference is that we didn't have a free 7th hour (which kinda sucked on longer days)
First of all, speak for your own country, and secondly, it's really all about lack of regulation
And they definitely aren't interested in weakening it.
5 meters lmao
You know, in kiosks that have been there since mid 90s at least
What happened to all of east Prussia and everything east of the river Oder
According to museum's home page fortifications were built 1600-1640 by Danes.
You can’t. You can only swipe your Ühiskaart (public transport card) which everyone uses since only this way you get a free ride
But then your claim is just a guess
I am sorry, but in my country I would forever consider you an immigrant unless you have some Estonian heritage.
And the place varying from milder forest and moon to holes around pelvic region as well as hell, satan etc.
the parkour possibilities are endless
that's probably just a picture taken at 1600, that's how dark it is
NEWSFLASH: BRITAIN JUST DECISIVELY REJECTED THE EU
That piercing thing is seriously far less of a problem than you guys seem to think...
No, the term "foreign" relates to other sovereign states.
6) Android app that ties to your prepaid card and used NFC on your phone along with special SIM card
As for why it's embarrasing - you'd think that
It's a good place if you want to get stabbed or something
He just visited once, but I presume if he came back permanently, he would lose his German accent fairly easily.
You can copy your classmates conspect always but...
And I think it´s incredibly dangerous for EU, if the EU approaches this situation as an anti-Russian movement
r/Russia is the prime example of this...
It usually stays at about 65% of the voting age population.
doing drills
Ah, I see and I think I know what you mean.
Like one of their stores is on the cellar level so you have random \~13-15th century stone walls next to the isles, random well spots I guess, simply covered off with see through reinforced glass you can walk on etc
Who the hell cuts potatoes like that, it should be in cubes
I'd imagine literary languages that developed quite recently have changed drastically more than others because of the lack of vocabulary in the beginning.
Some identically written words are pronounced differently and you can only differentiate them by context and word order:
There is nothing ignorant or panicky about their attack on the media (and to lesser extent judiciary).
[Here] is a list of all policemen, who died on duty since 1991.
From this word we also have the verb "spikerdama" - "to cheat (on a test)"
Honestly that stuff doesn't work all the time, electing Trump "was just gonna be fine", brexit "was gonna be fine" and so on
You recall wrong both otherwise thats the gist of it tho its a lot more complicated than your summary
You mean the referendum we didn't take part in?
Yup, hyphenation is optional, but öötöö is a legit word though, doesn't even need a hyphen, literally the word for night-work/nightshift
I really loved the system
Just like most people also use word Scandinavia to also include Finland
Calling half the continent Eastern Europe and not by their actual corresponding regions makes just as much sense than dividing Europe between the formerly Nazi Europe and non-Nazi Europe...
Complaining is my personal hobby though, I get something, then I want more.
Me= we
It was a foreign occupation
Don't worry - there are many unintelligent people on Reddit.
It's especially fun if you get to the store at 9:55 PM and there is a line
Also, we have a village called Litsmetsa which literally means "slut's forest".
Now, what would it make your ancestors
from denmark to finland
Core words are usually very similar, but words for the society and technology may be quite different.
I do hate your Governments
On many maps Southern Estonian is separated as well as in many ways it's a stronger difference than just your general dialects.
because of fucking shit urban planning
Not sure if sarcastic, but perhaps debates in general?
but owerblowing things out of proportions
unless going to sauna is already considered crazy abroad, then that
I think it depends more on the rain, wind and sunshine than actual temp
So Soviet times and post Soviet capitalism?
For some reason, it is still called "good ol' Swedish era". Oh, and sorry for burning down Sigtuna, unfortunately we cannot remember what exactly happened there anymore
I'm in Estonia, and these are pretty much standard windows here
Liberating Riga from the Germans and almost capturing Petrograd was pretty cool
By "lots of little cafes hidden away" do you mean in plain sight surrounded with other tourist stuff?
Im fine with estonia, its latin
Duterte and Drumpf are already pathetic jokes, and more gas on the fire isn't needed with the National Front sitting in the chair of your contry's executive branch.
The managers are all members of the same student organizations that are active in Estonia as well, most of them having chapters in Toronto
About the East vs West, a very traditionalist vs progressive standpoint.
We have the same saying, but the meaning is completely different
Majority of people outside the country that it's actually supposed to be applied to...
Welcome to the wonderful world of [genderless Finno-Ugric languages]#Finno-Ugric_languages)!
Seriously, this cannot be democratic, nor has it anything to do with equality.
20-30k yearly salaries are a norm even in Western Europe, in Eastern Europe it's often only 10k. 100k salaries are almost unachiavable for regular employee, not even for highly qualified IT specialists, you either have to move to leading position in a company, or start a business
Don't you mean, "we all are them unfortunately"?
It's rather the wide and vague concept of the "Baltic states" that is the problem.
I'd rather die in a ditch somewhere than in a hospital like this
[Konstantin Päts]äts) remains a controversial, yet generally respected figure.
Lack of religion, Internet friendliness and the local culture in general.
Sometime during WWI he was forced into the Red Army where he mainly built bridges and when he finally got back to his home village in what must've been 1947 or so most of it had all been destroyed so he went to live in Northwest Estonia
We, latvia and lithuania had our blues with communism and russians and so we detest communist symbols, but to associate the color red with communism is too far fetched, and again frankly dumb
so in my home shoving a bag of milk into a jar is not common.
I love that you're fighting for us and for a free internet
By that logic every heterosexual relationship shown on tv is pure propaganda.
1 - Dutch - ah, the strong /x/ sounds.
Yeah, we need to change the way presidents are elected.
I hope Iran won't retaliate on US soil, I have no interest in seeing article 5 being triggered
While that is true it doesn't really matter.
I have to agree that ryebread is a bit better when roasted as [black bread] tends to get a bit too crunchy and it can burn easily.
This is just diplomatic bickering and will cause more costs and time for ordinary travellers, who don't have anything to do with US politics
Finland is just like home but with an unintelligible language.
ugh
Thats what other Baltics fail to understand
its pretty well done lmao
You need some new great thinkers that can inspire people to develop a better system - I'd hope that they will start cropping up
He is wrong in general, but the massacre he means is this from 1989 where Soviet army killed 19 anti-Soviet protesters in Tbilisi:
No worries, that's a Pepsi max, so no sugar
And referring to Brussels is just a form of speech, same as Moscow to Russian government or Washington to US government
Only first time offenders are able to choose the time out
Turning junk into energy is still costly.
oh, we have the sugar one too
Literally the same in Estonia with Estonians and Russians
Also it's kinda surreal that countries like Finland have tried to win Eurovision for decades (53 times for Finns for example) and we just won on our 8 try and became the first country from the former eastern bloc to win
haven't seen anything really like that in my time in Sweden either, though I know the occasional police backup for other emergency cars is a thing over there.
Lots of sights to see, lots of wilderness to explore.
In Estonia we used to say 'hernesupp' which means 'pea soup' but now we've taken a more international approach and say 'cheese' more
Please educate yourself on these matters before making further comments!
Well at least they apologize for their [country's/ancestors'] crimes, unlike some.
I understand that it's a constituent country, but still.
Young people in the bigger cities speak English rather well, even the accent is rather mild.
France - Prantsusmaa (from German)
Yes, me neither, I just
We have this sometimes in the old towns because even after modern renovations, the narrow ways for the plumbing in medieval buildings means that toilet paper can often clog the toilets.
They had military grade radars that could disrupt the signal from Finland but it was never used.
This is sometimes really weird, as you can have one collaborative project where there are researchers in Estonia and in Finland and the Finnish colleagues get paid four times as much as Estonian researches, doing the same job.
A russian, a german and an estonian, with russians being the idiots.
However they do pop up like flowers in the spring.
We almost went to war with Latvia for that town in 1920, thankfully it never happened
One of the reasons why waiting periods for doctors are so long
People start smoking when they're like 15, as was the case for me and my uncle for example
Russian wikipedia is pretty extensive and very good for topics like science, geography, biology
Like when you first go to some specialist, you have to pay 5€ "visit fee", but I'm not sure if it is really connected to a lack of GP referral or is there in all cases
I grew up mainly at the countryside and therefore am used to using this a lot
The countries that are bigger than others have also longer history
Lol and people said that ISIS doesn't have a chance of destroying the west.
A little tip: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are in alphabetic order from top to bottom.
*Trolli* means "of a trolleybus" and *trollis* means "inside a trolleybus" in Estonian, so you cannot possibly be using the same words in Latvian.
And our genes resemble the original Europeans more than Germanic and other people not Mongolian which was also a theory before hitler did the race research thing
Exactly, he is pro-EU and besides probably would be more receptive to listening of the Estonian side
Hey, I'm from Estonia and here are top picks from me:
Technically you are irreligious.
One thing is, that it is easier if you either don't know them at all or know them very well - anything in between is risky
Its also kind of a memorial for the Singing Revolution of Estonia
Estonia is in lock down, how does he not care
Reporting fake deaths doesn't really help anyone, especially the "alternative news" sites themselves.
estonian too, but i would argue german isnt phonetic because they have some noun combinations that are pronounced differently
We were illegally occupied for a good part of the last century, just like Greece was illegally occupied for a few years.
(sorry if my post reads weird, I drank a little, and vodka and trying to post things just dont mix)
Estonia Nordic confirmed
Genocide is intentional action to destroy a people in whole or in a part.
Just to make a political statement or something?
What is some great music from your country that you'd like others to know about
So we get “Fucking bitch, don’t peek, it’s not worth it to pick a fight with me”
Ööklubi* - nightclub for non-weirdos
If you look closer, you see that its yours.
The map is relevant to Russian propaganda, that says NATO bases in new member states are a threat to them.
Even if they do manage to learn the grammar, u can still hear that something is off with their pronounciation
Tallinners also have a faster life and find less time to interact with each other.
>Because apparently it’s embarrassing for a certain side of an issue to succeed in what they’ve fought for for so long
Also, YES, do the trans-siberian
I've seen several articles, but these came right up on google atm [ and [
No, we just want people to spell the name of our capital city correctly
Yeah, I'm sure I'd opt for that instead of whatever is meant under "illiberal democracy"!
Like [here] a famous singer after the war
Of course the left-right divide exists to a degree, but for us the strong left is a pro-Russian party, which means that the "socially acceptable" choice is from center-left (Social Democrats) to right wing (Free Party), which also leaves out the right-wing populist Conservative People's Party.
People don't watch tv much anymore and commercial channels have lost huge amout of viewers while ETV has lost the least
But I think really special is the moment when you meet another Estonian in totally random place far away from home country
I remember we covered something about it in class but I didn't listen so I can't remember what it was we talked about there
Abbreviations like *lägaburks*, *lögaburks* and *rotiburks* are also common
Edit
The whole academic ranking game is heavily skewed towards English speakers.
Well, there aren't that many people who would travel to work this far daily
3 things:
Nazi Germany bad, soviet union bad, liberation of auswitch good
IMO the Finnish speakers in Kokkola don't have a particularly strong accent, though my older relatives have a habit of using random swedish words like "talrikki" and "hantuuki".
And by important I meant "important in defining a legislative body".
Its closely related to Estonian
Yeah, better make it 3% to be safe.
right wing party, considering that these kind of parties attract countless of racists
I think most people prefer British English spelling (because that's what we've been taught), but are more used to American English words (because that's what we mostly hear on TV).
we do have shit hot weather for a while usually, but it only lasts for perhaps a few weeks and tends to be over by July.
I almost punched a person once, who talked against euthanasia based on religious reasons.
In 2011, about 13,000 people under 30 spoke Võro, while about 2,000 spoke Seto, in their core regions it's about 60%-70% of the youth population.
There are other, much more important urgent issues to solve and it just seems bizarre to use so much of your energy on punishing the member, who left partly because of EU's incapability to solve urgent issues.
Not sure how true the claim is though
Now they have just greated more and more space for cars for years and wow guess what, the traffic is still shit
Is this just a post roasting Estonia
Wind turbines generate electricity when the wind is blowing and do not generate when it is not
It offers a very good collection of historical Estonian vernacular architecture.
It was often sang as a protest to soviet rule and it was considered to be made the official anthem in the 90s.
damn, how much were they speeding
If you live in Harjumaa you are basically thought of as having you're life centered around Tallinn
>I know that line cutting is going to happen
So, "that guy" is *probably* you instead
Hmm first that come into my mind are:
It was fun, but we had to be in teams and it could get kinda annoying sometimes, especially if you know a bit more about cooking than your teammates
It's not like a group of democratic countries can only have one possible threat to defend each other from.
Wow you really thing I'm serious?
The Soviets forcefully collected food from the villages that were unable to fulfill the grain quota (only 1500 villages of 25000 were able to fulfill that quota).
Just like the previous version, it is way too generous with the Estonian southern border.
Them 'Estonia
Either that or the school really is too hard.
And the Royal Navy besieged the coast.
Anna-Liisa), but nowadays the hyphen is more often omitted
If language is related, then the ethnic group is related.
Christianity was only a small part of it
Oh god, I can't do it for Tallinn
Thankfully we don't. We're the most atheist country in the world
I would mostly blame our stupid government on it, considering they should have seen it coming, but EU's "let's set an example for the rest of the world with how commited we are" while rest of the world is not following, is a real problem that can have real negative impacts on us
>EU is not a military union
Yeah, I get that, but there are people ready to defend that position, even though they really have never been to these parts of Europe.
Also, he wouldn't have sold Patriot missile defense system to Poland or started selling LNG to Europe
[Our police mostly just attacks kids for having a spliff
- 6 (C) - Süsinik
Water shouldn’t be expensive
Duchy of Estonia was used in [three different eras] from 1219-1917.
I'd wager Hiiumaa is pretty wealthy but with high income inequality.
I think maybe that's only because you have too many trains
It‘s the norm here too
I was just in Tallinn recently and was surprised how many signs/ads/etc there are in Finnish, especially near the port
I wouldn't be suprised if next time we find a map that uses data from 1913.
Stupid report and excellent for quote mining.
We did it Reddit
Reddit could be among the last of our favourites, but there are still more Estonians here per capita ;)
In 1939, there was an ultimatum from the USSR demanding Estonia let them establish military bases in Estonia, which the Estonian President accepted.
In Soviet times this effect was even stronger with Slavic immigration
A comparison would be "Nike/Adidas" and "Nice/Adibas", Germans by 1944 didn't really follow any assembly instructions when getting men to fight for them as new units were made
and in mustamäe i feel relatively safe walking on main roads as well, because i am familiar with them
That's everything from far right to liberalism.
I still remember the quote from Doctor Zhivago: "Even Comrade Lenin underestimated [...] our own cursed capacity for suffering."
General procedure for carrying weapons and ammunition (1) Weapons and ammunition may be carried together with a corresponding permit
"Sort of" a big thing actually.
Why do you spout such bull about Estonia being next and furthermore because of Bronze Soldier
Most of that time was wasted as you cannot learn to speak anything like that
You don't start to think of defense *after* you have been attacked, you goon!
Not for anymore, because communism
rape
yeah, we had it too
You can easily not notice that it was the Holloween today.
- Estonian Maritime Museum at the Seaplane Harbour (Tallinn)
The n word
Trump *needs* support from media to succeed.
Everything we do with the younger boys is centered around it being fun and  more playfull than just training, but for older boys the idea of military training is fun in it of itself (this is usually why boys want to join, they are drawn by the guns and "cool army stuff")
A lot of people eat while walking
OK, the sidewalk is narrow, but it's still a sidewalk.
Also towns that used to be our majority, but where now like 3% speak our language.
He'll be happy to know that he can help with it
South Estonian is so weird and I think I understand Finnish better than South Estonian
Estonian here, can confirm there’s loads of forests
>What the hell is a 401k?
Opt out services are better though since most dont know, or cant be bothered, especially the elderly, who I would guess, are more likely to pick up and give these people the time of day
It is female name
I don't personally work with nurses, so that part is foggier for me
A British comedy TV series "Yes, Minister" / "Yes, Prime Minister" assuming the quality of the humour remains it would be hilarious
We have a rather good education system and even though some secondary schools are considered better than others (to get you into a good Uni) , the main reason behind it is just that some schools can collect a higher proportion of highly motivated pupils, rather than these schools having tremendously better teachers
iirc All of thr Baltics have been called that.
Ww2 is the reason we dont like russia
No two madmen are exactly alike I guess.
I don't think the electoral college (indirect elections) are that much of a problem, it's the majoritarian voting system that is absurd.
This name historically also applied to Latvia.
Estonia can't sort out it's issues with statelessness for decades now...
The whole hype about the news seems overblown, unless there is solid evidence that enough MPs will actually rebel against the referendum and face whatever consequences that will entail.
The whole conversation in this subthread started with you equating moving couple of batallions (militarily insignificant) to placing nukes 90 miles from Florida (super hyper significant considering the technology level at that time).
that too, definitely - in name and in the authoritarian government.
I think it's partially due to some aspects of architecture that are not so common in the north (though ofc not limited to Hungary in southern parts of Europe) and partially due to the vastness of the landscapes (plains, wine yards, etc)
Raising petrol prices or instituting a car tax will raise your expenses
Probably this is counted not by nationality, but by university affiliation - i.e.
German humor is no laughing matter
Well I doubt it's the diplomats, who take turns to take the night shifts at the security gate...
felt kinda bad for them tbh
South-eastern Estonia is like another country
Nice shitpost
It's pretty much the only way people are able to socialize
For example, I live right next to the capital but there is no ISP who is willing to build a cable to my neighbourhood.
Yeah, it is inhabited and a very cool place with it's own unique culture
palk = salary
Even if you are from well off family, they are not going to buy a phone that costs 2-3x times more
That is a subculture, I don't understand why you are fighting this so much.
[\[36]
Also wages are lower so that also isn't a reason
And later, during the Cold War sent Soviet refugees back to USSR just for them to be sent straight to Gulag to be torture and killed
Yeah, Estonians usually don't care for marriage anyway.
Yes, it is not true, but finding an English-speaking person when you need one is not that simple of a task.
same here, except when it's a toddler party or something, when you kind of need a parent for each kid because otherwise it would be very chaotic
Austria-Ungari keisririik
Yeah, only extermination of bourgeoisie, wealthy peasants and "enemies of the state". Guess it's okay if you're deported or killed based on your class instead of your race
Yeah, "we want to preserve that architecture, while ourselves wanting to keep living far away from that architecture".
Are you also against the police expanding the area under their protection to the doorstep of a criminal association?
Wonder how many Estonians my age (17) know this
Blizzard,but fun: -30- -20
I have also studied Russian, but as with most Estonian kids, we try to learn as little as possible and forget quickly.
tfw you find out your country is less open-minded than Poland
The Estonian Song and Dance Festival is by far the most important here.
China is not the one protesting these things in Europe
I'm pretty confident I could hum the Finnish anthem
Im telling you this as an Estonian living in Estonia, who has had to research into politics and be updated on recent developents
Pihkva, yes
[Here's] his first dinner with us.
yes
Isn't it the same in Finland
And is obsessed with her brother Finland, with whom they go to sauna with every week
I know he can be pretty obnoxious at times with his "We are totally Nordic and not Baltic" rants, but he mostly seems like a decent and fairly intelligent guy (although you can't fully judge someone only by their Reddit post history).
I think any cannon that fires in a straight horizontal line can be rendered useless by a star fort.
Needless to say that singing it was a one way ticket to Siberia up until the late Soviet period.
Not sure why US is ranked this high really.
Also, the Baltic states is not a country, I hope you know that
It cannot propose and pass new legislation on its own.
I'm not saying the ones that came later are any less European
From Kekkonen supposedly convincing Soviet Union to preserve the Tallinn Old Town, to collaborating under the disguise of folklore cultural organisations, to donating police gear in use in the initial years after the restoration of independence (the whole police
I'm ultimately pro-renewable, but having such emotional viewpoints a'la "shut down all polluters
Hungarians are just such perfectionists that they don't consider their language skill high enough to report it as skills.
If the context is economical/historical then I'd understand, but this is a cultural topic.
There was a parallel system of a bit better quality medicine for the nomenklatura (party bosses).
There's really no snow here either.
Scones themselves looked like a mix of a muffin and some other pastry for which there really isn't a suitable name in English
Sadly for a lot of people it is somehow not PC to include people born "here" as immigrants, as if minority social groups with their distinct culture and upbringing weren't a thing.
Please do, if you can
Viruses tend to evolve to milder and less lethal forms, its basic evolution (no point killing the host) and you can't be infected with both at the same time
That's common in most of Europe.
Lasteaed- child fence (kindergarden)
the goal was to make us feel bad about throwing food away
You don't know what you're talking about, apparently.
Edit:Found one more
I mean, yes they had a leadership change, but they still include old-school corrupt populist pro-Russian leaders like Edgar Savisaar and hardcore pro-Russians like Yana Toom, plus they still get most of their vote from Russians and they have an active cooperation treaty with Putin's United Russia Party.
You are one of these barbarians who makes potato salad with vinegar aren't you
Well actually 3 tries in the parliament and 2 in the electoral assembly.
Can you link me some examples
Of course there isn't, but I'm talking about conventional groupings.
Al dente is the best
That was a strange claim to hear...
Well, in Estonia it started snowing again...
Still again Luka has pinky promised some mild changes as it think it was a public vote and some other possible law changes while with the other hand he is trying to surpress freedom of movement/speech so it's yet to be seen what the end result is or if the opposition gets a bigger voice inside Belarus
Estonians trying to fight German occupation, you serious ?
That's not what you said, but I agree.
Why'd you leave out the bits that actually belonged to Denmark once?
Is population really something you would say our country "sucks in" :D
Motherfucker listen real close for a moment...
ITT: how dare black people get offended by our culture ;_;
Have an upvote
[Candies] that were way too sour to enjoy them
BuT wE aReNt EaStErN EurOpE bEaCauSe We'rE nOrdIC
So if you have a private house it's your own flag and when you live in an apartment it's the obligation of the housing association
The other point would've been around 1928, the first republic era before The Great Depression came round
Most likely he thought Finland already is part of Scandinavia.
Everything depends on how much you spend on food, fun and heating etc, but it's an estimate
Probably not, they are rather related to important political changes in our history:
We can help them without taking in refugees.
Well
The Russian names especially had easier slang names during the Soviet times.
For a union that likes to pride itself on economic integration and environmental awareness, we've somehow just forgotten to make the best of such simple everyday problem
Had those rarely in school lunches, always skipped them cause I hated it lol
Yeah, I do believe I can find something interesting in every country
Tells you a lot about their "friendly" and "mutual respect" based foreign policy
Independance is only a legal right in case of colonisation or oppression according to some treaty I once had to study, the legal right of a people in a normal state is just autonomy.
Seems like Portugal has chosen a rather wide definition and Latvia a rather narrow one.
That's some good humour
And yet the Swedish police claims that they cannot handle Malmö
That is most likely because [North Estonians speak Finnish better] due to the importance of Finnish television during the Soviet occupation
Everyone is scared of a tsunami in eu that's why we don't fully go on nuclear power
And afterwards learning Finnish still was/is worthwhile for people in Tallinn, especially those working in the service industry, due to the amount of Finnish tourists
County borders have been (and will be) changed so much and they don't carry much power anyway, plus even the institution of county governors will be abolished soon, so they are absolutely not important.
There will be no federal europe while people who have lived during a foreign occupation are still alive.
It's a diminishing market in the face of aggressively cheapening alternatives
5 years isn't tremendous, but it's still something.
A black girl winning the title of Miss Helsinki is the same as a man winning this title.
That doesn't make any sense
] I can understand only one or a few words from each sentence
I don't even remember how I stopped using it, I just did somehow and haven't even thought about that concept in at least five years.
It's her job to represent the Polish culture, not Jewish.
house
Interestingly even Estonian, which isn't even an indo-european language, kinda has this same similarity
I believe living in Estonian majority bigger towns (Tallinn, Tartu, Pärnu and perhaps some more), it's perfectly possible.
Sort of speaks for itself when Putin and Le Pen support Trump, doesn't it?
Scandinavians and Baltic people are also groups of ethnicities.
More accidents, yet by far fewer heavy accidents.
Shut the fuck up with your dumb shit.
[Source]
Is it thinkable that Russia will invade eastern europe now when [Russia wants to restore relations with the US]
Never been to Paris, never cared much for the Notre Dame (not meant in a bad way, just little to no dealings with it)
I myself am Estonian and thinking of contacting my MEPs but unsure of what to write for them and what to do to make them take us seriously
I do like Morocco tiles and ceramics and their cute Darija language
In estonian it's nojaa
But I'd think that they have more than Paris - Normandy and Brittany, the wineyards, Bordeaux, Marseille, maybe some Arabic influence in places etc
Yes
When did we use to be Nazis again?
Same as being heavily tanned increasing chances lf skin cancer
If talking about societal matters or cultures, then Estonian culture is the culture of ethnic Estonians.
We are used to this stuff happening, it's such an everyday news here.
99% Invisible has a terrific episode on H-Day
Communism *is* inherently totalitarian and inhumane
Estonian, German, English, Finnish, Swedish, Latvian, Spanish, and French
[Arvo Pärt - "Aliinale" (1976)]
I've answered honestly several times.
Just like with any Kievan Rus' map - an exaggerated control over Estonia...
With the level of technology they could set up a nuclear weapon programme within one or two years.
Edit: Estonia would be the IT girl who has had many violent relationships with  Germany and Russia
It hosts the parliament and government of Estonia and the main cathedrals of the Estonian Lutheran Church and the Estonian Orthodox Church of Moscow Patriarchate.
Otherwise it's normal I guess
It does seem to have sort of a very "round" pronunciation, which I think is an odd quality when it comes to languages
It's no big deal, no one thinks that Putin is somehow lesser man because of this.
Free healthcare
In reality, Russia's approval ratings in Europe are abysmally low, with only a few exceptions (Greece, Bulgaria)
There were Greek colonies in Crimea (also these parts belonged to Roman Empire), but the maps do not show it.
We do however pay 300+ euros for a two room apartment plus utilities(which can be over 150 during winter months) in Tartu
One is a more urban and the other is a more rural place
Ok, maybe this is not terribly important tidbit about him, but bear in mind that this was jokingly posted as an answer to an Estonian how is not pleased with the election results
What about having the course in your native language, but allowing foreign lecturers teach in English?
- Usually in these parts of the woods Slavs
It's shit no matter what time of year it is
And next to that: find a way to visit a private sauna preferrably in the countryside.
The same root was most likely used for Estonia as *Aestland* and only later did it gradually turn into *Ostland* and *Estland*.
Easy to support Putin when you're not living in the same country with him.
Oh yeah, and forests
It's only missing a pair of happy little trees on the foreground
Idiots ididocracy is limitless
Yes, I read from the article you linked that international conventions are being violated.
France should welcome refugees in need of “protection”, but “other” asylum seekers should be returned to their home country immediately, he says."
*Slightly angry Estonian noises*
Do you plan to take a plane or cross the border on land/sea
Do you know if this has happened in some municipalities?
There are a few problems with Russia.
For females Maire, Salme, Hilda, Alma, Elvine
Bolder in every sense
It's cheaper, it's comfortable, it's better for the environment, it's better for storage etc.
Train trips in Russia are awesome
>It's a joke, chill out man
But how did you not know it was Estonian if some of the main characters are Estonians?
But the home economics type of class is desperately needed for the new generation specially, imo
You clearly don't know how international law works.
We praise the European Union but not being european
Yksinkertainen equivalent would be ainukordne, which has a bit different meaning in Estonian.
We should put an upload schedule in place in r/Eesti, with a calendar in the sidebar, users can book days on that calendar.
Sweden: thanks for the university and everything
Ain't no conscript doing anything practical!
Estonians really keep to themselves, you can say hi and bye to the bus driver but just passing someone, no
I wouldn't say huge, but there's definitely visible improvement - in particular, our highways have massively been improved thanks to grant money, and there's several other visible EU projects around.
We call our country "Eesti" and the people "eestlane". The old term for people was "maarahvas", that means "people of the land".
It takes up way less time than weighing.
And Denmark calls itself nordic.
28 degrees in Rovaniemi, something is very wrong with this weather
Despite being the best, we also had a massive head start and we should be much farther along than 20%
*Jüriöö ülestõus* and *jäääär* are perfectly normal ways of speaking.
We have one that I particularly enjoy
Finns and Lithuanians share particular genetic haplotypes which aren't shared with Estonians or Latvians...
/r/Europe is the best sub on reddit
Wasnt most of Eastern Europe raped by Russia in the past century?
One of the founders was from sweden, but the technology is from Estonia, and their main office is here in Tallinn, next to my office
19 in the afternoon
Yeah, he was good in his own way, but utterly overhyped, especially when he died and since that.
At the same time, I loved Portugal
But I'd think that they have more than Paris - Normandy and Brittany, the wineyards, Bordeaux, Marseille, maybe some Arabic influence in places etc
They should be kicked out of Nato, any cooperation with EU, be heavily sanctioned and not allowed to start a process of rejoining until they kick Erdogan and his cronies out of the offices and get back on secular, democratic path
Toronto hosted for a long time (say 1960-2000) the biggest Estonian community abroad
>It has started to change a little
No one cares about Polish troops taking a memento picture with Polish flag in Narva.
There are lots of good theological arguments for permitting gay marriage.
She basically represents the last twitches of the dead empire
We get the occasional wedding convoy but that's about it
>real forest
hyvää syntymäpäivää!
Ok german
Russia - Venemaa (from old-germanic: wened)
i was taught that at school too
"Pulm" means "wedding" in Estonian, but "pulma" in Finnish means "problems".
That's our line
It's not like you can't go out anymore after joining a student organization...
Just a nitpick - lowest average net wage in EU is 500eur in Bulgaria, highest is 3500 in Luxembourg
And then there are of course the coarser expressions like keppima (sticking), panema (putting) etc
Tip of the day: don't force people to learn gibberish languages like russian
Tell me again how the Russian people are indigenous to Crimea...
Most people who have a permit to carry a gun at work, do not have the right to carry a gun off work, for example
Getting wasted on these ferries has become part of the culture of both countries
The few dialectical areas that remain have rather distinct dialects usually too difficult to understand for Standard Estonian speakers, but they then switch to Standard Estonian as they all speak it as well, except for perhaps some very old people deep in the countryside
Belgrade because of the song "Balkan, Balkan, Balkan, ovo je Balkan, come on"
But for identifying you in post office, bank, police station - basically anything governmental or financial - it's a must have to identify you
How many posts of Vladivostok and French South America do you see here?
Thanks mate
We got rocketry and medicine off the ground, no need for WW3 guys
For younger people, the **names** of all the states will be familiar
That's an interesting topic actually as I've seen historians rather disagreeing with that.
They make a lot of problems, I suggest you google it, I've been banned for less..
Estonian here
One of the main purposes for the EU was to avoid conflicts between France and Germany, the two ancient enemies.
depends on the household
Now if fixed radars detect you doing +3kmh and moving radars (on police cars) detect you doing +7 they don't register it as violation
Be ready because we will implement a harsh
That's rather a dialect of the same language, not an accent...
A link for those who also were curious:
It's safe to drink and there's nothing wrong with it, but some people buy water from the store because they say that it tastes better but there honestly isn't a difference
Perhaps some of Vanilla Ninja like "[Cool Vibes]" or "[Tough Enough]" perhaps.
It's an unrealistic business plan anyway - to serve all households in one night.
But when the slavea rose up they burned the mansions down
In reality it was Georgia responding to shelling and killing 53.
It was more like cheap manual labor than education.
Beautiful
It's not hijacked, it's misused and frequently it is done on purpose for whatever reason.
Latvia has 12,600 active service.
It's written in Old East Slavic(which would later evolve into Old Ruthenian/Ukrainian/Belarusian which itself would evolve into modern Ukrainian) so it's a millennia old and includes so many of archaic words or words that changed their meaning but the overall structure and the spelling mostly remain the same(except for the few Cyrillic letters that are no longer in use)
Yeah I've never seen a transparent milk bag.
Plus, the only reason they could form the new coalition is because of the suicidal support decision by the conservative Pro Patria and Res Publica Union.
This reminds me
Gothic also had the **-s** nominative.
Oh, and Estonia does have conscription.
By that time oil boom was already in full steam and Russia had been receiving large oil revenues for years (of course Russia constantly had oil revenues, but they were smaller before the boom).
I get that Belgium has it divided for regions, but they are still all official statewide.
Georgian parents switching to Georgian from Russian
I moved about 180 km to the second biggest town in Estonia.
The third one should be either Finnish or English because of the increasing number of expats here
Despite multiple wars waged on my country territory with lots of damage, we still have a loot of medieval Gothic architecture
Alteast so I've heard from the Estonian mafia
I'd say about 40% is naturally understandable in simple conversations - that's enough to get most of the context.
Salme is for older peaople but was not wery common even back then
It's the circle of (troll)life..
It was pure torture to wake up so early (both for me&siblings and our parents)
Well there's the city of Valga
What made me surprised is that there were statues for him up to this day
>After 1945 you couldn’t find a single SS who was their member “in the regular sense”.
Yes, dictatorships like Russia and China having veto powers in world affairs, the question is rather why are you not mad about this??
[Same here] but it's a dire minority of people, just as in Lithuania.
Then came the Nazi occupation, they oppressed the people who previously collaborated with the Soviets
We are friendly neighbours who also share some common interests (defense topics mostly) and have had similar challenges in the past
For nothing you used to get 5
Austria-Ungari Impeerium
As an Estonian, I believe taking a picture like this is completely unnecessary and will be considered as a form of provocation.
the Turkish Federation of Belgium
No one really
There's nothing natural about winter time, especially for everybody who isn't a morning person
also the song jake and mlep(clay)nos from brooklyn 99 sang, has estonian lyrics although mlepnos is from some random made up country lol
It's a curiously colourful sub, we have all kinds of weirdos.
The word knight comes to mind as a good example of a word that was pronounced very differently
I've spent 40 years consulting the US presidents and you're wrong.
Heck yeah videogames and booze
Germans were the upper classes for 700 years and as a result our values and dispositions are rather similar.
Wasn't much different from a religion...
We are friendly neighbours who also share some common interests (defense topics mostly) and have had similar challenges in the past
>  not the ugliest language around
I don't think many people are surprised that Russian state controlled TV is full of lunatics
We are worried, not scared, there is a big difference.
> 620,000
Same for me, feels very safe at night
Usually everyone gets as much as the law states.
Horvaatia in Estonian
I don’t think we have invented anything on our own, but we eat pelmenis and tortellinis and the like
He was after people betraying their country in service of totalitarian enemy state.
I see Finns go to Pärnu tho for cheap Spa's and stuff
They are also the symbols of the country.
There are actually plenty troublesome rules, maybe my estonian is just very shit but I often find that it's too hard as a language
It's not normal that in the city center the walkpath just stops and you have to continue your walk through a parking lot
Too extroverted for me, I guess
Saaremaa 100%, people there have always had a problem with authority and by that I mean they had a tendency to rebel and kill all occupiers
tfw you find out your country is less open-minded than Poland
I think I took it from r/Etymologymaps.
the longest
Do you know Seppo Zetterberg, the relatively famous Finnish historian?
Tammsaare's "[Truth and Justice]" (*Tõde ja õigus*) is a collection of five books, of which I liked the 4th and the most classical 1st book the most.
I've heard that in most countries people don't wear a [reflector] on their outdoor clothes for half a year like [that] No idea if it's true, though
At the same time there are many straightforward [legal problems]#Legal_aspects) with the joining of Russia itself, even if it were in every other respect all right.
I busses you can just pay the driver, you will recieve no ticket though
Depends on the degree of autonomy that this federation would provide for my country.
We actually do have a word for "siblings" which is "õved", but it's only used in technical jargon and never in real life.
They also speak a bit differently, they use an archaic form of the Russian Pskov dialect, but their younger generations have mostly lost these linguistic differences due to interacting with later Russian immigrants in the bigger towns.
100-year-old wooden apartment building ([example]
Lydia Koidula
* Next fell because PM has shade real estate deals
I see what you did there
(Seriously) Is northeastern Estonia significantly more dangerous than other parts of the country?
Russia has 100 times more troops near the border.
George's Ribbon in particular) that were coopted/marginalized in use by Russian far-right nationalists and different collaborationist terrorists since the start of the war, alongside it's usage to glorify war
latvia and lithuania are basically the same
Unfortunately for them the American press is quite strong, has constitutional protection and is not easily subdued, and the President's powers are limited in going at them from the financial angle.
If your service mate starts shooting his own people, then he's no longer your service mate...
Don't get me wrong, the university was nice, but pretty much out of reach for peasants at the time
Erm, obviously the same as in Finland
Maybe it helps you to put figures next to the "truths" you have heard from Russian propaganda.
The worst of all is that they don't get it themselves.
May god bless your great nations struggle for freedom
It's colder than this picture
Russians approve invading other countries and lying about it because they believe this is necessary for making their empire larger and they feel they are entitled to grow the empire at the expense of others.
Rather it is charlatans and con-men who try to find funding by any means and write incoherent mumbo jumbo mixed with patriotic slogans.
We don't usually care enough to say or even think that "hah, we beat you!" or something like that.
Ivory Coast - Elevandiluurannik (well
It's just quite different from the rest of Estonia (and has way too many cars)
Fine, the Kingdom of Denmark, i.e.
And many green parties also fall into that category
3 TWh, 17
Enough to know she was hospitalized early each time, which one was born early and which one late etc
Dual citizenship is not allowed, but if you have birthright Estonian citizenship, then the state cannot take away your Estonian citizenship simply because you have another citizenship as well
This is true for international rankings etc., but have you ever encountered that in sports (which is usually the case for other friendly rivals)?
true
Atleast you guys have close to none mosqutios in Souther Finland in summers, atleast near Helsinki while I have been there, however in Estonia they are freaking everywhere
Tere, minu nimi on John, see on meeldivus kohtuda sinuga
We have arrived to an era where politicans use shameless ways to get votes.
- 26 (Fe) - Raud
too easy to move large amonuts of cash.
Unless we and Finland get wasted together
I mean, there have been many threads about how it was actually like behind Iron Curtain, but at least I, having grown up in Soviet Estonia, have no idea how it was percieved then in the West.
Yeah I also like the Faroese culture - the islands and the population seem very appealing.
But it was -10°С at most and they didn't need it.
Considering there's always the talk of "single market" in the EU, it's quite ridiculous this wasn't thought through
That description particularly of a single soldier on the Eastern Front is so visceral
Specific words/phrases/body language we can avoid so as to not offend people
Sober people also sing at day time when dance and song celebration takes place
Swedish - aprikos
You may take this subject but dont have to
my dad taught me the palm slap game but i never really saw anyone my age play it
I chose german and did pretty well thanks to my teacher, but if you don't use these languages regularly you will forget them very easily.
As for the actual collaborators, plenty has been written about them by local historians
Although in that case we would usually fly to Helsinki
So the life will return to normal course in less than a day
The "Estonian Banksy" - Edward von Lõngus ("von Slouch"), has some really good ones in Tartu:
It's just not the same as in the US, it doesn't follow the same traditions and heritage.
Made it seem much worse than Al Quiet on the Eastern Front did at least
Oh we have similar word with same meaning - “spikker”
I had to leave a bit early because I had other plans and it took me at least 15 minutes to find an exit
1918-1920
I think I am rather knowledgeable about a lot of things.
I am an anti-theist, what is so toxic about me?
Whether it is a moral thing to do is questionable.
Go to Tartu instead of Tallinn though
Probably [Tangerines] or [The Fencer]
for clarity it's recommended to hyphenate words that dont follow this rule, but as far as i know, you dont have to and most people dont bc these words are fun
That's actually first truly unique thing I saw in this topic
Mine persse - go into ass (fuck off)
well, but the whole idea of a sauna is to be hot, I don't think it would feel comfortable to drink an ice cold beer in the sauna
Our prime minister Jüri "The apologizer" Ratas, we have a far-right populist party in our goverment along with a center/bit leftist party where Ratas belongs to
A simple explanation with the comparison to Estonia:
You all were alright
Debated many Russians with this view who even admit Manilas false flag
I don't think there are many countries in the world that just give out citizenships without exams.
Showing religious ceremonies is fine if it's for regional minorities like the Seto people or the Russian Old Believers.
Same goes with Latvia I presume, but you do have the [statistical regions]
In English the word *babushka* actually refers to the head scarves older women wear, while in many Slavic languages it just means *grandma*.
-20 happened almost every winter but the last 4-5 winters have been really mild.
All the best to Latvia
Especially considering they all had a house, a job and food, while a lot here can't say the same now.
Do "real" Estonians come to being differently?
Not neo-Nazis per se, but several white supremacists and Nazi sympathizers indeed.
Your credibility is damaged by your incapability to analyze the text and seperate the important from unimportant.
Казнить нельзя, помиловать! - must not execute, have mercy
Why suck up to a hostile imperialist dictator?
I think he's talking about Farage in general
The only two times I heard about that were in Reddit, so I believe it is not a very big of a deal for local people
Non-muslim IMMIGRANT dominated neighborhoods?
The latter have their pesky little society with weird names for all different local groups.
Yea, regardless, it was his crime and that's that!
Yeah the "palk" thing, didnt think of that
You’ll see Estonian flags on many porches all around the year, in front of *all* houses on official holidays and of course in clothing and as various kinds of decoration, such as Christmas trees, mugs, pennants and many more
[This] is a street I take rather often with the beautiful old town defensive wall towers, plus I walk by [this] monster of a defense tower every other day.
Eastern European countries as members of the EU have been relatively stable and much of he polarization within the EU is not between the east and the west, but between the north and the south.
4 now
Finland: Santa Claus lives on the North pole
Why does Putin always sit like a 7 month old who has just shat himself
Most of studying consists of making and watching presentations IMO so having projectors and computers is essential.
At least not lame enough to invade and betray a brother country in order to remain revelant in global politics..
Normal people call it "õlts". /s
This won't help against regular customers (i.e cunts), but it's a great deterrant against people who "experimented" that day
No, but my country has an exception as per 99/48/EC Art.
I am not sure if EU does require that, but from my knowledge all (or almost all) EU countries will provide you government benefits (such as pension and unemployment payment) as long as you work there officially and pay taxes
Yeah, there is 1 stateless person in Russia.
In reality the control was weak and the bureaucracy was undeveloped.
Well, he was really pissed off about it and all the media attention so in that case the fine had a good effect
Why vote for Fillon then, and not Juppe?
Happy indepedence day from Estonia, thanks for selling our booze for half the price
I didn't get that bad joke, sorry
Sorry, which "former state" are you talking about?
No thanks, we are already melting with 25C
I might have remembered that wrong then I guess
Except those are not the only conditions of GDPR
No, I mean that pronunciation is alien
I've loved it every time I visit
I'm kidding, I hope your empire switches to solar and wind and nuclear and geothermal, sooner rather than later
Trying to make Finland seem less Nordic than it is really doesn't make Estonia seem more Nordic.
Ain't it cool when your home borough is used as a synonym for the middle of nowhere!
We really don't have easy to use sustainable energy resources unlike our neighbors.
Depends on your definition of "normal relations" I guess.
The 5% threshold does not justify its purpose.
My mom has spoken a bit about her births - but not to too many details
Congest the roads leading out of the city.
Besides Tallinn and Tartu in Estonia, the Western Estonian tourist resorts of Pärnu, Haapsalu and Kuressaare are all beautiful small towns with charming old towns.
It can happen when new taxes are introduced or also when the effective rate actually aren't flat fixed.
Yes, and another 5% are Russophone.
Tl;dr : I don't feel like I'm an estonian, yet I don't feel european enough to live anywhere else
There is no outright hostility between people
This isn't a one time occurrence, I've heard that several times.
Among other things it's the only country that speaks a language similar enough to Estonian that we can at least partially understand it.
In estonia its low and getting lower, personally
What do you mean by "russian schools".
In the countryside I'd say it's even the norm to have your own driven well (if you visit often enough), and even in towns they're occasionally used in neighborhoods where city-wide systems don't necessarily reach or don't have enough pressure.
u have to get the car running and crank the heat up for a little so the locks warm up and hopefully start working again
Well the territories that Russia stole are indeed somewhat an issue.
Jaan Poska
Something like full scale ET invasion.
Many of the Estonian Song Festival songs have translations in the comments actually.
That you pay a small sum on every bottle bought and you need to return them to a recycling machine to get the money back
People just work around both of these by staying at cheaper places and eating store-bought food or food that they brought with them from home, depending on how much they can afford
Still you can't say that most of them are supporting.
"American wines are better" is irritating for the whole Europe
Hot +25
two potato
>stock market crashes
I haven't seen Estonian really anywhere but i once saw a car with Estonian license plate in a small village in France
They do not have any genders
Same for childbirth (not sure about abortions though)
sucks being anyone below Germany and France on that list
Well considering we have like 50 of them and I wouldn't imagine a lazy person who is not willing to integrate wanting to settle in a country with almost no free welfare nor without an actual Muslim community (which is mostly Tatars, so barely religious), then no, *we* haven't had any problems with them.
Living at 59°56’N. It’s not that bad here
Those smart whiteboards are quite a waste of money ATM, older teachers don't really know how to use them although new younger teachers know how to but they still prefer to use them as "dumb" whiteboards mostly.
So maybe that's why it seems less prevalent
I don't agree, but it's reasonable to view tagging as a kind of art form, or just to like the aesthetic of it.
That's the most Russian government thing to say
Do your research, we have huge "mountains" compared to them =)
In 2014 about 3% of Austrian exports went to Russia.
I'm not sad because that's not a real problem.
30 to go to bed, and I am definitely not having full dinner just an hour before going to bed
Estonia - It used to be more common, at least among young people, perhaps ten years ago.
We had rented a lodging and were eating breakfast in the kitchen, all hung over
English has a very nonstandard spelling, while Estonian spelling is more or less uniform and follows pronunciation very closely
But clothers with logos are still commonly worn, especially Nike and Puma shirts and hoodies, also tiny logos on coats and jackets
Actually, I don't think so
He is a well known Russian troll.
Most of Netflix
Ww2 is the reason we dont like russia
But compared to the rest of the world and especially Europe, the Finnish and Estonian systems are the best.
We don’t have much written history from that era, besides a few mentions here and there in foreign chronicles in addition to archaeological findings
It has nothing to do with islam, but it is a systematic oppression of women.
I managed to avoid learning any Russian in school (grades 6-8 I think), despite being from Lasnamäe.
From your source our one is Liis Lass :D
No, we would be surprised by a Russian invasion...
That is what I believe this project will do if successful.
The Storegga Slide was something I didn't know about before.
There's no actual infrastructure though, you just drive straight through
And are the default pancakes [small (one-spoonful) pancakes] or [big (over-the-pan) pancakes] I think the majority is used to big pancakes
Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité
I guess that you can add Estonian to the list of second languages
The trick is to make friends on the road.
The best example would be the actions of Christopher Columbus, who did something extraordinary, traveled to the West, discovered a new continent and changed the world forever, yet there are SJWs out there, who try to portray him as some kind of monster because he acted the way everyone acted in the 15th century..
Good ones are fried in oil and garlic and are soft and eaten warm.
Although to be honest, does any regular person really dislike a particular language or a particular country's literature or music?
Plus usually its very cloudy, so even less light
But how do you even know where it originated?
What most would like to see, however, is that when they are rescued, they should be taken back to the shore from where they left.
Two drunk guys yelled "Kim Jong" to an Asian kid.
Excellent location for cultural exchange
Thank you to everyone wishing us good!
Jesus Christ thought it was some sensationalism but the place is fucking gone, what the absolute fuck
Isn't that the case everywhere
In winters with more snow, the regular parking spots are often filled with excess snow piles and they aren't always removed in time
I once tried Hesburger and almost puked, don't recommend lol
When I was around twelve me and my mom were walking around in Tenerife and there was a guy who started loudly singing" KIIIMI Räikkönen, Kimi RÄIKKÖNEN" TO ME
Found some statistics from October:
>5 floors no elevator building
Oxygen - Kysen' (Sour-thing)
It has lagged behind Lasnamäe actually - at least Lasnamäe is being improved, but Väike-Õismäe is already too dense
Why do you think left-wing populism is any better??
As is Nice/Nizza
You are failing to realize it is.
That's all
It's what kept our mentality Western throughout the Soviet occupation.
maybe things have changed
Currently at -14 C; 8,6 m/s; amounting to -28 C equivalent with calculated wind chill
This dog is known to jump towards all strangers and then lick them as much as he can.
Actually it's more and more popular here wanting into Balkan, especially in the winter
So he is a lunatic on another edge of the political spectrum.
I bet you used the money on mandatory Russian language classes...
Latvia is first not because we specifically learn about Latvia, but much of our history also applies to Latvia
If Estonia were to hypothetically occupy these regions, then we would have as much claim or even more than Russia has to Crimea.
In fact, I would say that way more pressure and emphasis is put on your career achievements, rather than creating a family
"I drew a wizard"
* [Flag of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic
A hunter set up a trap to catch an animal and set up a camera
Everyone loves to sit on the beautiful beaches of Pärnu and spend a few summer-days there though
Being quite open about nudity
Infringement on my personal liberties as an adult, perhaps
Americans on the other hand are not an ethnicity, they are a nationality - in Europe these are mostly interchangeable as most European states are based on a single ethnicity where other ethnic groups are in a minority
Enamasti kui see oli kasutusel oli see naise nimi
Whom nobody in the office knows and whose computer is 15 years old but somehow works okay
Who
Petersburg" and didn't think it was worth risking nuclear war over us.
And if you're from Narva, you ain't even in the same country
I'm surprised someone asks this every time
> My native language is English and I FUCKING HATE that we expect everyone to speak English
Holy hell, wtf did I learn today...
Lol sa pole kuulnud sest kasutati, saksa ajal
but decades of Soviet rule left their mark.
There were Russian forces [outside the military bases] in Crimea when "Crimea declared independence".
A [similar survey in Estonia] reported the share being at 71% of ethnic Estonians and 45% of ethnic Russians.
“Master and Margarita” by Bulgakov
Funny thing to most people is that sauna keeps going no matter the heat
I'd say anything above 20 is way too hot
I've heard Russian tourists often have the mentality that "we have paid for the accommodation, now we can do everything."
*RAT
The 15 counties are rather arbitrary, main different regions are:
A Finnic subgroup - there's a difference.
Sadly way too often
But these are correct speech, unlike with foreign accents, which are incorrect speech.
Previously we had been ruled by various foreign powers since the 13th century; it is not known how exactly Estonians were organised before that as written records are sparse, but it was probably more like a number of loosely connected tribes than any sort of unified state
It can be Southern Europe as well, but very few think of Serbia as Southern Europe as it shares a lot more culture with Eastern Europe, unlike Estonia, if compared to Northern Europe.
It's more of the usual class warfare of more-or-less 1 guy vs the now growing opposition it has
Please do, if you can
To put it bluntly, there's no balance of power, as even after 30 years of independence and continuous decrease of president powers we still basically have a situation where the president is de facto the head of the ruling parliament party, while the prime minister and their cabinet openly admit that they are part of president's team even though technically the law isn't supposed to allow for that
We still have *some* dialects, like the Hiiu and Seto dialects, but mostly just one unified language
We can create words that just go on forever
Oh we don't do any farming
There is a transitional council formed by the opposition which had a meeting today
The rest just send their kids to Harjumaa.
I thought both ways of saying Czechia was allowed?
Does it still get to be a permanent member?
Even though when it's rebuilt it is not the "same" as a real thing, it's still better than a few ruins.
They both have been in Poland for a very long time.
Not only - it is also internationally very stupid for anyone to support hurting diplomats - that's how you get your country excluded from most international cooperation happening on the ground.
We toast the bread and rub the garlic on it.
Edit: formatting
They recently made a film adaption of it, which is actually quite good
With extreme cold, cars do indeed start to fail, especially those produced for warmer markets
Very few foreigners pronounce Tallinn like locals do.
Colder than before, but not quite as cold in Tallinn, -12 C.
Ridiculously expensive, but it's here.
"lack of genders" in Finno-Ugric languages.
In fact backlash was enough that for a long long time I wasn't sure if it passed or not
With the reverse meaning
Just a nitpick - lowest average net wage in EU is 500eur in Bulgaria, highest is 3500 in Luxembourg
Usually the longer you have forcefully been under a non-capitalist system, the more capitalist you are.
Except there are an abundance of maps that make this exact mistake.
That [50k eur a year] is really well spent
I think it's impossible to tell because so many of your islands are close to the coast and accessible via bridges or tunnels, so you drive by them on many major roads.
Latvians wear socks with sandals to hide their sixth toe.
I may have to check back tomorrow.
Well, that's what happens if you violently cut a country in two
There were some volunteers to fight against the Soviets, but in the end of the Nazi occupation - Estonians were told to either join or be shot.
Local Russians are more religious though.
If we had a miscalculation in the style of Finland with their Olkiluoto 3, it could literally bankrupt the country
They got them from taxes paid to them mostly
Oss
Rumor has it they've helped Estonia in ways many Estonians will never fully know about
The main part is that Baltic states asked Soviet Union to join
Marriage is of Christian conspiracy!
of course smetana goes on borsch
The "textbook" prescribed totalitarian violence, terror and even genocide of unworthy nations
And it is not even July
Luckily Kosovo is not among those.
Chlorides on the roads, snow ploughs, winter tyres
I can open the window but it makes little difference because the air doesn't move
And yes, the sheep
Probably Northwestern Slovakia and the Tatras.
Džon meid his vey tu a tavern fruu de dark forest, onli tu faind out tät hi forgot de mani
Therefore the amount of places I have been in my own country is remarkably higher than just behind the border.
The "partially" means that they are official only in some regions.
we call it pickle season
The Estonian islands and the towns of Haapsalu and Kuressaare are still way underrated.
A lot of people eat while walking
Tell that to the countries actually bordering the bull...
BLM has taken over the world but globally the effective genocides going on in China, Yemen and against the Kurds don't get anywhere near as much attention
Everyone else is stupid and their views are wrong.
I've heard it's pretty dangerous.
Lol estonia 27c
Nah, our northerners are even weirder
Maybe that'll work better
I don't count anything in Russia as Europe
What city exactly are you talking about?
Deciliters are perfect for flour and sugar.
Uhh they are, closedt language to hungarian is mansi and mansi are finno ugric same as hungarians
Of course he is glad, as both are madmen.
Heh I don't care if this may be crazy but hell yeah we're central european now
Escapist could be an alternative national demonym for the people of San Escobar.
Non-Native English Speakers: What English words are almost impossible to pronounce correctly?
Toomas Hendrik Ilves, president between 2006-2016 was born in Stockholm to WW2 refugees and grew up in New Jersey
Uh besides the already pointed out auto industry.
* Nazi SS flag
>It was a bit awkward explaining to him that is where essentially where I am from
Both are definitely Slavic accents, but the Bulgarian accent is way way stronger.
Isn't Macron vs Le Pen better for Macron then?
But I didn't know they'd be regarded as fast tbh
Well yeah, Finland doesn't much constitute as "abroad" :D
I have never seen anybody saying “Aitäh” to the bus driver even he/she is the last passenger getting off the bus
What common history besides the Soviet occupation do Estonia and Lithuania have then?
Damn, ours is 3
Libya,Iraq,Afghanistan,Vietnam ring a bell?
I think we call them "oki doki". I'm not sure how to spell it though
- 80 (Hg) - Elavhõbe
* One fell because minister of justice wanted to set minimums how many how many civil servants had to be prosecuted every year
But mostly it was repeating over and over the glorious parts of soviet era - revolutions (1905, 1917 february and october)
It's ironic when dogs like Lavrov and Putin are complaining about the "discrimination of Russians" in the Baltics, including the situation with Russian language in here
LOL at Czech-Out, Espanope, Abortugal, and Oui Out
An off the mill beer costs 1-1,30 in a shop, while a price of 3€ in a bar would be considered fair
Many of them identify themselves as Russian, they have family in Russia
During Soviet time I had quite romantic view of them
[This] is from the 1840s for example and up to this day every respectable village has a "village swing" like [this]ülakiik&client=opera&hs=g3I&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi56sD72uLSAhWEQZoKHbzrDA0Q_AUICCgB&biw=1517&bih=732).
We also kinda "pay" for it in much lower salaries than what you have in USA
com" account
haha epic fist bump
Saddest part is I was eating it like 15 years ago passing by from Poland to Hungary and never after found this place and I'm not even sure where I was
on aeg
Mitte ainult ei ole ma treenitud relvastamata võitluses, aga mul on ka ligipääs tervele mereväele ja ma kasutan seda täiel väel, et sinu hale perse siit maa pealt pühkida, sa pasapeeter.
It is not just us, it is you as well
I was talking about a different thing.
> [In 2012 total electricity generated in nuclear power plants in Russia was 177
I’m pretty sure such a referendum would fail and the whole legitimacy problem would be solved
That's mostly a thing in sparser, suburban areas in my experience.
Can buy it from any supermarket
They have had way more salary problems and they are also notably younger when they graduate (more time for adventures)
Couldn't care less
I think u/m3dicated is extremely naive.
Taste preferences are different around the world, you know.
Needs smaller, safer, lower maintenance and cheaper to install reactors
In my opinion big countries are genocidial bullies who only want war and destruction
Webpages really cant afford to adapt to every situation differently
And Estonia
Just a little addition - only 10% of venetian lagoon is open water, rest is wetland covered only by shallow layer of water
For people who live in apartments having a full-size flag is more rare, as they're not as likely to have anywhere to store or display it
We are forced to learn russian
Then in 1944 Soviets occupied us again and they oppressed the people who, due to previous Soviet oppression, collaborated with the Nazis
Estonia is legally independent since 1918.
They are culturally very Estonian, actually called the "[Tallinn House]".
That's also why Mexico won't pay for the Wall!
It is just that when I get carried away, then my brain is simply not used to dividing humans like that and doesn't care about me sounding stupid
We unlike Lithuania also had conscription even before what happened in Ukraine, so that's nothing new here.
We had an older Spanish male giving Spanish lessons in high school
(I am a phd researcher at the moment and therefore don't count, as this means that it is pretty much my job to be stressed and work fullnighters)
Something like this makes me glad that I live in a small european country
Austrian right-wing populist candidate lost by a narrow margin.
In Estonian it's the [mid back unrounded vowel] (listen [here]õ/#et)), while in Portuguese it's the [close-mid back rounded vowel] (listen [here]õ/#pt)).
Rail Baltica and HS2 are steps toward that
This looks like architectural rape, to be honest
That sounds so stereotypically Finnish
Everything else is illegitimate and evil by default.
how do they get so freakin much snow?
The Finns opposed this plan and retained their independence, but whether the Baltics could've done the same
She was my rock during that emotional time, as my child's father and me had separated long before the birth
Tallinn would've had the same fate
Finn
The translation is slightly wrong but I might just be nitpicky now
Ah yes the 1940 Estonian brutal occupation of Russia
And im pretty sure that some historian made such claim.
And a few that are outright pro-Nazi
Palju õnne, Leedu
I can't think of a single ancient unit still in active use in Estonia, unless you really count "dozen" (*tosin*) as an ancient unit.
Ööklubi* - nightclub for non-weirdos
Most US wars have been perfectly legal though.
I get your point, but not all roma grups are the same.
It is however not OK to label the Czech Republic or Estonia EE in any other random sense.
I do hate your Governments
I still don't see what this has to do with agriculture.
Maybe it's spelled "woki doki" or maybe it's walkie talkie, when we say it it sounds childish
The Estonian Museum of Occupations is just for you then!
That's pretty cool, I've only ever heard "The Öresund Region" being mentioned in that context
This must be the most detailed choropleth map there is.
However there are some core aspects like nationality and official languages that most countries will probably never let go of.
It seems like Hillary and quite a lot of Americans are quite keen on starting WW3
Well it's hard with a slushie
I know both are banned in Lithuania, but I don't think anything is banned in Estonia.
Maybe even Setomaa
We pronounce them the way Estonians always pronounce loan words - by raping them as long as they are comfortable for our tongues.
One of their favorite gags that they'd pull would be to loudly discuss in graphic detail their 'entirely made up on the spot' preference in BDSM fetishes whenever they had to stand in line somewhere.
Tallinn must be one of the least car friendly cities in Europe...
A reason that has no reasonable explanation
Though you have some quite large islands in Daugava River, like Ķīpsala, Zaķusala, Lucavsala and Daugavgrîva.
That might be true about your own social circle.
Also japanese has a nice tune to it and same goes to Icelandic
Why are you asking me these questions
It is kind of funny how they think that the French elections and the US presidential elections have something in common.
Greed, at least, can be reasoned with.
Or Greece being barely higher than Macedonia or Albania for that matter
We really are that gloomy
By altitude, you mean latitude
And Estonia
And small, a bit more down-to-earth, not so posh, as some bigger countries might seem
Uhh, either pärnu or tartu, they are already big cities
There are plenty of such people all over Europe...
Tallinn certainly has a reputation of danger in the smaller cities especially Lasnamäe, Kalamaja, Kopli and to a lesser degree Mustamäe.
If you for once took a look at our history and how much statistics differ between ethnic Estonians and non-Estonians, then you'd understand.
They are quite similar in their vocabulary, but they have very peculiar island-specific accents
Ok, autumn:5-18
Where is your evidence
Mäkdonalds (MacDonalds) or just Mäkk (Mac).
Although I do love shocking them with our fuel prices and the fact that many cars have under 100hp
Равлик/ Ravlyk meaning snail  is the most common name, though when used in emails, for some reason we just don't say it, it is said as "at"(like English) sometimes when in context of mentions
Don't know for sure, but there is no law that doesn't allow you to give food away.
I am pretty sure 90% of people in such conditions only do it because they have no other choice, not because they are "happy" about it
Previously we had been ruled by various foreign powers since the 13th century; it is not known how exactly Estonians were organised before that as written records are sparse, but it was probably more like a number of loosely connected tribes than any sort of unified state
It's like a mini test country based on every average statistic possible
Not in my city but in Tallinn, some citizens wishing to protest the city government's handling of garbage collection left trashbags in front of the city hall
The judges decide whether the order is following the law.
We are not a Nordic country :(
These universities are all of course good and especially in US and Switzerland pay handsome salaries (which helps to lure better people), but it does not inherently mean that something is done systematically better there.
You load up on sunshine in the summer and then convince yourself to remain happy for the rest of the year.
War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength
There are fields, where working abroad is very complicated (psychiatry - due to high importance of language), but we still have a serious lack of young doctors
Yes, but this is rather an arbitrary choice of countries.
I've done it 3 times over 2 years
*kahjurõõm* in Estonian, literally "joy of loss/damage".
They have such a firm belief that it will all be worth it in the future
Maybe even Setomaa
Small stores like that are quite rare to find nowadays
Black metal feeds off the darkness of the north
Toomas Hendrik Ilves, president between 2006-2016 was born in Stockholm to WW2 refugees and grew up in New Jersey
>allowing his passenger to leave his car while stopped without police approval
How old is it
Yeah, we have like constant +3 C and often raining a little.
That's a common theme in Russian propaganda.
Yea sure it's cool to own a car but cars are wasteful, no fighting that
The mother tounge of Ukrainians fighting each other in Eastern-Ukraine is mainly Russian.
Estonia agrees with everything you said
You are speaking as if the situation is ideal and she is just ruining it.
Was there no English version of that issue?
> fine amount was defined by how much a person was making a year
Ugh
Indeed, the Netherlands had a proportionally bigger victim count
My friend bought a 01 when he was 13, we had some great times whipping it around the forest as kids
They are fine, I can't see anyone in Estonia having a problem with Russian Old Believers.
I am 26, with a good education.
Is there any good in article in English that explores what actual coalitions can we see after the election?
How about for having the privilege of not getting kicked out of Europe for being here illegally?
But I took the nearest neighboring country to Tallinn.
30 to go to bed, and I am definitely not having full dinner just an hour before going to bed
Cost 1€ per ride, available in Tallinn and Tartu only
Russia in the north, Turkey or even Syria in the East
You don't have to regulate with every other country while having to abide to some rules EU as a whole votes for
for context
I heard that before coming the north we were at the coast of the black sea and then we split up Finns went to Finland and Estonians to Estonia
I don't buy it
Oss
It allowed to sway the public opinion against drones and ergo allow for quite harsh regulation to put in place
Because it's self reported its actually not that accurate.
Only idiots think that this has anything to do with cultural appriciation.
It has never formed a strong part of our identity, especially as it was brought here by crusade and was often a sign of foreign rule
> There's absolutely non of that in the whole system
Anything under **20h** ride is very close
fuck, we're away from russia
I survived the breakup of Soviet Union.
Because by "people" he meant not only BODIES, but SOCIETAL norms, etc, which are a product of inter-human relations.
Hiiumaa has a very beautiful nature.
3) cash while boarding (most expensive)
The most recognizable feature would be what we call 'potato blond' hair (like natural, darker blond)
I had a related experience when on a trip with my friends
I think the problem is the plural form.
Even those who do travel, usually go to neighboring countries with similar prices
I'd still say they make the best one on the market.
Or because "it's obsolete" or "the USSR disbanded, why didn't NATO?"
If this were Estonia, neighbours would be at each others throats all the time about petty issues
Similar argument with Poland "Well we needed to grab the land as Germany would of grabbed it anyway". So you become an aggressor and kill another countries soldiers, generals and you somehow are mad that they object to it
Cars parked outside were of course also exceedingly expensive
Does anybody actually still look at this in the religious way in Europe?
- Estonian islands, Finland and Stockholm: ferry
Glad you guys joined us there =D
Hopefully an average Swedish man has more pride than you do.
Perhaps it's more about mid-size settlements and not the pure countryside full of single farms.
As the number of immigrants from a different culture increases, you'll first see them accepted as minorities, then you'll see problems arising from cultural incompatibilities followed by the rise of right-wing parties seeking to stop and reverse immigration.
So it is not so old: even if you're a schoolkid atm, your grandmother was alive when those rich Germans left for Germany from Estonia
i now craving honey cake at 2 am
That is also what the wikipedia link you gave said.
Also horses were used for artillery
Data suggests that the better assimilated into Estonian society the people are, the more they support NATO
I definitely don't believe in any magical deity, but by the definition of it, I can't really know for sure either.
These first world problems aren't problems.
I have never seen anyone in Estonia, who has a cross on their wall...
Merkel would be ideal due to her vast experience and being centre-right on a political scale
Like some news pieces or cameras might take a reverse shot or if someone had a reflection of the logo captured on camera....
"Raiskama" means "to spend" in Estonian (like spend money)
Always wanted to go there and try thei schnitzel
Cannot think of really different cities and another user has already posted a good link, but some islands crossed my mind:
Corruption can exist in a non-political way as well and top officials can steal money while the state remains strongly democratic.
Should have called the Netherlands Holland
You would perceive design from seeing the picture.
*Tujurikkuja* has some quite famous sketches, like [this one]
but it's very good functioning for business
Go and read my other comments - many still consider the term "atheism" as something Sovietish, so they are mostly irreligious.
Aitäh sulle (singular)
It depends on the neighbours, but I cannot wrap my head around what are the factors
Is that the place where they invented a ja o?
Been there twice, once just a as a drive-through.
Plus, he always speaks my native language with me.
We have actually come a long way in Europe and the debates have become more relaxed and although a lot of things changed I feel like we're a bit more reasonable
Estonian has loads of Germanic loan words by the way, but that's beyond the point here.
Even in this sub, I remember that I stopped visiting r/europe for 2 years, it was unbearable
Anarchy
It's not like we only have the ugly apartment block districts...
my dad even gets annoyed if people step too far from the door with their shoes on
How has he been acting now in this field?
Mida vittu - what the fuck
most places have this type of windows, except for older houses with older windows
Yeahbut only as a non-required subject
(and glorify those actions today?)
From estonia to lativa iv never had my passport checked you just drive over the boarder no guards no stops from estonia to finland on a boat never had to show a passport just buy a ticket online swipe it and go
Summers did get warmer though, and I kinda enjoy it
]  Referring to the article the best example is: ".... no quarrels with its neighbours and for border issues to be resolved
not sure if it’s truly a national dish, but everything about it is awful to me
The Estonian wing of the party just overthrew the "Russian" wing.
This mentality can really be stressful for Greek students
Ever since my trip to Russia and \~8500 km in a train all together (riding time \~6 full days, longest in one go was 39h), European distances seem
Specially if they're only "polls" which the States and the UK pretty much rendered useless and not accurate AT ALL.
As much as I know they are pretty understandable to each other.
Whereas, it was the norm for the older generation to settle down and have children in their twenties
Gosh, why are we still on this??
You confuse the term "related".
The hallway of axes
H is how you spell N in Russian
Belonging to a religion doesn't make you appear any less intelligent
This is in direct contrast with systems, where freedom and pluralism are central
And to finish off the Finno-Ugric gang
[Yes there are]ų_korporacijos).
Konstantin Päts
Also a little bit of "It's the EU's fault
I've read his wiki and saw that monarchist party being mentioned, but isn't that Italian politics long gone?
The citizenship might not have been officially issued between 1945-1991, but it still existed and was passed down.
And Estonian names mean they're probably from around Helsinki im guessing
These are top paying fields
Outside of Tallinn tbh
It seems you are capable of reading their brain.
There is no way FPTP should apply in presidential elections.
in what state is that even in
Cut the connection to the Scandinavian networks and the turbines wouldn't work
It really is the best goddamn dessert ever invented.
They are so good at finding the best ideas to make the EU less popular.
Proportionally everyone has equal power in your example...
League level football is practically unattained in Estonia.
This stuff happened untill the collapse and some years after it
Slovakia and Andorra have been my favourites.
Vast majority of Russians in the Baltics, however, were not there when the countries came to be
How black is the Danish black bread?
Maybe there is a bit less snow in December, but overall winters haven't changed much
But the degree by which individual countries differ will usually be higher.
She was beside me when I gave birth so that might be one of the reasons
You never know, he is pretty racist and sadly a lot of people find that appealing :S
The salaries of academics are dependent on local pay-grade.
Blue is pretty common too
Usually the amount of money and the system on how the benefits are distributed change quite often, every new goverment has their own idea of benefits and welfare.
Yeah, but that's not strictly an Estonian name.
The world is not black and white.
Ofc they have
The term "Indo-Europeans" does exist, you know..
If I remember correctly - you actually HAVE to have a flag waving outside on some days
I could sense that Finland would win this one
There, can we stop the shitshow
A little more liberal perhaps and more used to technology, but I wouldn't say I am radically different in that either - most have adapted quite well.
Positive surprise
I mean yeah, true, but I'm pretty sure that's what op meant anyway.
I personally don't like Tallinn much, the old town is pretty, but otherwise it is rather generic and full of cars - but that might be more from the experience of living there for a year than from a tourist perspective
South Estonian is thought to be the first to branch off from Proto-Finnic
Driving a car is not a human right, it's a pretty big responisbility
But I am from Northern Europe and this is probably different in the South
There are quite many different ferries, so which one do you mean?
"Small Pakri" is bigger
The relative height is only 60m.
Can someone give me a quick summary of what's going on
Yeah, Coratia also commented the same thing
Also as windows are the main things that get changed here due to better insulation it can actually be a bit tricky to find other "regular" windows
Siemens phones disappeared aswell, is there any European phone manufacturers left out there anymore?
Gas is easy, but the customers aren't going to be there forever, not for the current volume; trace amounts at best
Every non-indigenous population is an immigrant population, regardless of whether legal or illegal, whether accepted or not.
Same here
Mentality of people coming is also
They are going to work abroad so they too can go to another country to buy alcohol
What is a 12 year old doing on Reddit?
My Dutch friend telling me that they can't drive
Saaremaa islanders cannot pronounce one vocal of the alphabet (Õ), they are historically viking-like people, who haven't gotten along with Hiiumaa islanders.
Mai ingliš is veri guud tänk juu
I'll raise a glass of French red wine tonight
The switch is just as stupid here
graphic artist and work both in office and freelance, and though in contract I have 40h workweek, in reality I work more flexible (some days few hrs more, some days less), it all depends on amount of work
>It has started to change a little
And one of the most conservative.
- Estonian language has no grammatical genders and no future tense.
It is sad that the concentrations camps were closed, we could use them for the refugees
Only during the Russification period did Russian Empire try to change it
Most of the homicides in here are usually in some apartment in bad neighbourhood where 2 alcoholics or junkies get in an arguement after heavy drinking and eventually one stabs another.
Its unbelievable how lucky we were
I’m sure this applies to every former soviet country
Also in short it is tänks which sound like thanks
It's not that crazy
[Machines like that] or more advanced "pack robots" like [an Estonian company Cleveron offers] There are hundreds of those and they are basically everywhere
Not to mention the invasion of Afghanistan is generally seen as a legal operation, quite unlike the occupation of the Baltic states.
If you ask, then you better be genuinely interested!
Christmas and Midsummer are the most important cultural ones and Independence Day and Victory Day the most important state holidays.
Reminds me of the video for a Death Metal song ["Haavad Uulitsal" \(Wounds on a street\)
Same, I just saw this somewhere yesterday, claiming it to be in Poland
Literally
And considering how much of Estonia is bogs and swamps, tanks aren't the most useful machinery anyway.
Russia acknowledged the the territorial integrity of Ukraine yet they annexed Crimea anyway.
Called tatar here
I wanna show the nation my appreciation
I don't think anyone seriously blames Belgium or Belgians for EU problems
The only exceptions are a and l.
Sweden
Yep, though Christian radicalism (I hesitate to call it fundamentalism, as majority of those radicals are not fundamentalists, but simply radical tools) which for a long time was not very visible, is somehow creeping into the picture again, along with all other kinds of marginal groups (nazis, racists etc).
mold / fin
Estonian and Russian are two commonly spoken languages as a matter of course
Dialects aren't easily obtained, however regional and dialectical intonations are very easily obtained.
sa vs te in Estonian (or sina vs teie, in the long form).
I know people who asked for half and even quarter-time workweek (obviously with reduction in pay)
I just go with the classic "La souris est en dessous de la table". Doesn't get much of a better reaction tbh
What is there so difficult to get??
Why would it need to include it
Definitely does make a difference.
None
Winter
I don't know what's so cool about swear words
You deny that
You said "according to Russia" and according to Russia they are separate sovereign states.
And it was yet again really dark and morbid, it's supposed to be an independence day not a funeral for fucks sake.
Yes, although their leaders only/mostly.
Aha
No, Feminine words end with **-a** or **-e** (similar to Lithuanian, only it has **-ė** instead, which is a long vowel)
And then again something comes along that completely surprises me...
It seems like a very cool and unique occasion
They are fast enough for me, but not especially high-speed, that 200km with a few stops takes 2h.
You're speaking Swedish mate, English is the most normal language ever compared to Swedish or Finnish or Estonian
It's easy to judge if you don't care, want or can't see history from our POV
In the summer Haapsalu and Kuressaare are both resort towns with charming old towns and medieval castles.
There have been several articles about this topic, even in English like [this] and [this] from a quick google
A tragedy
Favorite is kiluleib
What is there to believe, Russification was the key element of Soviet power.
That's what happens if you are too small to have a nuclear power plant and the only natural resource you have is [oil shale] (not to be confused with [shale oil]
I personally don't like Tallinn much, the old town is pretty, but otherwise it is rather generic and full of cars - but that might be more from the experience of living there for a year than from a tourist perspective
Sadly, this hits home :(
And what does it mean "as a russian"? That you get your news from government owned channels
*happy estonian noises*
The consenquence of Maidan was that they got rid of Yanukovych and Ukraine now leanas towards Europe more than ever.
In the primary school pretty much every kid hated Estonian language and Estonian songs and traditions that we had to learn, but now I appreciate that I know such a unique language
Have an upvote
It is a comedy about the late Soviet period in Estonia, mostly mocking the absurdity of the Soviet system.
It's rather not self-segregation here, but it's more about the language.
I drink a glass of coffee when I get to work.
Please compare the NATO and Russian military exercises and decide then who is "fear mongering".
Estonia moving up in the world
The 60% number is made up, I've seen claims that it should have been a 65% and 70% for one sided for it to be "legit".
Well yeah, Midsummer and [Walpurgis Night] are both great, why don't you guys adopt these?
Showing churches or interviews with religious people is fine.
No, this is no offence, eat it as you will.
>goes to Russia, St Petersburg and I don't want to go to Russia
[This] is a map of the 202 Estonian municipalities I have visited out of 213.
There is another bridge nearby formerly known as the "English Bridge", but as the words *Inglise* and *ingli* are very similar in Estonian, the name gradually changed into "Angel's Bridge".
Coming from Estonia, we are going to be celebrating my youngest brothers birthday.
Also "Teacher Lastname" or in some smaller schools "Teacher Firstname".
I think you know why without me having to spell it out for you.
Congratulations my little 6 toed friends
Lesson 1 - Don't pay blind benefits to people who are not blind.
lame
full plain bun + whipped cream is the way to go, though this time we're trying some with cherry jam cause the best place near us was out of plain ones by the time we got there.
I always started a conversation with a question "Do you speak Russian?"
How old is it
I personally like the [bogs] more interesting [coastal] locations and small seaside towns like [Kuressaare] [Haapsalu] and maybe [Pärnu] The small Uni town of [Tartu] might also be worth a visit
That's why the city limits comparisons are rather irrelevant.
Estonia gave the widest cultural autonomy to Jews during the Interwar era and we also get a "?"
Western Europe has a marine climate, while Eastern Europe has a continental one.
It like a chancellor of Germany would be a puppet of the prime minister of Romania.
The workers still need wages, weapons programs are expensive
Estonia is quite clearly part of Northern Europe.
PS: Let me guess - you're Estonian (one of the types that has re-written the Estonian wikipedia page so that every other word is 'Finland').
Practically no presence in Estonia.
Estonian and Latvian (and to a degree Lithuanian) peasants ate it as their main dish as they were under harsh serfdom and lacked anything better.
Also works for population size, smallest at the top, largest at the bottom
Especially older generations
Just as an aside, no windows here include screens (none that I have seen, anyway)
I lately noticed a funny thing about the word *viht*.
We used to have it too and the large majority was for it - the flag was banned during the Soviet times and we happily raise the flag if there is a reason.
Pea, õlad, pepu, põlved, varbad, põlved, varbad
We dont buy just booze
in estonian : "Džon meid his uei tu ei tävörn fru de dark forest, õunli tu faind aut tät hi forgot de mani
I'm not even really religious and i thought it was quite bad
“Ära piilu” means “Don’t peek” or “Don’t look”,
Why would anyone lie on the internet?
Sorry, sõber
They have guns, yes
* 'Not at all' when replying to thank you
This in inherently increase prices tho.
For me, it was the articles, to learn the genders of every word.
"Täitsa kena oled" you are cute
"It has never been like this and it is the same again" is my favourite phrase in Russian
This is some dystopian shit, i would never be okay with it
I doubt there are many stereotypes of these immigrants.
They wouldnt be able to gain the support of the majority of ethnic Russians here
>Why are you born in a northern country then
In many schools in Estonia, students can often choose whether they want to study German or Russian and it might be that German has gained more popularity in recent times.
Maybe it won't get used as much
I think FB messenger in Estonia, I haven't seen people using whatsapp.
It came back for many countries, luckily not for mine.
It is just falsely called "an alliance" when it was nothing of the sort
That does not make it cavalry
1) Maanteeamet suurendada asulavälisel teel suurimat lubatud sõidukiirust 120 kilomeetrini tunnis;
It is a must on almost every soup indeed, exceptions are milk/cream cheese based soups
The difference would be that Estonian words are generally shorter, especially cognates.
Because the people you mentioned are safe in Greece/Italy/Turkey, they have no valid reasons to go further north and some haven't even witnessed the things you mentioned because they lie about their nationality.
" which would ultimately hurt Europe and might not even benefit the nature (as explained above) deserve criticism
Anything under **100h** is worth considering for sure
That sounds so stereotypically Finnish
Natural time doesn't make the sun rise at 3am
She's 42 and calls herself a girl!
The word "e-kiri" (*e-letter*) exists but isn't really used (at least not in speech)
We have a [traditional chimney sweeper] in Tallinn.
] who are waiting for a check from their last article
That's indeed how their perception came off.
Is it like our Estonian ö?
The translation is slightly wrong but I might just be nitpicky now
Those fees are exist because accepting card payments costs to the merchant
The real question is what concessions are we willing to make for that goal
Ticks, Boars, Moose, Bears and Wolves but won't likely attack unless provoked
Because most of us didn't exist 99 years ago.
We definitely have honey flavored cereals
They even call it Seto country
Yeah, I never said mexicans are actually lazy people
Our president even Konstantin Päts wished to make a unified Finland ala Greater Finland on 1917
Is it really that you lack some ability or services to handle this weather
I thought it was rather the opposite.
Basically for closed container sale
Bingo
Thousands of advertisements on roadsides, few meters apart from each other
Yeah bro check google maps
He stops, opens his trunk and says: I might need it some day.
Right, but at the same time Latvians and Lithuanians are happier than us.
i dont think we bite into anything
And although nazis were bad I'd say they were better for us than the Soviet Union
And if you uncapitalise it and switch the w with a v, it becomes Estonian
Sure, but I would put it under the wider problem of Russia's "fuck my neighbours" attitude
Most Russians in Estonia don't speak Estonian.
And the civilians of Donetsk are mainly old people.
That doesn't really matter for the armed thugs and Russia operatives though.
But I guess I understand the tactical reasons why they have them in Germany and so on
They are way too big for it to be suitable
We essentially skipped spring and went straight to summer
I would love Sipilä’s government to come back
The whole atmosphere felt very cheap compared to other Austrian supermarket chains like Merkur or Billa
Oh wait
I get that we all learn at some point, but people never seem to use Google search for this
Those are old yes but ther are still used very frequently, meanwhile the ones i counted you wonrt see on younger peeps
Lada, GAZ, UAZ, and Moschvich are the most famous ones.
Which was much like going in the dark except of course there was more traffic
Stop trying to look like a special snowflake.
But better take rest of Estonia also...
A kfc opened up in my city, and the wait time there was and entire hour for a day, not as long anymore
Dude, how many islands have you been to was the question, not how many island countries...
> Some people are perflecty content living in a hut for their whole lives
I mean, maybe it's good if fossil fuel exports dwindle
But it's not ethnic cleansing if it's done only to illegal immigrants [of any ethnic group].
I think I've watched the whole series 3 or 4 times.
Also cavalry never charged German tanks
The decision to leave is very easy, but in practice to breach all legal ties, it's very difficult.
An Estonian couple went to a pub in Tallinn and asked for vodka (*viin*) and somehow ended up in Vienna (*Viin*).
Maybe, but the other article says that it was 30 km form Crimea, so, not so close.
The dark green areas belonged to Estonia and Latvia during the interwar period but became Russian during the Soviet occupation.
All the negative connotation what we call "racism" or "sexism" etc derive from such automatic application of stereotypes.
Vast majority of Russians in the Baltics, however, were not there when the countries came to be
I don't get it, so someone could pay to have free movement for himself etc, but if others from the EU came to Britian AFTER Brexit those rules would not apply to them?
Don't forget the rapes
That's literally the first time I hear this argument...
yes, so how would they 'stamp' your ID card?
Right now average net wage is 42% of that in Finland
In my opinion big countries are genocidial bullies who only want war and destruction
Good for Estonians that they have the most unique language.
Yes, you are correct
Most of Estonia speaks Standard Estonian without any intonation differences.
"other solutions" like "more money/benefits/other free stuff"?
Sounds possible, yes, it's because centrist candidates by nature try to attract votes from all sides at the same time, which can backfire, I don't remember that rule, but basically if you like to please everyone - in the end you will please no one.
Almost all in English
Currently, there’s a lot of fuss about the legalisation of gay marriages
It wasn't a surprise to anyone.
Western Europe, with significant exaggeration, maybe.
You are sort of drifting half way between the US and Europe anyway :)
I think it's a big difference between having NATO troops over or them having an actual base here
They still teach it tho
On average -5°C. According to Wikipedia, the record low is -36,8°C, but that is definitely not the usual winter temperature
They may hate the USSR, but they are still strongly affected by it and they usually know little about the Internet and have little English knowledge.
Tastes horrible, available everywhere!
not friends
What do they want the governments to do exactly
Will they chat or not
I guess the funny truth was that we as kids would switch to Estonian/English if we didn't want some adults to understand us
These haplogroups are older than language groups.
/g/, not /ç/ as /ˈl**ei**p.tsi**g**/, not /ˈl**aɪ̯**pʦɪ**ç**/, although everyone, who knows at least some German would say /ˈl**ɑi**p.tsig/.
But you don't need 100,000 troops for that.
Yeah lots of people don't like Tallinn tap water if compared to that of Tartu for example, but I grew used to it eventually.
It"s just the reality of political scene in Ukraine
So it wasn't like they just made a city in the middle of sea
"Tee tööd ja näe vaeva siis tuleb armastus" (Do work then love will come) from A.H.Tammsaare
No kidding, it is a lot like Arabic, like I once learned 1-10 in Arabic because I was bored but I'd forgotten them over the years, then I looked up the number in Maltese right now and they were so similar I remembered arabic numbers immediately after reading them
Europe barely has any wars these days.
It's not like those are completely separate things
Military officers are posting in this and other subs to educate us plebs from time to time and this is what I base this view on.
Tallinn in particular is really becoming Western-like in terms of costs for sure
It just doesn't have one codified act called "the constitution".
Luxembourg, Monaco, Liechtenstein, San Marino and Montenegro.
some Latgalians to either secede or join Russia
From Tallinn:
I mean, yeah without the WWII aspect, Germany and Austria are ethno-culturally the same and they could work well together in theory if they didn't have a long history of being separated.
I really wouldn't want to live in [BEES!]
I like how everything is closeby or how innovative we are implementing new technology
This won't really help me decide, but it'll give me a little more of a perspective on what other people think (sorry, typing tipsy)
Why would I support a football club?
Ingria is a historical region with rich Finnic culture, which you guys Russified.
I see I have nothing to do here.
> he country names go in alphabetical order from North to South
I think *kalevipojad* has become more common nowadays
It is not de jure illegal but around here de facto it absolutely is
We are just neighbours, just like Estonia and Sweden
Never even heard of anyone weighing them.
Their actions are also affected by their parties, ideologies, connections, lobbying
Facebook is the last place you should look for news.
It is relatively inexpensive
Estonia first became an independent country in 1918
The definition given in the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide?
sounds like a rap
Much of our history has been tied to Sweden and Denmark
*oss*) or a bit archaically *rullnokad* (Sg.
Yeah, you can
That the indigenous people will become a minority in their own land or that minorities will be strong enough to have a huge impact on our internal politics and be a threat if a significant population of them decides to ally with the big and hostile dictatorship to our east.
Or maybe they weren't selling the data in the first place and there's no way to justify the additional cost of the liability and compliance that the regulation places on them
I'm quite sure every language have words that are written same but
Same can be done for many languages.
(They tought we were unable to protect ourselves, so they made us sign a pact)
Better make a new one with metropolitan areas.
But this former [Minister of Finance] showed some class
5 hour walk
There was recently [a film] about the same concept
The ships are nice and have many shops and restaurants on board.
In the capital (i.e Tallinn or Northern Estonia in general I guess) there's no word for "that" or "those". They just say "this there" and "these there".
They like to support Russia from...
Honestly, why *do* we need to export to Russia?
[Again] a non-gradual colour scheme with a stark contrast between arbitrary decades just to make the differences between Eastern and Western Europe look more stark...
I can't belive how out of proportions Dijsselbloem comments have been blown.
The Kihnu islanders are Orthodox rednecks with folklore.
>Old houses and flats have terrible insulation
So it really depends
An **illegal occupation** doesn't change when we became independent.
So they rebuilt it
There are maybe more but I do not remember all
Let's completely ignore these nations that were conquered by the Red bastards and forcibly drafted into Red Army
The Estonian Museum of Occupations, the Museum of Estonian History, the Estonian Jewish Museum etc
I'm just wondering: if these protests are planned to be legal, then why didn't the ambulance driver avoid that street since the location and time of the protest is declared ahead of time
*püssi* means "of a gun" in Estonian.
You can get a permit to carry a weapon
Comparing the total number of troops is pointless.
And you said that DNA doesn't make a difference and Estonia is no Nordic anyway.
You mean like "having intercourse [*reason for using the case*]?" like "having intercourse *inside a car*" and "having intercourse *with your mom*?" :D
The [Estonian Museum of Occupations] is and the [Tallinn Seaplane Harbour Estonian Maritime Museum] both offer military expositions and are well worth a visit.
This notion of Eastern European common social values or culture is getting more and more ridiculous every day as socialist legacy is being cast off, while deeper culture and social differences arise.
Latvia has better Internet than us.
It is pretty popular even here in Estonia
Every newspaper has about one comprehensive news article per day with pictures.
Or Greece being barely higher than Macedonia or Albania for that matter
a bit younger people than here), 86% of ethnic Estonians spoke at least one foreign language, while only 56% of ethnic Russians spoke at least one foreign language (which includes Estonian).
It is known as the "children/generation of the [Singing Revolution]" in Estonia.
But why are you bringing social democracy into this
An average Russian is a lot poorer than an average Latvian.
Kiev is pretty, I'm going for the second time this winter.
then puts down the knife and you put one hand on your lap and eat only with the one hand holding the fork.
Northern Estonian seems to be mostly unique in this aswell.
I got banned in like two days a long time ago...
I think Moscow and Peterburg are quite wealthy though.
Absolutely no mention of Estonians?
Damn, everybody is suddenly a cheese expert
It's as if they are wondering whether such a language exists and they are deriving the hypothetical language name from the country name
You can get a 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom, big garden and 5994 m2 house for 400k.
If the seats were strictly proportional to population, it would just be a continuous stream of a triumvirate consisting of Germany, France and either the UK or Italy deciding what's best for the Union with no practical reason to pay attention to the complaints of the smaller members of the bloc.
We’re massive introverts for a reason
And also kiek their friends in de kök.
As long as 95% of people are vaccinated education is enough imo
u/marussia123, Ruhnu doesn't really have a distinct culture (while Kihnu does)
Boys are in general far more creative and curious, but standardized tests and monotone lessons are not for them - that's why girls achieve better grades in our current systems.
Peterburg".
Cold War 2.0 is already happening...
Mun suomi ei ole ihan hyvä, mut joka kerta kun mä olen Suomessa lomalla mä yritän puhua suomea.
If an actual Russian from Russia has learned Estonian, then it might be cool, but if "a Russian has lived here all his life and has an accent" then that might not be that cool - they have very strong common set-in intonation differences which might not be as apparent on someone, who came from Russia and hasn't spent so much time among the local Russian community.
I don't think anyone seriously blames Belgium or Belgians for EU problems
Maybe my weather map is pessimistic, the canadians think wind isn't that big a factor, three degrees warmer
Also we need to teach those Hungarians how to speak proper Uralic again.
Perhaps not to IT then, but to somewhere else.
Its becouse in 1918 we became an actual County, we where no longer just an ocupied terrertory of another power but instead our own.
I'd guess that we would have been lumped in with the Russians.
mid-Estonian dialect is still a thing, though you really need to listen to catch it - they have some strange words, ie 'ninuli' vs 'ninali' and say some words quite differently.
[Edgar Savisaar] suspended Mayor of Tallinn, probably outgoing chairman of the pro-Russian Estonian Centre Party.
Uppsala, Turku, Tartu, Lund are all absent (also Greifswald, for that matter, which for a while was also Swedish).
Standard Estonian is derived from one of the North Estonian dialects and it has been adopted as the spoken language by most Estonians
So he went to meet with the other salesmen and some important people to make some deals and talk about expanding the sales to other baltic countries
Because you are only thinking of your own kind and totally want to repress the BTIs.
I found the other discussion funny and wanted to check if this picture causes similar one.
Also, I read that winds are pretty strong on the coastal line, so Estonia can benefit from that too and incorporate it into power grid.
Because 10 extra votes really shows a big majority, especially considering the importance of the thing they're voting on
Another stereotype is that Estonians are slow, so it took me a couple of days to get that joke.
It was discussed in r/Eesti - he's a regular Estonian and has no accent in real life.
Like the famous wizard Harry Dresden and his Chicago model
I think we call them "oki doki". I'm not sure how to spell it though
And then you can also use "ole/olge tänatud" (be thanked) to thank one or multiple persons
Wonder if Spanish speaking SA countries will form something similar to the EU
Norway, Switzerland are arguably quite small countries population wise so they have a fairly good reaction time and results when it comes to making political, economical changes that the countries people accept
That's not how world works though, so events of the wars, aftermath of the war and long-lasting effects of them are all interlinked with each other
Luckily the media hype will disappear soon and we won't hear about him until the next elections.
This is just diplomatic bickering and will cause more costs and time for ordinary travellers, who don't have anything to do with US politics
Vitupea was popularised by a short film and means fuckhead
When i was younger i used to call everyone a "he" because there are no gendered pronouns in Estonian, but that was mostly because i had never formally studied English grammar.
Furthermore, you can’t argue that a county where even the city hall of the biggest and most important town, located on the most central and touristy square, looks like [this] does not have a massive problem with urban decay
Do you eventually naturally adopt the British accent or not?
Estonians just have a kinda ugly sounding accent, it doesn't have any specific characteristics at all, just sounds like you just ate something really hot
Well, Estonia [stores] all (and I mean *all*) data they have on their residents in Luxembourg
For people who live in apartments having a full-size flag is more rare, as they're not as likely to have anywhere to store or display it
> Helsinki is the second-most Northern capital in the world (after Reykjavik)
We don't translate those names in Estonian either
Would something really change if they were a federation, considering they are a devolved country now anyway.
The most recognizable feature would be what we call 'potato blond' hair (like natural, darker blond)
Kaiu raba or Kolgu raba
Welcome to Estonia
If anything, women put pressure on themselves, since we feel like there’s a limited time window for us to do family planning
Tallinn is the oldest - an early medieval Hanseatic town with preserved town walls.
Worst of all is that we might not even happen to read the worst part...
Who is counting on FDP making it to the Bundestag?
the longest
This will divert a lot from it.
But usually containers like [this] and [this] are used there is no spillage.
Going to Lithuania for the weekend.
However the retail enterprises have signed an agreement to ask for ID from anyone, who looks under 30, although in my experience this is widely not followed.
[Arvo Pärt - "Aliinale" (1976)]
1 000 000 000 000 = triljon
I kinda hope the same but then again I thought the same thing when Trump was elected and when the brexit vote went through
There is only one possible situation where cheese won't go on top and that's when there's tomato slices included
oh damn, you guys got one more than us
Now you are assuming out of the gate that all this was fake and there was no Russian assassination plan
Always nice to see a person ignorant in international law and international relations simplifying geopolitics.
Oh and we also have two places named "Kullimaa".
The houses can also have rather ridiculous floor plans due to their medieval nature
I'm from estonia, they start teaching code here from the first grade
Yes, because despite all your education you made an unintelligent choice.
Basically what Schengen Agreement is that there are no border controls.
Now with first snow, real winter is not far.
10 in the morning today and set af 3
Between Tallinn and Tartu I wouldn't dare to do it, with all the traffic and speed cameras
25+ and I can feel my brain slowly melting inside
Salme is for older peaople but was not wery common even back then
Moving forward perhaps, but it's still a totalitarian dictatorship and that's that.
I have some friends who are interested in basketball, they mostly watch highlights tho.
"kompastuskivet" = komistuskivid (in Estonian :))
Yet again, same solution as mentioned above
What else is new
It may be a foreign country, but [most] Australians still speak English as their native language, so their language is equally correct if compared to British English.
I'd translate it as, "The hatch for the tunnel that the bullet is flying in
Opera house, conference center, mall, new passenger port - you name it
Tbf Hollywood alone has been vital in spreading the exposure of English far across the world
I'm quite sure every language have words that are written same but
Same place as I do now, because I couldn't afford to move
Yeah, in censuses they count ethnicity, i.e.
Pea, õlad, pepu, põlved, varbad, põlved, varbad
The Estonian ones in this picture are quite generic.
Lembitu
The amount of work this gives to analysts, programmers, testers, etc is pretty big.
You can tell who came from that sub because don't have flairs
Aitäh teile/Teile (plural/formal)
Just recently someone from Russia said that why do we want war with Russia, don't we understand that this will be a catastrophe.
For Estonia, probably anything by Nublu or Tommy Cash
And considering Tallinn is like 3rd or 4th in Europe (not too many above them elsewhere in the world, if any at all), it all adds up
Finns often consider South Estonian more familiar because it has retained vowel harmony
On the other hand, nobody can really forget the [Soviet occupation] either.
Quite soon after that I saw an old Top Gear episode when Clarkson said "Shall we take the Aston
A quote from [here] further clarifying the subject:
Wait, some people don't have cheese slicers
Even on r/uk they have a post that proves it's somewhat a thing, there's an actual reported linked there.
I never noticed anything that could explain listed huge difference in language skills.
Kilpkonn(shield frog)=turtle
They have guns, yes
- 80 (Hg) - Elavhõbe
It's pretty telling that you don't get analogical sarcasm.
OK I sometimes eat without the knife when there's absolutely nothing to cut - especially at home.
Sometimes it is done automatically when the teacher enters, sometimes after his or her orders, depending on the teacher.
The problem is not the electoral college per se, but your majoritarian voting system.
a very sad and strange period of human and European history
Interesting where the divide between "only football" and "literally all the time" comes from
I'm addicted to building unbelievably expensive custom castles (yeeeeeeaaahhhh)
Congratulations, USA
4G has almost never caused problems while gaming.
North Estonian is the standard
Did Hitler and Nazism give us Einstein?
Poll:
I need one for baking and don't have one yet.
There aren't that many countries in Europe
yeah, same here
Of course there is a border, it's just free to cross.
October and November are gray, depressing wastelands and then once it starts snowing and gets cold it won’t leave until like May
Le Pen is #1, but she has no chance to win in 2nd round.
Chip bags that had pokemon [tazos] in them
We call it viht
Eastern Estonia dibla dibla and dibla
Something like that, maybe, we spend a lot of time in school these days, while the previous generations worked already.
Estonian Republic was vilified a lot
You just made an enemy for life, Pekka.
No I wasn't that's purely your imterpretation.
Whilst North Carolina is seen as a southern state, it's one of the wealthiest of them, with Charlotte, which is a very important financial center, and Raleigh - the "Research Triangle" with UNC Chapel Hill, Duke University.
In Estonia these temperatures are very rare even in the summer, and in the evening it's always less than 20
Seems like we will have an insane manhunt now, let's hope that the real terrorist hasn't escaped to the other side of the world by now.
Western Estonia and North-Central Estonia (areas between Tallinn and Northeastern Estonia) have very few Russian speakers
Since we have snow from the start of november.
This could be done by making sure the lower ranks start siding with the protestors (like law enforcement and factory workers) and ending in the higher ranks distrusting him
Go and live in Finland, that's the only way
Gotta love Scotland
Don't you have them where you live?
We're not a century behind Estonia.
Sure you can buy them at gas stations, but you really have to be desperate for coffee.
The question is not should a democratic state tolerate dissenting opinion, but should a democratic state tolerate anti-democratic propaganda?
) there was not turning back
O\_O
no, there are facts that support this, unlike for there being a god.
Fun fact: Estonia used to be part of Sweden and thereby Nordic
Tall female, skinnier type of athletic, blonde, [long bob cut] and hiking
I don't need history lesson from a Russian, I can read fairy tales from elsewhere.
So that's where my luggage went
In my childhood, it was actually ham OR cheese, only rich snobs would put BOTH on one bread
A neighbourhood, where people live according to the medival values on the territory of a country, which has laws against those same values is not integration, it's a self-imposed ghetto.
The place is under an illegal foreign occupation and nothing should be returned there until the occupation is over.
Soviet Union was just a neat name for a twisted Russian Empire.
I'm an Estonian and I'm not really a big fan of sauerkraut or saunas.
it's absolutely hilarious that you think any Soviet elections and referendums were legitimate.
It was a simplification, Estonia and on most part Lithuania and Poland also fought on Latvian side, plus some Russian Whites.
Agreed, in general grouping, it's stupid not to create Central European and even more so Northern and Southern European groups and just divide it into Eastern and Western Europe.
Hiiumaa the other island
With current Russian and EU politics there is a "whos cock is bigger" game anyway
Estonian is pretty easy in this category, we only have very few exeptions like
"kadedus" means jealousy and to be jealous, you say "kade olema"
Would you hire someone who absolutely hates wood?
Wind power generation has increased steadily, but has stalled recent years due to various legal disputes
It looks like a lot of paperwork, but anyone who ever worked with documents will be able to tell that it's not a lot
Actually there is a word for a hillock in Estonian (*küngas*), but it isn't used for mountains like we have in the south.
Some that would be associated with Estonians, although some of these have been derived from other languages:
- Everything else: flying
I remembered the time when they made fun about mexicans on Top Gear after reading that
Finnish: Can understand sometimes, some words have a complitely different meaning tho
I support openness and liberty to your own culture, but I don't support the idea that "more" is somehow better.
(estonia)
In 2014, a book that was at least partially sponsored by a state grant from the Ministry of Communications — titled Two Worlds, Two Ideologies — represented the argument between Lysenko and opponents as one between “patriots” and “national traitors.” Articles praising Lysenko appear regularly today in national newspapers: One 2015 article in the newspaper Kultura erroneously said, “Agricultural methods developed by the academic are still used in the entire world.” It continued: “If one were to analyze facts objectively, one would have to say that Lysenko was without question an extraordinary man.”
This "little factoid" would change the judgment radically.
But they are not confronted
Then again, this really long uni study here means that people have less children than they want to, cause time runs out, so at least you guys won't die out at the same rate as we do :D
>and having 2 flags that similar will just confuse everybody
Maybe in Swiss referendums they can be more frequently precise, but in big referendums like joining/leaving the EU they just can't be, because the wording and implications list would be enormous.
Length of syllables: "pall" is written in genitive and illative "palli" but both forms are pronounced with different length of "ll".
How did you manage to forget Koit by Tõnis Mägi
>Afaik it includes work related pension plans
Our president even Konstantin Päts wished to make a unified Finland ala Greater Finland on 1917
Most people know how to spell well enough and the difference between people would be rather arbitrary
But really, why is Estonia Baltic when Sweden isn't?
The 1990s had *[Kreisiraadio] and the 2000s and 2010s had *[Tujurikkuja] both end of the year short sketch shows.
Even other colonizers like British were astonished and how poorly and brutally he run Congo and launched campaigns against him
Well
Strauss is my favourite composer that's why i  watch it
For me personally i guess it would be better.
I think he cared about Ukraine more than Poroshenko.
The Baltics Central Europe
Going to a night club without consuming copious amounts of alcohol is pretty much impossible
I'm sorry to confuse you, but Eastern Europe is part of the Western world...
You can get married if you want to, but you can also live together until death and raise a family without ever marrying - ain't nobody going to care...
Russia and Belarus are neither democratic, Russia is hostile and are de facto enemies of NATO.
Had the best faults like the driver seat sliding off the rails when accelerating and not really needing to use the pedals as the clutch and brakes were toast anyway and you could use the hand throttle for accelerating
Chornobyl irradiated forests were burning on a large scale recently
Now, imagine the text written only with the letters of the English alphabet.
>is about 900/m, well above national average
4 euros
Almost every single nation came to their current lands illegaly during an illegal occupation.
My friend bought a 01 when he was 13, we had some great times whipping it around the forest as kids
I see what you did there
As a Estonian [this Estonian song] always come to mind.
I went and it's fairly drab, the whole town screams 'we're still stuck in the 80s and the Soviet Union'.
Even Tartu and Tallinn have some really poor-looking districts full of wooden shacks which are not far from city centre
Scandinavians used them, for sure.
It's because I can be beaten with arguments, but many people don't seem to know what decent arguments are.
I am starting to wonder if I have simply misunderstood that saying since childhood
No idea why but this picture makes me feel a little claustrophobic.
Russia = Venemaa
Excessive military spending was a big part why Soviet Union collapsed
Estonians can be identified by their handsomeness
Anything under **20h** ride is very close
One is a totalitarian dictatorship, the other is a democracy that made a stupid choice.
Tarto and Mulgi have almost died out, but they were strongly influenced by North Estonian dialects, so they were similar enough to understand, but had a very pleasant southern and archaic sound
This is just not true for Europe, and has never been true even in the most "socialist" years when the amount of state ownership may have been smth like 40-50% of the economy in the Western countries.
What was wrong with my comments?
Hungarian has 18, Finnish and Karelian 15, Estonian 14
Few opt for an alternative service.
I remember getting some fish and chips and a pint in a pub fairly close to Trafalgar square and realizing that I worked three hours earlier in the year to pay for that
Let's completely ignore these nations that were conquered by the Red bastards and forcibly drafted into Red Army
"There was a vote and Brexit won."
Americanization that's why
It's already over here in Estonia, back to + temperatures again.
But I guess I understand the tactical reasons why they have them in Germany and so on
You'd be better off finding some other topic to focus on
[*Siin me oleme*] ("Here We Are") from the late 1970s also has sort of a cult status.
They weren't the SS in the regular sense
The same root, but not the same name, was carried on for Estonians.
No, the only cheap supermarket chain we have is Maxima and it’s reaaally bad
Russia is just trying to sell it and you sadly are buying it.
Or maybe our ppl will stop being pussies so we can finally build a nuclear reactor
Snowing in communism
Yeah, this is common if not prevalent in older suburban places here as well.
I think if I was growing up there, I'd want to be similarly prepared
A certain neighbor to be precise.
There were no protests about it, only the regular dissatisfied and ignorant Internet commentators were angry.
Wow, our country gets posted here, lol
It's one of the most famous books in the world.
* Home to my favorite vodka, Belvedere
Donald Duck, Astérix, Astrid Lindgren books, a few Mauri Kunnas books, various fairy tales from Estonia and other countries.
Sentiments like these make me doubt this country will ever change.
Going renewable means your expenses go higher
Explain this to me how are polish jews part of the polish culture even though there are big cultural differences between these two groups?
I'm not sure why anyone would downvote you.
Their "own country" would take pieces out of Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran
To now 100,000 or so people getting on the streets
I live 15 minutes from Malmö, and I'm there semi regularly, and it's always absolutely fine
That's pretty much fancier shashlik
There is more about the EU than just democracy
They don't really serve a private interest unless they are one of the bigger and more spectacular ones.
cry
Very few cultural norms are uniquely Estonian due to the small size of the country, but some things should be followed in most of Northern Europe:
Plaid Cymru warns of independence bid...probably since like their party's creation.
I like the wall
There is something marvelous about the [St Olaf's Church] in Tallinn.
2) I'm not that old yet and I still have functioning brain
There are currently about 500 "Tallinn Houses" left, mostly [within this area]
And thank you for having good prices on alcohol
farm / fin
if i told my family they'd scold me though
A little wind will do the trick.
In high school I had to go home from school in the darkness for months
I think its not so much about the spirit of Nato and more about the open conflicts and the rest of the stuff going on like the plague and NS2 just to name a few
It tasted like sweat
Yes, because Lithuanian is very conservative towards change.
ugh
History disagrees with all the examples of politicians who made the rich pay more, basically created the modern welfare state etc.
I was searching for a photo and found this, so the comment seemed suiting
I know that Finland and Japan share quite some similarities and the people in respective countries are sometimes obsessed with each other
(the cross may be a hint, but we're not going further with this question, are we?)
We sadly have a long way to go thanks to such people.
A newish 200-300m^2 house in a suburb ([example] or a
Yea in Estonia education is a major thing
Damn, ours is 3
Things that are common in Europe
and Arvo Pärt from the classical music genre
How did you recognize them afterwards?
I love Estonia over all, I don't want to move to another country.
Only Vodafone is publicly saying that it will let customers use every bit of data abroad that they're entitled to at home.
The point of my comment was also not to point out your spelling mistake, it was a sidenote.
Schramm's Cellar") or just *Keller* is my favourite as it has the biggest selection of beer in the town.
The [bastion passages]äigud&client=opera&hs=1HI&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiinaHkyZ_SAhVDFywKHQM0BfUQ_AUICCgB&biw=1517&bih=732) under the [Kiek in de Kök Artillery Tower]ök,_Tallinn) are quite popular among tourists.
Official translation:
E.g. I find Paldiski to be much uglier than towns like Narva or Sillamäe. Many towns by lake Peipsi look poorer than them
I wouldn't go as far as to say we should start funding rebellions in Russia but we definitely should beef up the defenses of Europe.
Binnish bemes :D :D :D :D
Another country's citizen coming here and voting on stuff on the other hand absolutely would affect me
Im appalled that this needs to be said in r/europe
Plus, rural Estonia and Latvia aren't really Russified at all.
Still better than having Soviet era high-density residential areas
Up to 1940 Germans were public enemy nr
Plus there are still many conspiracy theories of him cooperating with the Soviets.
Also, no offense, but Lasnamäe is indeed sketchy as hell, but oh,well, at least it's not Kopli
The king of Belgium denounced the bruralities committed in the Kongo last year:
Why was the Karjala area so highly populated relative to the rest of the country, better farming land and Lake Ladoga
Sour cream goes on everything
What isn't being cracked down upon in China?
It's already like that here in Estonia
I dont get the Sweden one tho
Sorry, I know we're not famous for healthy foods
oh, ok, how the f did that turnaround just happen
And all the new tourists we would get
It didn't come about without major backlash from backwards fuckwads here either
The last car has almost an hour of pause time
It's spoken by 30% of the country and Estonian youths still don't learn it..
as you apparently don't mean German speaking country with it.
Pretty much like that all over Eastern Europe
I am truly sorry on behalf of most of Estonia for this utter shitstorm that our dear MEP Andrus Ansip has brought upon us
It always feels like a miracle to hear Estonian in less touristy place and we always have to greet each other and of course have to ask if they know someone we know
My kiddo is in 5th grade and they still do it about the same
Go back to Mongolia, filthy invader!
Well, in this vote Farage did vote against it as well
Russia as an ally of the EU would benefit us all, but these are just empty words
Estonian/Finnish
I actually have more problem with long-term slightly-too-cold than short-term very-cold-exposure
They've been in Finland for ages if you knew where to look for them ;)
This included plenty of Russians.
Which maybe it was, I wouldn't really know as a tourist
Do you have to pay for penguins in Iceland
In Estonian culture, this is considered a bro move
It’s a small region in the South with a unique dialect and traditions
Russia is systematically replacing and repressing the Crimean Tatars even in 2020
I considered to go to UK for an academic year (as a researcher, I have my own funding from EU), but these kind of articles make me wary.
Probably the Old Town of Tallinn [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6]
The way socio-demographics amplifies even the moving abroad part, is due to the fact that you cannot get full-time work in smaller towns, as the populations there have been decreasing
Plenty of businesses have their own email adresses
The problem is that people don't understand the value of life.
I'd say it's a beautiful language, although it doesn't particularly strike out for that quality
Seem like they would be a pain in the ass to remember, but i guess it depends
Besides a few exceptions it's all pretty civilian, like these transporters, Volvo wagons, Skoda RS Wagons, etc
Does that mean having a steady job, freelance or not, in one country?
yes, even on the street in front of an apartment building
Lavrov is bringing it up quite often
REIS TALLINN-TARTU-VALGA LAHKUB KÜMNE MINUTI PÄRAST
not even a bush
And who could forget that the estonians deported the russians into võru
Russians really shouldn't fly airplanes.
Well 3 out of 3 means only Russians were talked to.
Apart from the capital, it's amazing.
So usually the solution is that the Estonian researchers are for the time being affiliated also to the other university to get equal pay.
Does it stop someone from living there and contributing to the society?
But, when EKRE came to power last year, they complained that one journalist of ERR (the national broadcaster who owns a few radio stations and tv channels) criticised them too harshly and eventually he was fired
The last execution took place in 1991 when a murderer was executed by a firing squad
Out of curiosity what is the policy regarding adults and booster shots
You can google them yourself
apparently she was forced to wear a bracelet around her wrist
You could always tell in what general area the rally was from the sounds of the crowd, they either said kurwa, vittu, blyat, merde, merda, scheisse or oh fucken' 'ell
I suggest you improve your debating skills :)
/s By this metric Vatican has the smallest history and Russia the largest
Have a look at [Kamchatka] that is like Iceland on steroids or take a peek at the [buddhist temples] in Buryatia and beyond
Is this just a post roasting Estonia
Tourist traps are tourist traps for a reason
Examples
:D Tallinn here to refute your map, try not to get hit by the wind chill
It's massive investment that may not be cost-effective in the end (as people in Eastern Europe are poorer, population is small, transit of goods may be the only way to break even).
Anything like beer is from 18
Military is necessary, it may also be interesting and respectable, but not much to worship in the sense of glorification.
2) season tickets that can be loaded to the same card, also available online or the same stores as the previous method
How is it bullshit rhetoric about equality in nordic countries???
Can't these people see what happened with neighboring Bulgaria?
Uhh yeah about that
Being nationless doesn't strip you of any rights.
julge/julkea: est
The collapse of Yugoslavia
The Baltics were not really part of the USSR to begin with, they were illegally occupied sovereign states.
PISA study: the Estonian basic education is the best in Europe
It is definitely a subculture in Germany, Poland, Estonia and Latvia.
We can usually tell if someone is a Finn or not
There are quite many such websites in Estonia.
I wonder if Japan looks so small and weird because it was very isolated at the time
You surrendering is mostly meme, just like that "Polish used cavalry to storm German panzerkorps"
Was as low as 2
There is some movement from Tallinn to its suburbs and nearby countryside, but it's mostly just wealthy people buying detached houses near the capital
Mostly it's called the *Saksa-Rooma riik* ("German-Roman State"), but *Püha Rooma riik* ("Holy Roman State") or *Püha Rooma Keisririik* ("Holy Roman Empire") aren't uncommon either
Even what we call our army (kaitsevägi) directly translates to “defence force”. We’re a peaceful bunch
I'm sorry but Russians in Latvia are quite dumb to pick such a diehard Soviet as their representative
Even if we move slightly outside it the options are even better
* One fell because they fixed food prices during hyperinflation, which did lead to food stamps
I think this is a dangerous sign.
>use one EU-wide-system
He has been taken into a home to live peacefully but he tries to escape which is has resulted in a rather big "dog-hunt" as everyone is concerned about him
Well everything is pretty awesome now, but boy, you're going to have a shit time
So the first is “Perseauk”, I’m not too sure about the second one but should be “Türa lits ära piilu minuga ei maksa norida” which means “Fucking bitch, don’t look/peek, it’s not a good idea to pick a fight with me” and the third is “Kusen su ema hauale”
I guess the plan is, similarly to those who wanted and still want a second EU referendum, that the participation % of those who are pro-remain or pro-indepence would be so high it would produce the "desired" result.
Interestingly, all are different expressions in Estonian as.
US definitely did far more damage to the world than Russia
Pretty fucking horrible
we had a cooking class/subject as part of the handicraft/home economics subject
But these are two very different concepts
The more I experienced the places I thought I would be a much better fit in, the more I realised how wrong I was
However you need to understand that Newton was extremely smart, *for his era*.
the most commonly used expressions are "lusika nurka viskama" (to throw the spoon into the corner) or "sussid püsti" (loafers up)
Nobody cares on the streets, Estonians just hate the fact that they have so many Russians living in their country, but they rarely have anything against an individual Russian in particular.
Small city my ass
For example, my friend's parents are Ukrainian and would switch to Ukrainian when arguing, so that the kids wouldn't understand them
Higher Kurdish autonomy *is* the geopolitical reason for this
>Zurich
Lydia Koidula
yeah, we had it too
A hunter set up a trap to catch an animal and set up a camera
If it's a random nationality due to some bias, then yes, a little.
For example Wales currently receives around £680 million per year in EU funding
labels, not about what organization we are members of.
The reason for America's success in the early 20th century was also that it hadn't really industrialized before unlike Britain for example.
I'm not a fan of the people I belong to but its the only people I have
Whereas, it was the norm for the older generation to settle down and have children in their twenties
I'm from Estonia - we used to have rainy and not very warm summers but this year
Seriously, this shit is depressing...
Russians arming and protecting the separatists killing Georgian civilians and officials.
It was announced in March last year by the way.
So yeah, it's damn cold here
I'm way too lazy to find sources but I've had to answer the question 'what are the two basic required ingredients of a pizza' in a quiz and got it right, so that's enough validation for me to believe myself
Judging by the usual comments on delfi (estonian The S*n) i'd assume 99% of estonians can't pay their bills
I love our bread and I get confused when other's claim they have good bread
First sent in Russian troops (they were in navy bases but during events in Crimea took to streets and were seen patrolling towns), then held a poll.
Well yeah, there were 3 Estonian guys working on the source code, but the company was established by Swedish/Danish guys
That is why when Ukrainians felt that the best they can come out of it is with their sovereignty declaration, that would have given them a little more autonomy, the independence minded leaders advocated for that sort of tactical voting.
Be ready because we will implement a harsh
If you have no non-black ancestors (as seen by your skin tone), then surely you are black.
ly effective e-services network
Comprehensive studies with actual numbers and scenarios behind it would be
What unexplicable do we have right here?
What is involved is all kinds of tax exceptions though.
First 2 years printed-like, then in cursive
No offence, but it seems that your idea isn't that original.
Just some rambling thoughts, it's late:
ive seen many like this but never knew how to do these
After all their actions have brought us here today.
They searched my shit too, hadn't had that happen since going to Russia in 2007
The only solution is a revolution for the people BY THE PEOPLE in their respective countries and it should be with a progressive course.
KFC "just" came to Estonia and there was a lot of hype around them, huge opening lines etc
You'd have to be pretty darn radical right wing to be against abortion in Estonia.
Salaries in countries like Switzerland and Norway would be nice
Some horrible ones from Estonia:
That's kinda it, really
We do however learn quite a bit about the periods of the histories of these countries, when they were in control of Estonia, but again - less so for Poland and Denmark.
lots of Asians coming to see the old town, bunch of Russians, and then there's a general mix of Europeans and Americans.
aww stop it you
Is she going to tour the battlegrounds in Donbass as well?
Oh I didn't know that for some reason.
And Lihula is actually a town, it has the highest EKRE-voting share of all Estonia
Plus [Kohtla-Järve]ärve&oq=kohtla-järve&gs_l=img.3..0l3j0i30k1l2j0i24k1l5.2693.2967.0.3255.2.2.0.0.0.0.72.139.2.2.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.2.137...0i7i30k1.Idb2_yBDUH4) is pretty darn grim..
Says the guy who didn't get the joke
It's cool and all, but it's sort of overrepresented as it's just a cooperation group between the parliaments.
There are more than the two you mentioned and they are all doable, just not that profitable o certain politicians.
Russians
It's the densest international ferry line in the world with quite huge ships, which themselves have large stores and pubs on them
Sort of the traditional Estonian version of Halloween.
We capitalize place names, but not languages, nor ethnic groups.
Oh yeah
So a bunch of kids, 1 with blindfold, would climb around an old iron structure
You just hold your “Ühiskaart” against a chip reader to validate your free trip
Pretty much like that all over Eastern Europe
Getting closer with Russia is within the interests of oligarchs and poor old fucks who just don't know any better.
I've seen many people on Reddit call Estonia by it's Estonian name Eesti, which at first i thought wad weird, but now i've gotten used to.
Read about him - even other colonial powers like UK were shocked at how awful things were in Congo
Depends what you study
I messed up the word, I meant grammatical cases.
Referendum was organized with masked gunmen standing on every street corner.
What an odd inclusion of Uzbekistan.
Ida-Virumaa has a problem with crime and a problem with urban decay, more so than rest of Estonia, of course
It's political suicide only and only if the voters do not support it.
From what I've seen they have rural poverty and unemployment problems, the city can barely take all the inner immigrant there, that's why they are worried about economic slowdown, that will surely affect the wellbeing of these new immigrants.
Dude, isn't he the only MEP, who has ever worked in his life?
It's not
The way you constructed that sentence feels so disinctly Russian.
Worth it
That's for sure, but does it really relate to something that I wrote?
Those many people live faaaaaaaaaaar away from Russia.
It was placed in the archives of the Estonian National Museum during the Soviet occupation, but then it was secretly swapped for a replica by the members of the student organization and the original was hidden inside a farm chimney until the very end of the Soviet occupation.
As Estonia didn't have its own currency at the time and the Soviet rouble had crashed, many relied on the Finnish markka for their savings and many rushed to exchange their bills
Russia and America both gave assurances they wouldn't try to force border changes on Ukraine if Ukraine gives up their nukes.
Reindeer meat sauce with potatoes I had once in Sweden was great, much better than our regular minced meat sauce
Not that often, usually when travelling, Latvia is quite far away form my town (100km) and Riga (with activites) is even futher to make it worth to drive for no reason
Not only English but pretty much the whole world
As racism is a social construct, so is race.
It's definitely the nr
There was a huge housing crisis up to and including the 70s - my mother grew up in a communal apartment, 11 people per 3 rooms (3 families)
This is what I've been using
And what are their chances to win?
city traffic is terrifying too, havent tried riding there yet, i usually ride on the sidewalks and go for longer trips into the forest or to these special rollerblading/bicycling roads
Yea its amazing, to stand there knowing that the red army could be sent to stop you, kill you if they must, absolutely terrifying to think about
They fought due to their stupidly on thinking that Communism is a good thing.
The pro-Russian Centre Party promised 6% economic growth per year.
His father had oriental roots, but it's not clear what ethnicity exactly
We probably would if we were as rich as Luxembourg.
The singing revolution
I read 'sink' as the Estonian word for 'ham' instead of well the kitchen sink
The Forum was a bit better as it was larger and not so crowded.
Went to see it a few days ago - have to say it was pretty amazing, I definitely didn't expect something that good.
Otherwise Latvia is a bus territory, while Lithuania is already a bit too far for that to be comfortable
And are the default pancakes [small (one-spoonful) pancakes] or [big (over-the-pan) pancakes] I think the majority is used to big pancakes
But not an official regional language I imagine.
[Our police mostly just attacks kids for having a spliff
We have it in Estonia
- 14 (Si) - Räni
Considering that the main highways I drive on here everyone goes at least 10 kph over the limit either I'll see a lot of cars on the side of the road or nothing will change :/
Even trading with Russia will shrink at one point, because Europe is actively trying to impose alternative, renewable energy.
I don't think it has to be from your independence period.
Maybe there's a way to delay the technical leaving
Tartu, Estonia - often take long walks alone, including at night
Only 7 countries have income tax rate of 10% and lower in Europe
- Kumu Art Museum (Tallinn)
I recommend degrees that will allow remote work
I know it, because I lived in a small flat with loads of family members, and I know people in such social circle
Any small town will do (like 10 000-20 000 people small)
And it still tastes better than Pepsi.
I do not supporst any gender quotas and I don’t think that all women who get any position should be celebrated as heros as it is done
This is often just met with "lol if you can't follow the rules, then your business shouldn't exist". There's no desire to even understand *why* some of these rules are difficult to deal with
I'd like to argue against the other Estonians - going to Palanga may be rare, but almost everyone has done it at least once
Oh sure
No, at least as far as I know
It doesn't make sense to do a driving test once and it's valid for your whole life
For me the personally most valuable items are:
It is sung in the Hiiu version of the islands dialect, which has sort of died out, although the local language still retains many differences from Standard Estonian.
It’s quite common and normal to be single and be focused on your career instead
By the way, if you are a fan of graffiti tagging, that's fine!
I'd rather die in a ditch somewhere than in a hospital like this
Well it is with one *n* in Russian, so that can be a thing, sometimes
This hurts, quite sad
You mean the Centre Party, it doesn't make them centrists.
Definitely not too emotional :D
Palestinians are ethnically Arab so they can live literally anywhere in the Arab world.
We should have an awesome name, something in Latin like - Federatia Union Constutitonale Kommunom of Feira Fassus
It's still an immigrant population.
A weird thing in Estonian is we have this thing called "Little I" that makes words sound childish
We cut it to slices like cake and then eat it with mustard.
Proportions matter, not just total numbers...
Well, you can rent for as low as 250 eur a studio or room in a flat, or you can splurge a 1500 for some fancy big flat in city center
Do you understand how high 3.2 is for an average pupil?
So is this heatwave directly caused by climate change or is it just contributing
Most non-Tallinner Estonians dislike Tallinn, while currently driving towards Tallinn :)
And when buying groceries I will also go by car, because
It is more or less died out though, the only really active Estonian communities are all in Western countries, with Swedish and English (US and Canada) accents being the most common.
i like bicycling, and i bicycled a lot as a kid, but honestly im still not very good at switching gears unfortunately
I very much disagree mate, if you want to learn any other language besides English you better move to a country that speaks it, using duolingo or whatever on its own is useless, you almost immediately forget everything once you pause
Have a look at the floor plan of [these apartments] for example
We have the same joke about Estonians.
I usually carry the compulsory [electronic ID-card]
You can buy monthly tickets to other places as well, but these are for specific trips, for example between Tallinn and Tartu, which would cost you 213 euros
>Also, no offense, but Lasnamäe is indeed sketchy as hell, but oh,well, at least it's not Kopli
or the "Minecraft Classic Medieval"
You yourself said that it was a "very fair" comparison, so does this mean you agree with Putin on his argumentation?
Our view of Russia is quite neutral
They speak seto dialect there , a normal Estonian can't understand that language at all
Seriously though, the country as a whole is pretty sparsely populayed, but small enough that no place is really sufficiently distant to be considered "middle of nowhere".
I can't remember the other one
Yeah, it's us who are annoying them...
I have not met one as I don't know any
Do you think [this place] has wifi?
i wouldnt change a thing
There are only a few places where winds are strong enough for it to be worth installing wind turbines.
Sometimes when I am writing a longer text or if I am speaking with a bigger group of people I use "he" instead of "she" or vice versa
He visited Estonia for the first time in 1984, when he was 31
russians finally gaining estonian citizenship after living here for 50 years
Inside Europe from the places I've been to myself Slovakia felt quite similar to home overall
What's up with Estonia is a better question
It's a terrible memorial, no wonder people do this.
How absurd that while you are free to and even encouraged to buy goods from another member state, but then you can't actually do the environmentally reasonable thing and return them to the system
Like Lembit, Koit, Kalju for men and Tuuli, Luule, Kaja for women
Apparently Estonia really can't into Nordic.
Never heard of that
In Estonia, depending on the radio channel, 50%-80% of songs are in English.
that if they don't take people's concerns seriously then they will simply be voted out of office
Christian means he is sort of unintelligent as he believes in things that have no evidence to support them.
I wonder how accurate the methodology is.
The rest of the time it's just dark, pitch dark from 3 PM.
Ukraine wont be accepted into any international organisations while there is a war going on on its soil, thus it can be leaned towards Russia.
but the thing that bothers me the most, is when i'm reading a thread and suddenly everyone is talking about something that i have no idea wtf is and there's no explanation
So whatever stereotype exists for Finnish, it probably exists for Estonian as well.
I drink three glasses of coffee and at midnight I'd be staring at the ceiling...
Rich and bountiful soil
Can "**a** nation" be composed of "nation**s**" even?
I kinda wanna believe in conspiracy theories that it was sunk on purpose by Russian spies since it had old soviet guns on the ship and they were on a route to US through Sweden
I'd just like to get to know a little bit more about what other countries think of these countries.
The estonian for dragon is either "draakon" or "lohe".
Wikipedia says Portugal has 33k in active service.
You don't decide anything, your vote in the Estonian so-called elections mean nothing
If you look at the map, then the striped areas are ridiculously overrepresented.
The only real cost is buying and setting up the hardware and maintaining it once in a while.
Another typical Estonian christmas drink is *glögi*.
No daily corruption though, can't buy off the police and so on
I don't dislike Erasmus, but you are overblowing its significance by a mile - "it brings the people of the EU closer together than almost anything else the EU could do".
I don't understand how it's acceptable in liberal democracies
I mean, who chooses red colour branding in the country that basically hates the colour red??
Around 20-25% of the population are russians i live in estonia
Combine that with wind and storage, should work out fine
It was a normal bike - I ride in the countryside too.
Swedish - so with a background of English and some German, not exactly the hardest thing in the world.
Hungarian: what
Luckily it is reversed for the younger generations.
And no one knows what to do in this situation.
I wonder if it would have been possible for a German from 1919 to think Germany stayed the same from then until now, and not know about the second world war
I like that people are reserved and they don’t put up a fake smile or engage in random small talks, and that they respect your personal space
Don't speak if you've got nothing to say, especially with a stranger.
Silmad, kõrvad, suu ja nina ka
And ORAV in Estonian
Banks in my country offer them in additional to the main pension
Iceland, with the finer questions in life
And made the continent bigger, more influential and safer as it created a rich buffer zone between Western Europe and what is past Eastern Europe.
I have always liked the early history of both the United States and Canada, both when they were colonies and when they were independent.
And to finish off the Finno-Ugric gang
This is a dilemma for a dictator - if they kill him in prison it would send only one signal - that he is afraid of Navalnyi even in captivity
Yet the man from Senegal was called a refugee.
The only gift they'd be getting is my water pistol
Merisiga- sea pig (guineapig) <-- noidea if thats how its spelled
"Nagu vanajumajala seljataga" /behind the ol'Gods back/ - in a safe place
Next year he maybe rides 21km and there's again news:
There's [ukrfreedomfund.org] and [more]#arvlbdata).
If nothing changes, I guess Svalbard is my only chance to survive
my favourite parts were the 'old town' which consists of one block of buildings from *maybe* the late 1800s, the Stalin statue in front of a government building, and the posters saying ["I love Belarus!"] everywhere.
Pesukaru - washing bear (raccoon)
Why am I not surprised that a SJW jumped the gun on this...
I grew up mainly at the countryside and therefore am used to using this a lot
Isn't that the definition of European?
Estonian is pretty easy in this category, we only have very few exeptions like
Why fucking believe what you are saying ?
Estonia's independence and sovereignty are timeless and inalienable
Basically just Estonians, but there are some older minorities, who we are really OK with, like Coastal Swedes and the Russian Orthodox Old Believer communities (i.e.
You seriously think they weren't?
The direct translation word for word would be, "Bullet flight path tunnel hatch
We are only "milk white skinned" because we don't receive enough sunlight for most of the year
Ee sounds like the Dutch Twin of [Aa] :)
This is something obvious that we never had.
I'm sorry, but this ultra fast internet everywhere shit is an exaggeration.
If this really happens the consequences will far outweigh any potential ones for Brexit.
An Estonian girl was visiting her Estonian friend.
What if I am an intelligent person, who can't be chill with unintelligent people?
That's pretty controversial, yeah.
Mu isamaa on minu arm (my homeland is my love)
That over-the-top politeness might be a customer service thing, while over-the-top friendliness can be generalized for the entire population.
" meaning yes because that's how my mom did it
Especially as it was a very spontaneous trip and I really didn't know too much about Portugal before that
but we definitely don't have any heatwave
They rarely create opinionated articles themselves, rather offer some public figure to offer their opinion on the public platform.
Also, [Finnish Infantry Regiment 200]
Mood
Do similar languages have similar accents?
Russians moved to Estonia and Latvia illegally during an illegal foreign occupation.
We also have Limpa limonade here, very good
Ninasarvik - nosehorn (rhino)
Although the people of the DDR had forfeited the confidence of the East German government and could win it back only by redoubled efforts.
Are you saying Estonia is moist
"Valmis või mitte, siit ma tulen"
Frostpunk: below -30
Do you instantly recognize the Russian variant spoken by the local Russians outside Russia, like for example in Estonia and Latvia?
Just some rambling thoughts, it's late:
Enamasti kui see oli kasutusel oli see naise nimi
It's not taboo to talk about it, but if you praise Stalin for example you will get stares and people will be mad at you
On the right side of the subreddit (just under the join/leave button) there's a possibility to edit your "flair".
Are they really shoving it in your face tho, they are just walking around.
For a long time, there were Gypsy-looking "deaf people" walking around the streets and asking donations for deaf institutions.
From what I have read from the military guys who post here from time to time then with the modern weapons it wouldn't work like it did with WW2 that your back home churns out new weapons and the fighting is restricted to front.
no russia and latvia
6) Android app that ties to your prepaid card and used NFC on your phone along with special SIM card
Im noticing the same thing there, I like to lurk but when I think about it there's basically nothing said there that I could see on my country
Yeah it was way below minimum wage, but that wasn't really the problem - it was enough to visit home and go out partying on weekends.
Any parties before midgnight are considered for kids
Latvia also kind of messes with your nerves with their road quality.
Just don't drag us into it again...
The latter is often the extremely strong Estonian mustard.
Maybe the restaurants in the town hall square, they're just very expensive
We probably got it from you or russians
He came back when Estonia gained independence
While in that scheme there is not much to report about
That may be true, but does your original comment apply in these regions?
Around 6 diffrent apples
The corresponding Estonian myths were only half-complete, so the Estonian national epic [Kalevipoeg] is mostly a work of fiction.
Hey, most of Northern Europe is actually very socially left in concepts like healthcare, but it is almost taboo to recognise this for some people
Notable exceptions would be Cešis - Võnnu and Pskov -Pihkva
Plus, read what it's all about:
Same here, I usually won't bother watchin videos
- 26 (Fe) - Raud
B I G   U K R A I N E
:)))
"Their leader, Christian Lindner(FDP), said last week that the best way forward is for Greece to leave the eurozone, and for Greek debt to be forgiven afterwards."
My Russian classes were pretty fun.
kortsud/kortsut: est
These are ethno-linguistic groups, so these ethnicities are defined by language
Superstitions aren't often tied to deeper culture (unlike the bread example) and they change quickly over time.
Estonian youth on a massive scale avoids learning Russian as much as they can.
Kurat
It would be awesome if someone were to actually test them and show the public what they really are
oh, and i guess also using the correct tense, since we have much fewer tenses in general and no future tense at all
i see the picture, turn around and go finish my food
This is just gay marriage
That’s like saying Versailles is tacky
Yea it has been said for a long time that change in the east only comes through revolutions
Indeed, and we don't really consider them regular Estonians either, they are what we call "Abroad Estonians" (*väliseestlased*), or more specifically "Canadian Estonians" or "American Estonians", while they call Estonians in Estonia "Home Estonians" (*kodueestlased*).
revolutions can work sometimes but there is no actual "How to regime change" law book so every time it works differently
Positive surprise
But a lot of them probably won't, because the radical ones might be their relatives, or friends.
Many are russified Ukrainians aswell.
I would say TRAD
You're supposedly someone who knows about military things.
Estonia basically always, why
In Estonia everybody has the national flag
As an alternative "conspiracy" this could be it
Cool now I can brag how much better we are than Latvia and all the other countries ranked lower than ESTONIA
Anyone who can keep their thought process longer than just 5 seconds would understand that this is not just about heritage or skin colour.
IMHO, so far this has allowed for several cases were presidents tried to consolidate even more power using their de jure and de facto influence to sway officials, attempt go rig the elections and install something similar to Belarus and Russia in Ukraine (those were Kuchma and Yanukovych), in both cases they were only stopped due to the power of public outrage that led to revolutions (Orange Revolution in 2004 and Revolution of Dignity/Maidan in 2013-14)
That child grew up and told the same story to his/her children.
Our flag was definitely not, nor was our state
Not really underground, but they all have like a hundred members in total, with alumni, so they are indeed small if compared to the total Polish student population.
Yes
That's a bit universal to every website unfortunately lol
Just 100
The meteorite impact event that created the [Kaali crater] may just be the only one to have happened in a populated area in the entire recorded history.
" and everyone else at the table agreed
I don't understand this hate and patronizing attitude against less educated people at all.
In Estonia if a Russian got elected, it would ruffle some feathers
Yes, it *currently* is largely populated by Russians, but it historically has also been Danish and Swedish.
Or is the point that the drop by one place is newsworthy in Finland?
I assume you've visited over here, how is it compared to Scotland?
By the way, the Estonian Õ and the Russian Ы are phonetically different letters, but the Bulgarian Ъ is indeed similar to the Estonian Õ.
Thank you for uploading it for the second time.
In nõmme for example where it comes from deep ground water the taste is really good in my experience but in the city center where it comes from ülemiste it is a bit more chlorinated taste
As a civilian, the hard part is finding the time and self-discipline to lose weight and get yourself into shape in the first place; maintaining weight and basic muscle tone after you've "succeeded" in getting into shape isn't hard.
To which Ratas would meekly agree that "this is unacceptable blah blah", both validating the criticism and making himself look weak and hypocritical
And everything I tried in Hesburger was inferior to McDonalds in my opinion anyway
It gathered 300,000 people, which was basically every third ethnic Estonian.
I think you have to go very deep into semantics to find things not right about this thread.
Tallinn our capital mostly low iq people
Every season has still been watched by more than 10% of Estonians...
This is not the consenquence of Maidan.
This reminds us that "My parents want to kick me out at 18" and "I have to pay rent to my parents for living at home" are some of the "I'm too european to understand this problem" that we can read about here on reddit, on the subreddits where americans post
Too bad that I am shit in drawing
I mean if the American didn't speak Spanish and the Spaniard couldn't speak English it would be a logical backup option to communicate in French
It's not like most people using that monthly train pass would also travel to Finland with it
They did willingly destroy some, like [this orthodox church] in Tallinn for example.
Up to this day more Estonians speak Russian than Russians speak Estonian.
Atleast that's what I've heard
They've had a few songs ever since.
There are so many proofs of Russians fighting in Ukraine already, for example Russian troops are posting about it on social media.
They should integrate it with literature, history, social studies and maths etc
Most likely [Saaremaa] Island with its beautiful marshy beaches and juniper shores.
Why would I consider the Nazis worse personally if none of my ancestors suffered under their rule, but more than half of my ancestors alive at that time were directly persecuted by the Soviets?
Something tells me that people from Asturias are pretty cocky bastards right now
"Petseri County had previously been part of the Guberniya of Pskov, and belonged to Estonia in 1920–1944
>can be a bomb during vaccine development
So I can shit diarrhea and sell it as CocaCola?
Too extroverted for me, I guess
Our ballot paper looks like [this] Doesn't really matter, I mostly vote online.
It is that rare event
Believing a fairy tale is just a small part of being religious.
At least that's how it was for me.
- 1 (H) - Vesinik
wedding / fin
It's not about cutting the line
Those who support this outcome are delusional if they think every single Leave voter is going to accept this.
> [In 2012 total electricity generated in nuclear power plants in Russia was 177
Seems like 128 countries need to pay 100 trillion now
Our Internet is slower than yours if I remember correctly.
Houses - literally 350sq m mansion with 6 bedrooms, sauna and garage
To me it looks like a regular city
We will not qualify like always
They even call it Seto country
And yet there are political parties in Estonia who dont think that
The machines also have payment option, if you haven't paid online
IIRC some Qataris just bought Russian oil producers.
Also, as the old town has many pubs and restaurants, it really isn't the calmest place to live - very few locals would actively look for a place to live in in the old town
You just need to adapt to NOT being a jerk and just learn to live with others.
You really think we wouldn't???
In the towns and the empty countryside it's relatively safe - towns have many bikeways to get around and they are widely used.
Best to take a look at English articles (or German in case of ww1 and ww2) and compare them
Third: we also go to the forest regurlarly to pick mushrooms (idk how common it is in other places)
Well, but what constitutes a "people"?
Now it's rare
Nowadays considered a misconception.
but the thing that bothers me the most, is when i'm reading a thread and suddenly everyone is talking about something that i have no idea wtf is and there's no explanation
The king of Belgium denounced the bruralities committed in the Kongo last year:
The federation cannot be achieved through democracy.
The EU isn't forcing any country to accept immigrants or refugees.
I mean I also think that Finnish isn't exactly a nice sounding language, but it's not like Swedish is any better at all, it sounds like a bunch of alcoholics at 7am hugging their toilet bowls
Positively in general, but she was sort of unknown before being elected.
Now for the EU part: its not a military organization but all its members, especially Eurozone is very ingrained and in many ways act more like a country than a union of countries
We also have a word that means the same thing: paras.
Yeah, same here, over here the mentality of "Russia bad" was really strong (understandably) for like the first two decades after independence, so there is a generation who knows really little about Russia, other than it's poor and drunk
Doesn't germany have the most beautiful old architecture
We have some polish products
She apparently broke a France law(a stupid one) but she did it.
And it does not count - as you made it sound - as having some sort of special right to carry a gun on the street for self defence - we don't have a law like that
Sorry, but you certainly can't find anything like [this] in your average European city
How many countries do you think have a stereotype for a small nation?
They searched my shit too, hadn't had that happen since going to Russia in 2007
I mean in Estonia we're still using shale oil to power our life bc it's cheaper than buying electricity/building any new powerplants that use different fuels (nuclear, coal, what have you)
You can be charged even for having an open bottle in your hands
The concept of such a wide coalition is just alien for me, I can't imagine them agreeing on much.
There is just no plausible way to know for sure.
Perhaps *[Petseri tsura ja Hiitola ätt] by Justament, a late 80s song about Estonian and Finnish territories stolen by the Soviet Union, and about our complicated relations with the "shitty neighbor".
In Tallinn we don't have a river and our central station is owned by drunk homeless people and not pigeons so
If they don't bother you more than I absolutely need - that's a bloody good customer service.
Metsatöll - Küü
They are too late, if our current dumb government tries to step out of the project they have to pay steep fees
"Nordic" is a cultural and a political term not related to genetics, using that as an argument is racist in that context.
Obviously you don't start from scratch like we do.
Political crisis in Estonia: motion of no confidence against PM Rõivas Wed., Center Party predicted to take seat
I think closest to nowhere are the areas around the coast of Peipus as most of Ida-Virumaa and Võrumaa have stores, schools etc
Do not say that, you don't know how people can interpret that
Also none of these remarks would be considered illegal if not said that publicly.
It's "ätt"!
Why is the north coast of Aegean sea, the North-West, and the central mainland Greece so empty?
Roughly, but this is still not a direct correlation.
They are not meant to stop the Russian forces from advancing, few countries have such strong armies.
Was a nice ride
Christmas card from the President of Estonia 2016
The EU standards that the whole world enjoys?
Also congratulations to our southern sisters for winning us this time
It will take weeks until it's cleaned up.
What is that last one supposed to be?
Said me not giving her much attention (Yeah)
Except when Russia does it, right?
May have misunderstood what exactly he meant by this.
Well right to self-determination is peremptory norm of international law.
So, I can't answer people on Reddit anymore?
You can be well off in your country but if you don't live in western Europe then traveling can be pretty difficult and I imagine that Estonia is pretty well off in that regard anyway
Public transport is in most cases free in Estonia
It should show percentages, not hectares because smaller countries with more forestation (like Estonia) shows as a little dot, but actually we're at 52%.
>Let’s see, 33% of $40k per year
Whatever is official in Galicia, isn't actually Portuguese or is it?
Sibelius
I never understood how their employers allowed it, but most people working nearby worked in banks
Yet it was communism that created the sharp and deep divide.
There was also Russian army arresting and beating Georgian officials.
000 remaining about 55% had Estonian citizenship, while about 25% have Russian citizenship and 20% are stateless
Rather arbitrary way of defining geographical regions, don't you think?
Lets see
How do you think we got what we have
But it's fun either way
Russian online propaganda is slowly starting to do its work.
Some Russian gamer living in Estonia.
Young Estonians rarely speak Finnish, but it's common for their parents to speak it in Northern Estonia.
Hydrogen - Voden' (Water-thing)
A piece of shit acts like it, who would've thunk it
Hey, Soviet Russia was Orwell's main inspiration for that concept
Podgorica, rest of Montenegro is really nice though
London is probably divided by Pakistan, India, and several African and Arab countries.
Especially older generations
I mean, I've seen the variation with almond paste around so it's not like it completely doesn't exist.
To a degree, like there's this from Tallinn and outside Tallinn sentiment where people in Tallinn more or less equate the entire country with Tallinn, yet people outside Tallinn don't have strong feelings about the capital.
The data doesn't back your argument up
You are overestimating how well most of the rest of the world is living...
It's often said, altough it's quite interesting as the direct quote seems to have a meaning that hard work will pay off and not to give up
We've had a functioning military since our independence.
What if your country is suddenly filled with 85% of people with undeniably non-native culture, yet they were all born here.
And then Bolshevik Russia invaded.
I just want to know if this is fast compared to other users in other countries
Well, recently on the front page there was a post about 3 Democrat 'justices' who are all about to drop dead.
Well neither were the other languages like Chinese, Korean and Japanese that were featured on other maps like this.
Nailed it with estonian existential depression
I really don't think it is, especially it's pronounced in an American way - "Yeah"
an old minority among the mostly newer Russian minority).
like a LOT
Well it certainly ain't for keeping the birds away.
We used to be very good at cross-country skiing, now it look like freestyle skiing will bring us medals.
i had no idea it was from here
I would hate the society but I guess there would be less starvation on the right than the left.
Fit in where and what exactly is expensive?
How do you explain that haha
Standing outside, thinking how cool would it be to work there
I wouldn't say I am that much worried, rather baffled by the IRL to actually prefer the Centre Party over Reform and baffled how IRL could survive in a left-wing coalition like that, how that coalition could be kept together and how on earth would any conservatives still vote for IRL after such move...
An individual must be able to work and have a valid source of income.
Same happened here
Also one of the most memorable games in our Footballing history are against you
I did it and it was fab
Exporting nuclear technology is not going to replace the major export industries, demand for mined resources is likely to grow, while demand for fossil fuels is likely to drop
Or is she just digging her own grave by praising Russia/Putin?
Two Saare men ask a Hiiu man to join them for fishing.
When it comes to North Africa, then it is somewhat covered in history classes and social studies, but mainly in its relations to Europe
Chernobyl 2 TV Series confirmed
I liked Bergen a lot
I think we should show America where its place is in global politics!
Can someone give me a quick summary of what's going on
This is a lot better than McDonalds
of course, his name sounds greek, the music style sounds idek like what but not estonian and the country's name sounds slavic
The same issue extends to page 3252, you asshole!
He wrote: “How will we ever achieve good integration if it is stated in advance that your ethnic background prohibits you from being considered Danish?
Referendums should be applied for two types of questions:
It is not like I cannot remember the difference, ofc I know it
Päike=Sun
Yes but you liked it here so much that you came here six times.
It's probably the most common police vehicle, the most recognisable anyway
Rents a flat
This is actually spot-on lol
You are confusing me with another commentator.
In his defense, McDonald's can be quite an unpopular sight in [any historical neighborhood] regardless if religious or not.
later
Only one person from my old class knew it, everyone else thought he was mad
Maybe we could give you some that are currently not inhabited
Did you know that Estonians use the same word (*viin*) for both Vienna and vodka?
These people are very affected by external influences and probably would be less inclined to vote for the best interest of the country they live in
I have to agree with you, when I was a wee lad so around 15 years ago our language was far less affected by English than it is now
This sign would make your home office a lot more inspirational
Aitäh teile/Teile (plural/formal)
They last as usual from late November to late March-early April
Think how many enclaves France has :S
Narva, the old city and pretty much everything was destroyed by the soviets
Also, pretty ironic to hear that from swede, when 75% of adult swedes invest in funds
I use a pizza cutter
Some Finnish and Estonian dialects use more cases (up to 17 in Finnish
This thread is over a week old and I've explained how kulaks are a group like 3 times in this thread.
We were occupied by the Soviet Union.
You can't even learn English on an Estonian base on Duolingo, so i guess that it's mostly Russians who use it to learn English.
yeah with that name, I have a feeling OP isn't actually posting this just because he's outraged by sexism
Oh my god I read that totally wrong and I was proper confused
pulmad/pulmat: est
"But there is no reason to think he wants more."
I just checked this railway line on google maps and it definitely is not 3h of nothingess
To summarize: call people by their real names and you'll be more or less OK.
Aww hell nah
We had [so many good designs]ños.jpg) to choose from (with no.
It is sort of the passionate beginning of romantic love only.
yeah, i mean those
French and German are relatively popular as most brighter kids want at least one other foreign language besides English.
Nice: 10 to 18
The current middle aged generation was the one to protest against the pro-Soviet regimes, but the current older generation had little to do with it.
If you look at world history, such things have happened before and they will most likely happen again.
It's really not [that complicated]
By the response I got there's plenty of people in Estonia who prefer the name Estland and would support changing it in English
Because Trump's election influences Europe..
>from 1900-1920
French is also similar in that sense and a large reason why English sounds the way it does, especially if compared to other Germanic languages
I've forgotten most I've read about Tunisia by now and and I don't think I've ever really known anything specific about Libya
It's still quite popular among Estonians.
My empirical evidence suggests this map is total horse manure
Part of the public was angry at first when it was banned, but I can't imagine someone even suggesting to return it now.
Attempt the deportation of millions of illegal immigrants
With current Russian and EU politics there is a "whos cock is bigger" game anyway
I really can't call someone Danish who can't even speak Danish.
Alliance with Nazis was an expansion plan for the Soviet Union too
I mean, I did it once more when I was in Paris again, but still :D
I just want to say what I've heard from many people in Estonia, both Estonian and Russian, when speaking about this - until Greeks have Estonian level of wages and pensions it's hard for them to feel pity, especially since Estonia was also helping Greece.
ty, gonna have a nice night reading these
That's totally different perspective
> Several are at 10 and under 15%.
I think Finnish is a very sensible language.
(Might be because when we were being occupied by the russians we had to secretly keep our nationality alive somehow) But everybody buts a flag out on our independence day and whenever there’s some kind of war related memorial date
Founded 102 years ago today, restored independence on the 20th of August 1991
She seems to search for solutions - even if there might not be very good ones available - and accept differing viewpoints.
Also at faster speeds you inhale a little too much cold air for it to be enjoyable.
I'm fairly certain it's the second
Even his IQ, which is often brought up as a comparison for anyone really smart today, was nothing exceptional.
It was no Sandstorm but honestly that song is better than at least 50% of the crap at Eurovision these days, I'd put it in the top 20% probably actually for that year
Thing is that in the Estonian context absolutely nobody calls them Teutons.
mõtlesin isegi mingi CC peale visata (isegi kommentaarides märkisin vist), aga see tundus natuke overkillina.
But even then he must allow access to certain objects like water bodies for example.
What I consider to be the worst is waking up, commuting to my work in total darkness, working indoors, and commuting home in total darkness.
The mass deportation of 1941 was explained as evacuation of civilians because of war
It's counter-intuitive perhaps, but using a scarf or some other cloth to breath through while running in the cold, could easily damage your health.
Well, we usually like to joke about the islanders and their petty in-fighting between the different islands
If she is the disaster that everyone is talking about, then the tide will swing his way, away from the far right, the right and to the left.
That depends a lot upon what are your criteria
Wait, this is not allowed
Yeah we may be similar to Finns in language/culture, but our looks are quite distinctly different
You just hold your “Ühiskaart” against a chip reader to validate your free trip
Interesting fact: in Russian it is the same - Дания (Danija)
Honestly, if you were the creator of some technology-oriented thing like a website or application then I do not see why you would keep it in Europe
Amazing how you people think of countries like pieces of paper Russia would burn through.
And don't act offended if things in the country you're visiting work differently from your home country
Does that make sense
my mother used to work garbage sorting when I was a child
When Twitter goes under, I'll be looking forward to politicians joining ClubPenguin.
Do many Brits celebrate Saint Patrick's day?
M/S Estonia
American series assume people in the Baltics are just Russian and give them a mega thick Russian accent or use some random words, turn them into a song and say  that the song is about how a dog loses its virginity (brooklyn99)
My oh my How brutal the Estonians were to the russians
Also [a map of firearms in Europe] actually it looks like it is **Sweden** that has the most firearms per capita (hunting, not carrying them on the streets)
- It is a fact that it was against international law;
This is exactly my position as well.
As an Estonian
It's dark in the morning anyway
So yeah, it's damn cold here
We managed to gain independence and we will be able to preserve it.
The Soviets invaded us first - they were undeniably the bad guys in the war.
It just sounds so harsh and like sandpaper to my ears xd
How else would he secure the votes of the Russian voters?
Can understand Finnish sometimes in writing, but not without issues
The UK receives £2
We say "spikker" which means a secret tool, usually a piece of paper containing info to look or write off of during a test
Rents a flat
You are a NATO member, Baltic Air Policing is a NATO mission...
You are effectively controlled by America
And this is only from a perspective of other countries actually having the will to cooperate with Russia
Only the president can name them.
I have a choice of buying something way cheaper from a grocery store next door, but I still want to support the small local businesses
It can be called something like "snowish" as well
You have to put a -d (ööd) at the back if you want to say good night in Estonian (head ööd)
Appology accepted as you seem so nice
We have a radio show like this and the callers usually fit the same criteria.
If you go over 21-40km/h of the speedlimit, then you must wait 60min
I like that we have four seasons, incredibly beautiful coastline, forests and lakes
Can anyone explain to me the history and reason for that archway thing being in the middle of the city
It is just guys taking part of a drill and then taking a picture for memento.
You mean intonation differences.
IMHO, so far this has allowed for several cases were presidents tried to consolidate even more power using their de jure and de facto influence to sway officials, attempt go rig the elections and install something similar to Belarus and Russia in Ukraine (those were Kuchma and Yanukovych), in both cases they were only stopped due to the power of public outrage that led to revolutions (Orange Revolution in 2004 and Revolution of Dignity/Maidan in 2013-14)
Russian president is bound to be a dictator, since he/she has the power over government, State Duma, and the court system in Russia.
English is also related to Albanian, but this doesn't mean they are closely related or that they are noticeably similar.
You are making it look like Estonians and Latvians are ethnically related, which they are not, regardless of any genetic similarities
I really, *really* cannot agree with you
But europe needs less left wing and more right wing touch at the moment in my opinion
"Meatballs" (*lihapallid*) are rather larger and you eat them on the side of dishes.
Pretty sure there's no difference
The weirdest thing i have seen tho is a dude looking like he barely has money for clothes and shaving cream  and driving a brand new S class Mercedes
Looks pretty, has a great acquarium, 92 years of motor racing history, interesting palace
I'm just thinking of ways to get it here for a reasonable price.
The total area burned in Australia this season is about 4
We also have a short movie about their culture:
Pane tähele, ma tõmban sulle otsa peale sellise täpsusega, mida pole varem maailmas nähtud.
Forgetting the Soviet occupation?
So just because a person gets conscripted into an SS unit he is by default non equal to a person who got conscripted into a Soviet unit
I’m Estonian Estonian
To be fair, less than a century ago both were a part of the same empire
I can do that with my debit card.
Others were just occupied without asking local population, as with Samoa.
Considering I left archaic cases out, would you say Faroese should have 4 or 3?
In nõmme for example where it comes from deep ground water the taste is really good in my experience but in the city center where it comes from ülemiste it is a bit more chlorinated taste
LPT: When an article from a major newspaper or news organization is behind a paywall, go to and search the same article by its title there.
Sounds about like over here, though I'll take out my warm winter jacket maybe a few degrees earlier, just wear extra lighter clothing under it
Oh yes, the Ukrainian transcription has caused arguments in many countries.
These polls are often outlets for people to lash out because of their dissatisfaction.
Haha
Anyone with a spine would do
It depends on a lot of factors, wind especially
I understand the rest to a degree, but linguistically the comparison is rather stupid.
Even if we move slightly outside it the options are even better
Remember: we need to focus on further antagonising the US & Donald Trump (Europe's strongest ally) instead of focusing on the real threat.
It's as if these people didn't notice..
Danish does sound like shit tbh
More like 30% in the city and another 10% in the metropolitan area.
BRB gonna load a cart full of dirt on top of our mountain.
China is not the one protesting these things in Europe
Sorry, but you certainly can't find anything like [this] in your average European city
Estonia is great but I've thought of moving to Finland because it's close and culturaly similar
I think the reason behing re-introducing entrance exam in Medicine was the fact, that on some years, the national exams happen to be easier than on others and entrance exam gives more equal opportunity for all students, as some take a gap year etc
And that's why Estonian sounds a bit weird to Finns and Hungarians.
Some of the bottle machines might have some places to put non-refundable cans/bottles, but people are not really motivated to do it
Sauce
And if you have problems with disproving (or atleast that is what you think you are doing) something, then you say that america has done the same.
Big boys like Russia can make their own decisions
Yes
>I'm sorry but I think the EU should sanction Estonia over this
And why is the US any better, may I ask
Not shown on the map because we need to show that Liechtenstein doesn't have data.
look
I mean it's not that they're not really nice it's just they are extremely comfortable
Most likely west from Ingria, but whatever...
So she can't really complain about it now and she doesn't.
I guess that's one way of looking at it
Yeah, well, I don't think anyone here finds it impractical..
The vast amount of more or less empty land, so many rebellions, wars with the natives etc.
If I didn't consume 95% of my media in English I'd never have learned to speak it and I'd forget it it within a few years
I actually linked to this in the OP, but I suck at formatting so let's see if it works now: [Court refuses case against labour leaders for anti-Moroccan speech]
The "buffer zone" you are talking about is in an entirely different context.
Your statement above is also factually correct, I don't dispute that.
I don't know how much power does the Latvian president has, but Estonian president is not *that* ceremonial.
I know it, because I lived in a small flat with loads of family members, and I know people in such social circle
ahahahhahahahaha
Learning Finnish as an Estonian is quite easy too
It is not just us, it is you as well
Now is the best time for Estonia, but 2009 because I would get in on Bitcoin on the ground floor and bet on major events I remember
And I think it´s incredibly dangerous for EU, if the EU approaches this situation as an anti-Russian movement
Estonia seemed so boring, like there’s nothing to do, people seemed depressing and not friendly
4 AM is fine, thugs are asleep by then.
This will be have a massive negative socio-economic impact to the already poorest region of Estonia and will undermine the country's energy independence
If im not wrong then they no longer depict Allah or other Islamic characters.
That smiling cashiers are creepy and unsettling
Maybe it won't get used as much
Not very similar reasons, actually
IMHO it kind of doesn't fit in there.
>  If you learnt everything in a junior cert Irish textbook you would be very close to fluent and be quickly able to become very fluent
NATO is definitely planning to invade Russia.
Poland was also practically part of Nazi Germany, but it isn't really PC to say that instead of "occupation"...
*rullnokk* - "rolled peak" after their caps).
The Canadian ones do look aesthetically unappealing, yet I think the [Estonian ones] look good enough.
Who has never conquered anyone
The headline is spot on and is as bad as it sounds, as seen by the article's main points repeated over and over, she actually means it.
There was a huge fuss about it and everyone was calling up their MEPs, but it seems like everyone just forgot about it
If you mean asylum seekers or refugees, then no.
Ninasarvik(nose horn)=rhino
Yeah, I never said mexicans are actually lazy people
Well I had to answer all of the unintelligent people arguing with me.
I mean, it used to back when it was inhabited by Swedes, but not anymore
Driving a car is not a human right, it's a pretty big responisbility
And one of our previous  presidents said a quote that goes like " The situation is shit, but that's our fertiliser for the future"
And the fact that schools try to make it a thing with compulsory [school uniforms] and [school caps]üts&oq=koolimüts&gs_l=img.3..0j0i24k1.15664.16966.0.17122.8.6.0.2.2.0.73.377.6.6.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.8.383...0i67k1j0i30k1j0i5i30k1.HitIAAHbPro) just weirds us out.
i suppose the one we do have jokes about is the prime minister, whose only purpose seems to be apologizing for the actions and words of the members of the other ministers
Just as when /r/europe thought Geert is done for because of the polls, his competition deliberately makes a big mess that's going to give him a boost.
Also nice to see that it's close to my country's reindependence day
Im gonna be honest The ideal russia in my eyes as a foreign estonian is a Russia divided into multiple constitutional monarchies
However, wind energy production is dependent on changing weather, which means there *must* be some stable power production to complement it as well
Probably a wrap or some cheap [slimy burger]
I guess in Estonia we don't have any significant examples (or maybe I don't know about them) because we don't have any projects started in the first place
Almost nobody is fucking happy in such situation
We forget that the bottles are at a higher risk of ending in nature if the deposit scheme malfunctions
Don't worry about the lyrics, I can't understand them either
I am really happy with our disposable income atm
only makes me more embarrassed that I haven't managed to read it yet, haha
Estonian students were also the most likely ones to say "school sucks".
>Inglehart-Welzel cultural map
? I can understand "alus".
Churchill fought against Germans, but it doesn't mean he shouldn't be among the top faces of Europe.
Up to 1881 3%, - Some merchant families from old times.
I'm of course not a native speaker and punctuation has always been the most difficult part of English for me as the rules are somewhat different from Estonian and my first foreign language German.
The Estonian in the sketch also is very similar to the common look in Estonia at the time
They killed our people and colonized and stole the land of the estonians and our brother people
Had those rarely in school lunches, always skipped them cause I hated it lol
If the number is in hundreds of thousands then it's obvious that they are loyal to Turkey rather than Austria.
Technically the Finns moved north from Estonian areas, so, the other way around.
It is actually an older name for a little railway village (borough) [Kohila] in Estonia
So it's logical to assume that it's probably around where you live.
We still have *some* dialects, like the Hiiu and Seto dialects, but mostly just one unified language
Previously some people bought ticket from bus drivers, but since public transport became free for city citizens and everyone else uses plastic card to buy tickets, nobody talks with drivers anymore
she often brought packed and totally edible food back home for free
A newish 200-300m^2 house in a suburb ([example] or a
I haven't had a chance to try any, but I think I would probably like them as I enjoy most seafood
Then when we the teacher tells us to sit, the class has begun.
Every single one because the person has actually fucking learned Estonian!
Paskat means look in Latvian, but apparently shit in Finnish
Not a good look for us chief
Memory playing tricks plus old men remembering fondly the days 25 years ago they could still get erections.
Speaking of Danes, we gave them their flag, which is base for all the other cross flags in Nordics.
It’s a downward trend, or at worst, an even trend
Nope I do not, I remember it from 2009-2012 era
I took some courses in university because I had managed to learn almost nothing in grades 8-10.
So then, is it a mental illness or is it a physical illness?
I like the French straight roads
Let’s not pretend the soviet rule was cruel because they were communist and they couldn’t have done better - it was cruel because they were cruel
Makes sense, not sure what NI protestants think they are, to the everyone else they just seem ridiculous
I'm not leaving due to the economic situation of my country, but I do plan on working abroad for a few years just for the experience
Probably, there isn't really a stigma over having a child out of wedlock.
"We always thought we were at the centre of things, but it turns out we’re not.
Are these two questions even related?
People who have grown up in big cities might find this a bit odd or old fashioned to use it with people you don't know personally, but the workers have generally smiled and answered with the correct phrase "jõudu tarvis
Sort of arbitrary, don't you think??
I could sense that Finland would win this one
No, u/Prygikutt didn't say, but they've already scaled it down, although it looks essentially just as good
I dont think it is
Saddest part is I was eating it like 15 years ago passing by from Poland to Hungary and never after found this place and I'm not even sure where I was
Like when you first go to some specialist, you have to pay 5€ "visit fee", but I'm not sure if it is really connected to a lack of GP referral or is there in all cases
That is just journalists interpretation combined with headline magic, because even a lot of the article speaks against the headline.
Well London and Dublin are among the most notoriously expensive cities in Europe for housing
[As someone from "aesthetically tasteless" and "toxic" zone of the culinary map of Europe, I can't relate.]
Nonono, sour cream is firmly in the salty category because you might add salt, lemon pepper or garlic in there
Yeah, russofication
Another question on top of OP's, how do you start the game
Johan Pitka
There is no Estonification - Estonians aren't interested in Estonianizing the Russians.
Imagine if there are 36 US diplomats in Russia and one is left there alone, wondering where the hell is everybody.
Anything under **100h** is worth considering for sure
I would agree if there wasn't for this stereotype that they get angry over slight changes in traditional recipes.
Could it be the ones Estonia picked were interviewed more carefully and they actually knew where they were going to be relocated?
There's no anime (besides Ghibli )/ manga avalible here
At what time you go to sleep and how are you not completely tired next day when you go to work at morning
Personally I am also just not clicking with Spain
I quite understand the difficulties concerning cross border scams.
Still better than having Soviet era high-density residential areas
And with that replacing progressive values with their own.
extremely nationalistic, often seen advocating for Estonia being a Nordic country
I wouldn't say so - when one form of the language is so widespread or just the most neutral in its characteristics, then it could be said to have "no accent".
But still, I don't think we can accurately recall the 90s as we ourselves were not in the same position 25 years ago
The one where they invited hand-picked international observers, guys all around Europe known for being Putin's mouthpieces?
Estonia isn't Scandinavian but should be Nordic
Oh god, if they are, then >50% of our top players are Russian, it would be just idiotic to use football players in that instance.
WOW literally the other side of the planet.
Some areas are just depressing though.
So who lives closest to an international border?
In Estonia we say 'Tšehhi', I have no idea how to pronounce Czechia.
Once you are a citizen, you are legally no different from a citizen whose ancestors have lived here for millennia.
Estonia has that already, so no.
waste / fin
Capitalism at its fines
Plenty of businesses have their own email adresses
decorate
Only Western Europeans have recently rediscovered it.
I'd say anything above 20 is way too hot
Tulemasin - fire machine (lighter)
They are not indigenous people - they are recent immigrants, who got here through a crime against international law.
I mean, the 1920s saw a very quick rise for some families, but the economic crisis sort of leveled it out again.
or it might be unpasteurised..?
And Tallinn is the northermost of them all.
Because it's better than the alternative that is so common, which is imperialism in service of some ideology, be it liberal democracy, socialism or Islam.
Most of the native ones for sure, only some creole-like ones are incomprehensible.
The American culture is more or less identical to European culture...
Don't know about the Latvian one, but Kalevipoeg is indeed the national epic of Estonia and probably the best answer for this question regarding Estonian poetry
Many people in East Germany were also so angry about the Berlin Wall being brought down by bloody capitalists that they left in disgust
It's far from being a symbolic gesture.
If estonia isn't northern Europe I don't agree
The defining question of our generation
Yes, bicycles are basically allowed on all trains, the warning just shows where it's not recommended due to a bigger amount of passengers etc, but afaik you can take a bike on any train, they all have the holders etc
There may be no negative connotations behind that, but they are simply not the indigenous/native people in the minds of most Estonians.
People who have grown up in big cities might find this a bit odd or old fashioned to use it with people you don't know personally, but the workers have generally smiled and answered with the correct phrase "jõudu tarvis
We have this freedom of travel, we should use it.
After that the paradise was supposed to arrive
Most start their day by drinking a coffee at work in my experience.
Most such offensive monuments have been removed.
It's really funny that Russia actually has the biggest neo-nazi movements in the world and the principles of fascism are really popular in the government of Russia.
Shame, considering, who his father was.
Edit: Clarification that "handy" is a normal word for a mobile in German
You can still see it on [this map]
English was very easy to learn compared to any other foreign language I've studied, but I think that's mainly because of more opportunities to practice it rather than any inherent attribute of the language
Wdym "too communist" it literally has been used for most of your history and its literally your coat of arms
depends on the area, but i personally have walked home from Tallinn city centre to a suburbian area (approximately a 1
* Crime rate is not really that high, I think Tallinn is worse
But it's more about clothes and mannerism than facial features
\*hint\* \*hint\* picture \*hint\*
Did norway defeat the soviet union like estonia?
We celebrate our national "Mother Tongue Day" on the birthday of the first Estonian poet who started writing in Estonian Kristjan Jaak Peterson
If you're from outside the county(Harjumaa), where the capital is, you're basically from the wild West to those living in the capital
> Russia is more trustworthy than the USA
Estonia has had ID cards (with a chip) since 2002
It's either manual or you shouldn't be among the driving community.
EeLäLe
And that's only a beginning
But there is at least some similarity between Estonian and Finnish accents.
It's much easier to catch stoners, because most other drugs you inhale, eat or inject with seconds in some dark bathroom (not that i use any other drug)
The wines
this is a more complicated topic i am not too good at explaining in either estonian or english, but basically in the words "vili", "viilid" and "viilima", the first i-sound is a different length in all of them
But there is no word to describe them all - I have problem with nose
* 'Pupil' - apparently it's 'student' when kids are in school
Being labeled as an "islamophobe" or "xenphobe" by media.
We're so keen on boycotting that we lost 2-6
the most commonly used expressions are "lusika nurka viskama" (to throw the spoon into the corner) or "sussid püsti" (loafers up)
Will the higher average result really have a profound effect on finding a "one in a billion" genius in a nation that barely manages a million?
Germany is a peaceful democratic country, and both a military and political ally of Slovakia, just like Austria is a political ally of Slovakia.
There are other ways in Estonian you can indicate gender.
[Yes
Of course the concept of this is backwards and wrongs by todays standards and every country that still has that mentality is shunned upon.
I would cautiously ask whether Estonia would be able to join, albeit being at the same time quite sure that "Eesti kan not into Nordic." [Strange times in berry club, strange times indeed.]
Yes, he was commited for claiming to be the president of Estonia.
Tallinn Old Down has similar charming medieval architecture to Prague, but is smaller in size.
And how did Estonia do that again?
Dual citizenship is not allowed, but if you have birthright Estonian citizenship, then the state cannot take away your Estonian citizenship simply because you have another citizenship as well
But I'm going to move with my family and I just don't want to risk it.
The comments under the trailer are pretty good
Well, radical left in our politics, but they have pretty conservative views on many other issues.
Mostly shared by other Estonians whenever the topic is IT
kull: est
He still has a point - Centrists are elected by the Russians because they make populist claims that resonate with the Russian electorate, however their policies are much less populist than they make it sound, they are quite moderate and not Russian minority oriented.
Tallinn, us rest like to go there to visit itsa surreal expirence to vist the city
The Hansaetic towns or at least the towns that were towns during the Hansaetic league are the nicest towns over here
There is probably more GDP on this picture than in some entire country.
What made me surprised is that there were statues for him up to this day
> who left the country becouse of transition to capitalism
I have some bad news for you
* Tallinn Old Town
It depends on the neighbours, but I cannot wrap my head around what are the factors
I dont like how the only activities outside of home are drinking, partying and more drinking
Reach out and start researching why people are not happy with the status quo.
Old cities are mostly new cities with old historical centres, i.e. old towns
We only had above +10 for  a few days, maybe a week this year
\[3\] \[...\] **It is now devoted to the Holocaust and Lithuania's occupations by the Germans and the Soviets
Lately I've been becoming edgier when switching to English, which is weird
European here
Considering they're way less popular & populistic
Nice whatabout America, but you veered off topic with that.
I think most homicides in India are not even reported.
Should be fairly simple to pronounce
Wasn't it always part of the Teutonic Order?
Many of the cases are about geographical positions and relations.
I think I get more national defense news on r/Europe than on local news sites...
I want to say Finland but reading the comments it might be one way love
Always with the extremes with guys like you..
talk / fin
me and you could make our own federation?
[I served the King of England] a very good Czech movie.
Dude, you have Czechs, Poles and Croats in your neighborhood..
It's just not as obviously a loanword, so the translation is not as specific to the types of dragons we're used to seeing .
Yeah, russofication
We have “yellow media” for gossip news and tabloids about celebrities
I think the author actually thinks this is a museum about Estonian nationalism, while it's mostly about folklore and historical living conditions.
After all, I haven't really heard of a machine gun shooting in the news
During the 1849 California Gold Rush 3.75% perished on the road to west.
Even with higher prices
This is thought police in action
Perks of never having lived under an US-propelled extreme right-wing dictatorship.
Not a single higher spot in Estonia, but a few bumps in Latvia and Lithuania
- 16 (S) - Väävel
This statistic doesn't really work.
Lukashenka has his back against his wall, losing the election means imprisonment or exile in Russia
You can have either of them
There have been Tatars in Estonia too, there's even a street in Tallinn that's named after them.
Mainly, none of the three interests me with their language of culture
Banks in my country offer them in additional to the main pension
We had a singing revolution to free ourselves from the Soviets, no blood, no bullets, just patriotic song and our fellow people
None
Even if this time there is no 100% regime change it drives a point
Well I think on the national level, Estonian is the second most taught foreign language in Estonia.
The term *pied noirs* refers to European (not necessarily ethnically French) who lived or moved there.
We have a really weird anti-German sentiment
The word *Püha* is sometimes added before the name, but it means both "Saint" and "Holy".
Eastern Europe is feeling pretty good thus far.
And "russians came and won the war saving europe from naziism"???
The electoral college is a bullshit system, but Clinton wasn't against it either, was she?
It's a combination of your confirmation bias and the fact that you have better access to news today than you did 15 years ago
Why russia tho
Oh don't worry, they offer [free counter-holidays] in return.
Mai ingliš is veri guud tänk juu
Some might still stay at home but some might radicalize
Let's be honest - from Western POV, it's all one Eastern Europe over there.
A part of national group that were kulaks and did private farming.
The fact that they have a new chairman doesn't change the fact that they have a cooperation treaty with United Russia and most of their votes come from Russians!
> At least it wasn't "neuken in de keuken
We really are doing a lot, but miracles don't happen overnight.
Those aren't really sung often nowadays (especially not the Nazi ones), but some are still quite recognizable, [this] for example
I don't think I glorify some past criminal deed.
/r/SweatyPalms/ it is too tall
On long distance and country side lines
That's the problem - such a criminal act is too vague:
Try to get one into your car through front window while driving 90+ km/h
*ühesõnaga...* ("[to sum it up] with one word...") - followed by a really long explanation.
So what is the arbitrary number of years you would suggest when it becomes OK to call a victim after its former occupier?
How do they expect to join EU after all this?
Add to that bills, groceries and assume no car - let's say another 250 eur
I went there this autumn and buses came every 20-30 mins.
Just said that its such a irrelevant sum in the total budget :P Principles count of course.
Carl Robert Jakobson
There's a lot for us to learn from Ireland, as well
(There's 2)
And those thing you listed happened because they were dictated by the soviet government that way.
Some do and some dont, cars seeming to be  the most popular way
Going to the office was easy, I lived next to the office building, by accident
Is it true that cash isn't used very much anyway in Sweden?
How our capital (called Reval back then) was quite an important city for our location for trade between the west and east (ofcourse this location was also a curse why we were conquered so many times)
Enjoy this murderous weather while it lasts
I haven’t seen any billboards like that in Estonia
It's been 26 years - have to assimilate!
Another problem is parking and access of course as much of the old town is a pedestrian area with limited vehicle accessibility
If you're always on alert, you're never on alert.
How many people speak Irish in Ireland
We don't really know the answers to these questions because traditionally the public sector is subject to political decisions instead of market forces.
there are some recent problems over here with altright and their ilk harassing anyone who looks 'out of place', but most are smart enough to keep their mouths shut.
sokkki (even the sock), etc
"I kill a goose"
That means taking tough decisions like turning away refugees, deporting those that are found to be illegible for asylum status, etc.
It tasted like sweat
Especally since symptoms usually don't start to develop until day 24-48h have passed.
The eyes on the left one looks like the ones you make on snowman with your fingers, before puting coals in
An average casual look is something like [that] and [that]
Theoretically the goal of this is to scare the immigrants off.
no problem  sorry if you were dogpiled
Isn't that only restricted to given names?
And this is why you should let the doctor do their work, and not the laymen.
On the other hand, we have very few actual nationalists.
That one is a bloody good anecdote though
You are a bit over stereotyping here IMO.
I think that's part of the absurdity - many haven't even heard of the other expression.
Why do you think why countries send politicans who they want to get rid of to the EP?
Ambassador to both NATO & Russia are definitely uninformed and false.
Estonians never really embraced Christianity fully, except perhaps in the 19th century
Interesting where the divide between "only football" and "literally all the time" comes from
Especially, when not properly socialized and educated from an early age
Portugal: could we start some kind of a seaside-countries club in Europe
But whatever it is, it's fucked up, dangerous, and shouldn't be encouraged.
Aga sa ei teinud seda, sa ei suutnud seda ja nüüd maksad sa selle eest, sa neetud idioot.
Kosovo deserves independence from Serbia.
Hän voisi tulla täälläkin laulamaan, meillä on vähän hyvä räpiä.
You also have Milk Bars, this is cool
Well it's just this odd phenomena of artists taking hours upon hours molding the breasts that by the time they reach the head, they are all out of creative juice
]  Referring to the article the best example is: ".... no quarrels with its neighbours and for border issues to be resolved
Estonia was made Christian by German and Danish crusaders that brought the religion here "with fire and sword". Also it later became a protestant nation
it too in its entirety, just like Crimea, was transferred to Ukrainian SSR, or better yet Georgian SSR (since Stalin was very proud of his heritage).
Well, Finland
Apparently they were touched by someone if some regulation inspector banned their old chairs
Unfortunately it isn't if you've been keeping track the rising power and brutalism of many governments in these regions
Which part of that "Eastern Europe"?
Yeah, but Saaremaa isn't a town, Kuressaare is.
Especially the stereotype part - we joke about it as well.
That cooperation agreement is probably dead.
Our Estonian language teacher had a hard time with us as our word order in essays was remarkably German-like and sort of unnatural in Estonian.
Wth, *111th*??
It actually was an Estonian territory in the first Republic and if I'm not mistaken even in the russian empire
Similarly to Helsinki, it has dense Art Nouveau quarters in the centre, something that Tallinn almost completely lacks
He lived next to a military airport in Tartu Estonia and he saw Russian pilots crashing their planes cuz they were drunk
That's why only the European Parliament can adopt legislation and not the European Council nor the European Commission.
Estonia - 11 days volunteering
From Tartu it's also like half a day's journey as the train schedule is not aligned on the border and you have to wait in Valga for a couple of hours
If Russia is bad for Europe, then we support a policy that forces Russia to be less bad for Europe.
If you don't miss the USSR, you didn't pay attention when it existed.
You can walk around at night casually in both places and nothing will happen
i mean, i don't think i have ever been taught about fridges existing in other countries, i just kinda assumed they exist elsewhere too
He deserves to be put down, I just don't trust human institutions to never make mistakes.
Well we certainly are Finnic, just like Finland and some tribes in Western Russia
I even remember they asked for more money after their program had run out of it and it was granted.
*Tallinn
If you're driving into Sweden from Denmark, and many tourists seem to do, Malmö will be the first city you pass through, so it'll absolutely leave an impression
He has been taken into a home to live peacefully but he tries to escape which is has resulted in a rather big "dog-hunt" as everyone is concerned about him
By the way *Inglise* is very similar to the word *ingel* (genitive: *ingli*), which means "angel".
I think, youd have a good chance on the islands as well
well, I'd say there definitely is a number of people who would disagree, but yeah - people who try to integrate themselves are accepted quite well.
I think I will stick to current day
Anything with raisins is garbage
I'm sure in like 50 to 100 years they might be come on top as they could regulate better deals then EU itself (more so an EU that is battling the rise of far right, so also a little bogged down in terms of regulations)
There was
Hungarian: what
You should be a stand-up comedian
Corbyn is hilarious, he didn't participate actively in the referendum (as he should have, he's the leader of the opposition, Cameron did).
I hear Sadama Market is quite cheap.
How good it is that the Reform Party is in opposition after 17 years in power.
Chiming mid-line that is already formed is considered rude in Europe as well
Baltics in particular rarely voice opposition in the union, so when they do, it's not to be taken lightly
Depends, if you're coming over for a little shindig and put your beer in the bridge then it's all good
It was the biggest pos but still worked
My grandfather was forcefully made a KGB agent (Agent "Bear") in the 1940s and he was threatened that if he doesn't report on a coworker, he would get in trouble.
Nah, I'm good right here
According to the 2011 census, 13,990 people said they are able to speak Swedish.
Hint: these percentages will rise a lot in the coming years as our new "patriotic left-wing government" has plans to raise the alcohol tax.
We have been friends since the fall of Tsardom of Russia
Hush, you can't ask these people, they are brainwashed by Western media.
Kuressaare - Arensburg
You are usually invited to the living or dining room and an invitation can happen any time of the day really, but of course usually after lunch.
Some people living in Tallinn complain about very slight chlorine taste which is added to fight bacteria if the water goes to old house with bacteria living in pipes
Also this isn't a protest, just a very crowded street
It's difficult to universally distinguish languages from dialects.
I didn't say anything about "university programs" or "high school education" or the official Swedish leanring program.
Just randomly opening the host's fridge is rude however
Not really between anymore, see a map [here]õgeva,+Jõgeva+maakond/@58.7446247,26.3898328,3880m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x4694a91e3b576153:0x400b36d18fc6470!8m2!3d58.7462917!4d26.3972118)
They have never been a democracy, they have always been ruled by a corrupt dictator
The n word
Also, for "girlfriend", *eit* ("hag", "old woman") and *naine* ("woman", "wife") are used aswell.
[Source pdf]
Even if u are not the resident of that region
You guys had the Grand Duchy
Oh indeed it does, I just didn't notice as the Estonian uses the French word.
Wonder why they do that - like what do they expect then?
It's not bad, it's just *overwhelmingly* unimpressive.
I am really glad I can now show up as late as 10:00 at work
shhh...shut up, no one noticed the mistake that Finland snuck us in.
Old and famous
I think the Baltic's in general are sort of in a 'rivalry'. Kinda but not really
to be fair an example from our side - we really don't have any super potential energy sources ourselves besides coal.
Getting a little crowded in here
We had the choice of voting for the Estonian Working People's League.
Sometimes I do
[Almost every country]#Europe) has national parks.
I've heard of it but I don't speak german so I guess it's not for me.
As for nurses, I assume you are absolutely correct though
To everybody saying "it's not 100 years, there was an occupation".
without going "through" Sweden.
It is pretty clear what bullshit your message was meant to sell.
You get some gear (pics below), but there is always so many things you want to buy if taking it seriously or wanting to do things often.
my mother used to work garbage sorting when I was a child
" and everyone else at the table agreed
To group Finland as part of Western Europe and Estonia Eastern Europe or even more strangely to group Finland Northern Europe and Estonia Eastern Europe is a common theme everywhere.
Cold: -20 to -5
The military coup was allegedly instigated by the Güllenists, which don't seem that much different from Erdogan from what I heard.
Managing to buy your beer from the store before 10 PM when alcohol sale becomes prohibited
This is the cherry on top of the suck cake after losing Nicholas Parsons
That's all I can think of right now
In Estonia our scouts (young eagles) are literally a sub category of the Defence Force (military)
There are many innocent swearwords in Estonian like *kurat* ("devil", used as "damn") or *persse* ("into the ass", used as "fuck" or basically exactly like the Finnish *perkele*), which are used a lot.
Everyone really likes to downplay everything
And to this day both have the same monarch
This is probably the first time I've ever spelled it correctly.
Also pretty embarrassing how Tuvalu and Vanuatu also both recognized Abkhazia plus Tuvalu also South Ossetia, but they withdrew their recognition in 2014-2015.
Most likely Tartu for Estonia since it is a student town and unlike Tallinn, doesn't have many Russians, who are generally far more conservative.
One, that I did not see here
And Lihula is actually a town, it has the highest EKRE-voting share of all Estonia
You fail to understand that if there is an illegal foreign occupation in place, **all** elections and referendums are illegal and void by default.
It is a popular summer resort, our "summer capital" even and especially many Finns own property there, not to mention richer Estonians themselves.
Also they have six toes on each foot
You sound like a goof in Estonian as well, if you overdo it, especially with very common names like "New York".
Then as I was browsing youtube language videos for some totally different reason, I found out it's alive and kicking, just never ever mentioned anywhere in the media
I think the tradition still exists to kiss the slice of bread when picking it up if it has accidentally fallen on the ground.
It fluctuates between -10 and +5 for most of the winter, some weeks it's all wet and gray and depressing
Humanitarian reasons based on the flawed theory that increase in their living standards brings forth (classical) liberalism, respect for human rights and all these other nice things
Idk about Moldova but Latvia is one of the baltics, post ussr countries and I heard from a Lithuanian that their rates were pretty high as well, it might have to do with that idk
Really, when I would be coming alone, then I would not care one bit about these articles.
The Russian high class used to speak a lot of French and at some point when there was political trouble, several Russian intellectuals escaped to France
I guess that's basically what [aghcsiz] wanted
I’d actually love to spend my retirement there
The first Street View link you posted is exactly how I remember it.
Yeah, game develepoment industry in Sweden is pretty big
Here's the [Estonian keyboard] for example.
I can't remember the other one
Terrorism seems to be really working
My favourite puzzle game
I do feel that we have achieved a lot considering that we both come from really poor families, like parents earning about minimum wage and nobody else in our immediate families had a Uni degree etc - so we have not had an easy start, no mommies getting us a job or networking for us, but the good education system and social system **really** help out a lot if you're smart and/or hardworking
It's not normal that in the city center the walkpath just stops and you have to continue your walk through a parking lot
They destroyed Narva's old town during WW2
Not voting wasn't really an option, considering that was the basis for deporting people to Siberia.
Wow It's even worse than in Scandinavia.
I wouldn't mind the EU doing that, but as of now it seems way too much energy has been put into punishing the UK for leaving.
They are \~30 when they graduate, so they are in a hurry to buy a house and start a family, I think females also still make up a majority of graduates
Many modern cities across the world located at coastlines or riversides have their city grounds supported like that
Do you call Poland an ex-Nazi country?
they have created this situation themselves by treating these ethnic Russians as garbage second rate citizens
I think the sound of our language is actually quite different, some dialects sound more like Finnish than standard Estonian
Russification began in 19th century actually, but Soviets took it to the next level
There was little left of democracy by the time Putin came to power.
are we
Here "Frikadelle" (*frikadellid*) are small meatballs that you put into Frikadeller soup.
The Old Town is extremely overpriced, locals almost never eat/drink there
Problem is the way KGB recruited people.
Poll:
The only party he can go into a coalition with, and in some ways is alligned already, is the MHP, an ultra-nationalist party.
It’s a county in the northeast with a large russian population
Average wage is meaningless, a minority get paid that much
If it wasn't for their resolve, the war would've certainly ended differently
It's our smallest settlement that has a "town" status - it has ~800 people
And although many younger Russians in Northern Estonia are more integrated nowadays, the ones in Northeastern Estonia are often poorly integrated and don't speak Estonian well
For instance, hit a google query with 'finland, racism, refugees' as search terms, and you see some correlation.
Definitely, I'm not denying that, it's a cumulative effect.
I am not saying this is often the case, but it can be so as the correlation between democracy and corruption is indirect.
- Estonian National Museum (Tartu)
Hey hey hey we'd be more on the quiet side
Biggest one is the peace treaty we signed here,
Your links are either 2-3+ days old or downvoted/don't have much votes.
The apartment block districts only though.
> Protests erupted, led by angry students, who blamed the accident on the fact that it is now darker in the mornings than it was before
Similar in Estonian - "in Bordeaux" would be *Bordeaux's*.
Tallinn is notoriousily pro-car
Ughhhh
Pihkva, yes
or some of us do, i cant relate
Stupidest design
While other former block countries did the same but then Russian still had some power and some of those protests became bloody with people getting killed, run over by APC's etc
And there are only a few stereotypes, like them being the "Onion Russians" due to them [growing onions] and selling them on long strings.
Also more unequal wealth distribution.
If you go over 20km/h of the speedlimit, then you must wait 45min
Aksually, guy keeps getting bigger and when I first watched him I thought he's American because of his accent lol
You don't get it
I like rain, not thunder i was scared of that
A local version is to call that place "Kapa-Kohila" (*Kappakoil* in German)
Do you believe there was an unprecedented baby boom among the non-Estonians during the Soviet occupation?
i have to say the name sounds exactly how it looks
If you put it like that I guess obesity IS a huge issue in the States.
[New design vs 2(?) editions older design]
It’s for girls but for a year we switch with the boys and do woodwork instead
Hmm, the medieval old town of Tallinn is really lovely and there are (or at least were before covid) some good restaurants in the capital as well, [this] crossed my mind but the locals will know better
To generalize, this can mean that you are either an atheist or agnostic.
If you go plainly by data from GlobalFirePower then Portugal boasts a 211k active reserve personnel, but that doesn't mean the same thing as for example American 1100k reserve personnel.
If I understand correctly, English and Spanish varieties differ more and [aren't as mutually intelligible with each other as Serbo-Croatian standard forms]#Comparison_with_other_pluricentric_languages).
Next thing you are going to tell me that the Ministry of Silly Walks actually exists
Being Finnish you should remember the last time orders came from Moscow area
Tbf, that saying is a famous paraphrasing of Hemingway's lines *No well-run yacht basin in Southern waters is complete without at least two sunburned, salt bleached-headed Esthonians [sic
There was a slight revival here during the end of Soviet occupation, especially in the years 1989-1991.
Like them all and wanted to name the first two myself.
From an outsider's perspective it could easily look like a Scandinavian language
However, if we have like 12 electoral districts and one party gains some regional seats in less than half the districts, yet *no party* would gain more than 5% on the national level *and* that one party would also gain a total of 4.5% of the votes, then it is possible that the party with the most votes would not be elected, yet some other party would.
I was born in Tallinn and i live Tallinn, but my family roots come from Hiiumaa island so I identify with Hiiumaa the most, because it's the closest to my heart, then Tallinn, then Estonia overrall
I’d like to make better ties to our brothers up north and change it to a Nordic cross version
Few
Yes, they were invented in Latvia and they became sort of cult products during the early Soviet times, but during the general deficit of the late Soviet era they became less common in Russia.
If yes, what did you use to make this
Really the only things I know about Tatars is that they're historically Turkic speaking muslims.
It's that simple
Up to 1940 Germans were public enemy nr
It's a constant war-zone where these things are normal.
Chlorides on the roads, snow ploughs, winter tyres
> and an ability to turn the simple potato into a hundred different dishes
Yeah, we usually call them Sasha
And it is a proven fact that Russian troops are in fact fighting in Eastern-Ukraine.
I love the way estonian sounds in song, its beautiful
Estonia is really small but
Yeah problem is that you have to consider several factoids:
You live in the Netherlands, most of your country is very close to big cities.
I always plan my trips so that I pass through Poland at night.
Estonians really don't know much about Latvian culture.
There's really no question here, it's Finland.
As you go away from the coast, it gets \~5 degrees colder
Let's not kid ourselves, solar, batteries and wind is going to cost less and less per joule generated and stored as the manufacturing base grows and matures and new technologies keep getting invented and adopted, much faster than traditional thermal power plants and burning stuff
The ones who feel 'left behind'.
Freedom of movement INSIDE the borders of your country is a basic human right.
it was an elective class though, so most people in my class didnt take it
In Estonian it's the same though
How did the US cause the current tensions again?
Besides Poland is nobodys doorstep.
I’d say all of Northern Europe, except for Denmark
Old one was prettier
And many green parties also fall into that category
Don't know about the Art prep, but the Medicine one was cheap, online, and mainly meant for those who had graduated a long time ago and wanted to refresh their memory and get some more up-to-date knowledge
We slept in Riga and Poznan
Arabic Christians use the word "Allah" as well, they even say "Allahu Akbar".
International law is irrelevant in most cases.
Estonian: *orav*
So it won't carry an average finnish woman
So the Germans still haven't given up hope with the Ark of the Covenant.
Edit: Regarding the downvotes
There are some major projects going on there and near and the entire peninsula, actually North Tallinn in general is gentrifying and Estonianizing rather quickly, with many Russians moving to Lasnamäe or other areas
19 in the afternoon
Russia because they've historically been a pain in the ass neighbor for all sorts of reasons, invading, genociding, deporting, looting, blocking trade etc
Nazi Germany, the USSR and current Iran are or were all republics.
All my support goes to Ukraine.
You can actually do a lot of stuff using the ID-card through the internet
I think it's more that Germans played a large role and not particularly Germany itself
Kalev's [dark cherry chocolate] and [white blueberry chocolate] are really really good in my opinion.
But lets wait and see, so far support for a 2nd referendum and independence isn't very high.
Other than people of mixed families - no, they are not ethnically related peoples
haha, yeah, sure it works in China with no free speech and tyrannical laws.
His father was captured by Germans in Estonia during the WW2, but he managed to escape somehow.
[like this]
I don't regard neither Estonia nor the Czech Republic Eastern European in general, but in this context OP is referring to troubled post-socialist economies and in this sense it is OK to generalize all the post-socialist countries in Europe as "Eastern Europe".
A car picks him up and the Russian guy asks [with a strong Russian accent]: "yis Tallyin far yett?" The slow Estonian looks at him and says [in a strong Estonian accent]: "nou, Tallinn nott faar".
Scandi languages (minus Finnish for obvious reasons)
Heck, I'd first want into Estonia with this secret :D
But if you have bought an apartment the loan payments could be quite a bit smaller
If you hate him, you are a regular Estonian, if you love him, you are a Russian gopnik - at least in our national consciousness.
First time is the beginning of the cooldown, second time on the table is the end and the third is how much they have left to wait
I welcome them, Australia first tho
Heh I don't care if this may be crazy but hell yeah we're central european now
This happened in the middle of Tartu - everyone had left the town and gone to a rural area to celebrate at a bonfire.
The investors want to get it back when the company start paying dividends.
But there are about 2% forests that haven't been touched in centuries.
We were in a weird situation, because at first came the Soviet occupation who deported over 10 000 people in 1941
Of course non-swimmers are common, I am one of them.
According to the 2011 census in Estonia, among the ages 15-64 (i.e.
Bolder in every sense
As I'm from Estonia I see US presence as a great counterweight to Russias aggression so in that regard I would like to see US forces training here in the future.
The shitty climate is one of the many reasons why I can’t wait to get out of this country
Compared to them we live like in desert
Do you think we buy an extra jug every time we buy milk?
Please learn your concepts before spitting stupid remarks!
I like how they *technically* don't say that Finland shelled Mainila but instead say that some guy wrote in his memoirs that he got a message that they had done so
A weird thing in Estonian is we have this thing called "Little I" that makes words sound childish
That's super silly, with the switch to winter time more accidents happen in the evenings as there's more traffic and it's darker than it was before the switch too
They tyranny of morning people
>from 1900-1920
The former should only be used in diplomatic context.
Do you have any religious map of Romania?
Provided they don't change their minds, of course.
When reading your language, it really feels to me like our languages are related
I think it is really useful, as it is normal for humans to think about "life, universe and everything" and also to think about what can and what can't be known
Anton Hansen Tammsaare and Eduard Vilde
Russia is the one who has military bases disturbingly close to other countries.
We just have
Sharing a lot of history and even territory (Livonia)
Even if you can keep them at room temperature, fridge is just the most convenient place to store food (unless you have some special room or cellar for that)
Actually, the correct translation is "rush B no stop". Very common mistake for beginner russian learners
More likely from *vilja* *and*.
Every time estonian police uses firearm, it is most important news for a week
To get proper ancient the names must have meaning in estonian
Maybe, but then they are those, who don't care about politics much, and might go as mercenaries.
That we have WiFi in forests
Show us some of your most interesting archaeological sites/finds!
You really think relations between Finland and Norway or Denmark are deeper than those with Estonia??
Estonia and Latvia merged
Yeah, we were let into NATO, now we want collective defense too.
Even the Estonians in Narva speak Estonian with a [very] slight [Russian] accent.
Most likely - the border treaty with Russia gets ratified, thus straightening the border in a few places (the sum of land on each side will supposedly stay the same, but places like [Saatse saabas] will be more sensible).
What really happened is that they specified the crimes based on position and specific act, but too vague criminal deeds were still left out.
Impossible now I think
hey in summers its too bright in here and too hot D:
We might not say anything but you certainly won’t be making a friend
And they lost all that estate, they did such a big move, I'd think it's something that comes up among family, youknow
I don't think it does, their home page doesn't mention it either under the ingredients.
I always hated how it doesn't feel europe enough here, we are too young of a people to have a lot of history, like the greeks, italians or French
u have to get the car running and crank the heat up for a little so the locks warm up and hopefully start working again
I assume that's what also justifies the cheap cost of apartments here, since as soon as people can afford it, they will move to the capital (typically), and since it's rather hard to sell an apartment here, the prices go down even more.
Even what we call our army (kaitsevägi) directly translates to “defence force”. We’re a peaceful bunch
If no candidate manages to collect that, then there will be a second round between the top two candidates with no possibility to vote against, guaranteeing that one candidate gets >50% votes.
Estonia can finally into Nordic
ah, finally
They aren't all easily accessible, but 12 have regular connections with the mainland or other islands and the rest can be spectacular as well.
Both wars sped up dissolution of British Empire, rise of the US and UK becoming second partner in UK-US alliance
"Yeah, Halley" is pretty spot on though.
Of course there are other issues at play as well, such as Finland's relationship with Sweden being almost intimate, so connections to Sweden are not a big controversy
No problem, but I bet you're not lost, just suggesting that there is no definition, hence it shouldn't be used (if we can't define it).
Plus some 100 eur on irregular purchases
Yo there's 4 now 2 Tallinn 1 Tartu 1 Narva
Please note that Estonian neiter has a j-sound as in ‘John’ nor a sh-sound as in ‘she’, therefore I used the foreign letter ‘ž’.
Everyone wants a magic fairy to save the world but no one has any real solutions
I think we would need some sort of an ''EU army'' because some countries are more in risk than others and every countrie doesn't have a great defense force, for example Estonia doesn't even have an airforce, so if Russia really wanted to attack, there is basically nothing that we could do.
Mostly tourists are very fine, but there are a couple of stereotypical types of tourists, who aren't very well respected:
He's a joke himself, being an ex-comedian
Well, we got occupied by the Russians again for some time but we're back
op is from slovenia
Every year the administration orders a new research where trams would work great, turns out we can have trams everywhere in Tallinn and beyond and then we wait for the next research
But reddit is again over-hyped about this small thing
"Tšehhi" or 'Czechi' in English.
Of course, sadly it wont work :(. So it's ideal, but never achievable
Just mentioning that this thing is not comics
book / fin
Russian females dress either way more feminine or, if feminine is not their thing, then way more edgy
Before this Belarus rarely if ever had protests
Not that it matters much though, with a 10% difference between the 2nd and 3rd places.
On the other hand, a dictatorship can be relatively free of stealing from the state if the state has a strict rule and the top leaders don't particularly steal themselves.
The last violent death was in 2011.
"thorough" I can say just fine, but with "thoroughly" I mess up when I reach the OU-diphthong.
Things that are common in Europe
A touchy subject, but by far the largest mistake in Estonian history
Gotta love Scotland
I, for example, had to choose between the two in 2002 and back then thought that Russian is perhaps more useful, but started regretting my choice in a few years and didn't really put much effort into this.
The false narrative of that has been debunked countless of times, but the commies don't care
Wasted another 3 hours reading those stupid Latvian jokes
Awful, awful weather all the damn time
So it's up to you to label national independence movements "ridiculous"?
I stream foreign shows on rather random webpages, while Estonian shows are mostly available on official webpages.
The watch that was left at the entrance of the bog was way ahead of the watch in the bog
At this time I usually prepare to go to bed, unless it's weekends
There are many Muslims though, mainly Moroccans.
What Russia faces is mostly just low oil prices.
The slang word *roti-* ("rat") is used for whatever is cheap, gotten for free or flat out stolen, especially if it's of low quality
I think in Estonia we actually know almost everyone or at least someone who knows someone
Crushed boiled potatoes with sour cream and cottage cheese, with sour cream-cottage cheese tomato salad.
We quite specifically talked about Baltics.
I probably wouldn't do this as a woman alone for any possible scenario.
But that's a matter of taste, of course
At least we're not Sweden
You are welcome to call me a "he".
Then in 1944 Soviets occupied us again and they oppressed the people who, due to previous Soviet oppression, collaborated with the Nazis
**§ 1
That sounds like too optimistic criticism
The news write it as "Pfizer/BioNTech vaktsiin".  By people, it is called either "Pfizer-Biotech" (had even forgotten the N is there) or shortened to only Pfizer (that we frankly say more like *Fitser*)
And whoever made this website is also an asshole.
It depends, it's like 10% max for me as well, it's all very anecdotal, but since it's apparently ok to use it, then one of my friends who actually wanted to study hard said she was almost alone in this abroad, because most party hard without the studying hard part.
We have the Defense League, which is voluntary, but it is a paramilitary not a reserve.
The main reason IMO is that Ratas - as an actual centrist - is attempting to play by the rules of the liberal establishment, which makes him a weak spot in the coalition
Most of the population strongly supports it, but to generalize a little, 1/3 of the men go there quite happily, while 1/3 are strongly against and the rest of 1/3 somewhere in the middle or just accepting.
Languages have [mostly] developed in an evolutionary way, dividing down from proto-languages, while populations have a huge variety of different genetic background, something that cannot be compared like that.
Mul on gorillasõja alane treening ja ma olen Eesti Kaitseväe parim snaiper.
Sounds like a good idea though
We really are that gloomy
One name was Johannes(i know some other languages have Johannes aswell but apparently they write the name way that we do in Estonian)
I mean in Estonia we're still using shale oil to power our life bc it's cheaper than buying electricity/building any new powerplants that use different fuels (nuclear, coal, what have you)
One is the region of Greece, the other is the sovereign state.
the Amish groups are definitely Christian fundamentalists in the sense of "traditionalist").
"Unite or perish" - The Colosseum in Rome just yesterday.
Yep, although I'd say it's more like a symbol for Tallinn than for Estonia in general
When we say "kutsu" the little I goes between s and u. So it's pronounced [kutsju]
The bigger the wage you have - more disposable income you have
Ma võin olla igal ajal igal pool ja ma võin su ära tappa üle seitsmesajal erineval moel ja seda ainult paljaste kätega.
I wonder if it would have been possible for a German from 1919 to think Germany stayed the same from then until now, and not know about the second world war
That one is a bloody good anecdote though
now we are on our own, well it's Theresa who is to blame now
Next thing you are going to tell me that the Ministry of Silly Walks actually exists
Who decides whose opinion is more important?
u/JakubMarian also uses regular Kremlin-influenced rhetoric
97% and 100% accurate are of course pretty close, but what if it is 40% accurate?
There definitely are some polluted places, but they are isolated and rare.
Töööö (working night)
Your comment couldn't have been more similar to mine :D
Whatever happened to British people sarcastically hating 'krauts' and 'frog-eaters' out of spite and jealousy, and just for the fun of rivalry and not routed in actual xenophobia
Sweden
Well Poland has reasonably strong industries, and their wages are higher than any Baltic country.
What we have, is that you can get a weapon
You don't decide anything, your vote in the Estonian so-called elections mean nothing
> fine amount was defined by how much a person was making a year
What kind of simple rowing boats?
But I thought muslims don't drink alcohol...
Also when i got arrested while owning under 1g and smoking a tiny pipe, they treated me like i was big criminal, and like almost 10 police officers were dealing with me totally, turing the whole deal in the police Station
It's in the fecking government ATM!
This will be have a massive negative socio-economic impact to the already poorest region of Estonia and will undermine the country's energy independence
Around 10 years ago I was in Turkey on vacation in autumn, and when we arrived there, pilot of the plane reported that the weather is sadly "a bit chill". It was +20 outside
M8, look at My flair
It's like we just cannot into soil quality!
With teenagers, it depends on the family
There's Cologne which is actually Köln
Its so weird to feel yourself in Spain but than realising that 3 days ago it was shit apocalypse
Russia/Soviet Union
There are some better ones IMO, like [this] and [this]
we watch that too, every new years eve
It's both beautiful and clever and I really like it!
I think it is going to be VVD+CDA minority government that would have confidence and supply arrangements with PVV, CU, SGP, FvD, and possibly VNL.
Oh we are fine in comparisons with other post-socialist countries.
The trials we’ve suffered weren’t solely due to the nature of communism as an ideology, and by claiming that we severely undermine the dangers of totalitarianism, and the power of, for lack of a better word, cruelty
Could it really be true that Americans would really overcompensate and be that much more over-the-top friendly when abroad?
Where is your evidence
It can be seen a wakeup call for both Luka and the people who so far thought "whats the point
they said we were gonna be as rich as Austria in 10 years
Which city if you don't mind sharing?
When it comes to North Africa, then it is somewhat covered in history classes and social studies, but mainly in its relations to Europe
I’d like to make better ties to our brothers up north and change it to a Nordic cross version
You're in no position to call out McCains alleged inaction.
The Ministry of Education is in Tartu, just about everything else is in Tallinn
[Blackcurrant] Was kind of shocked myself when I heard about this lol
Strangest feeling ever
Tbh, I´m surprised this took the front page over terror attack in London- Are terror attacks really considered that common now?
Still obeys to all the rules set by Germany
This likely won't end very well for Catalonia
&#x200B;
Estonia is definitely not becoming any more of a tax heaven than it already is.
There are currently 57 women with that name and pretty much all of them are 85+
And the mythology is similar
–o–
They weren't members of the "SS in the regular sense" even during the war as their units were ideologically very different from the regular SS
Estonian/Finnish
Estonia is pretty much a center-right country.
And suicide rates go up in the autumn when suddenly it gets dark super early
I just don't want my country being associated with him, what's wrong with that?
If you clean up after your dog, then you're OK.
Speaking additional languages is more of a nice-to-have thing, generally not expected
But I don't get your logic here:
It's the massive gravitational influence Estonia has on Finland.
You'd be better off finding some other topic to focus on
You want to send immigrants to the north, we already have 30% immigrants from our population...
It's way too gradual to make such bold conclusions, but Estonians have intermixed a lot with Germans and Balts, while Finns have a stronger genetic drift
Now they're planning to rebuild the Haapsalu connection again
Official soviet history has not died out - it is alive and well in Russia
Do you have any Nokia 3310 but as a smartphone?
You get used to it and I also like the cozy atmosphere in the december nights, where everything is dark, but you can see the lights shining from every house
ha, regional vocabulary battles?
French is also similar in that sense and a large reason why English sounds the way it does, especially if compared to other Germanic languages
We could sure use some more questions about what Europeans think of America.
Schools are usually like regular buildings.
Well there is something fishy when one party that has done some questionable things has been the most popular party longer then I have lived
Probably because it lacks association (di-minutive reminds me of something along the lines of de-minute-ized)
Also groups of words like järgi/järele/järel are kinda the same but using them correctly is pretty tricky
Id argue that the whole humanity people have seeked liberty despite it being more dangerous
Other is Norway turning their hydro up and down to match Danish needs
Part of the problem is also that the Soviet occupation ended when this district wasn't fully completed yet
We like when profits made here go to over countries..
A lot of countries has shown that war on drugs don't work, you need to reach helping hand for addicts not punish them as criminals
Blue represents the sky above our land, black the soil and our bleak history, and white purity and hard work
usually finland, bc im not too excited about russia and well latvia tends to suck at the sports i care about as well
we dont live there, visit rarely (once or twice a year at best) and mostly use it for storing stuff
Was just about to say this - Cape Verde would be my choice.
their insult is that Denmark  has Skåne
Qatar supports some rebel groups.
Perhaps it's time for a nice cup of shut the fuck up?
Thank you
The average wage data and this "with 2 children" data would be pretty skewed since the % of wealthier people will be much higher there.
Close to being the same among ethnic Estonians.
In fact, I would say that way more pressure and emphasis is put on your career achievements, rather than creating a family
I speak Estonian, learned English and speak it very fluently, learning German in school
13-15- Estonia
Understandably, but that's also true for other countries.
As much as a cancer survivor regrets being healthy, I'm sure.
Ukrainian dialects have been largely homogenised over the last century with only a few odd words surviving in the areas outside of the west ukraine
*mustad*) in Estonian because that means both "black" and "dirty".
and make people themselves give them hints on what to tell them
If you feel Reddit is becoming too right wing I invite you to come and have fun with us at r/FULLCOMMUNISM or r/socialism if you want to have serious conversations rather than memes :)
Other than Soviet Finland having Saaremaa and Hiiumaa island, I'm totally ok with Estonia under Finnish flag
5226 million hectares
It's the only way to live: getting salary of the capital, while being able to live in a normal place (not so expensive, not full of cars etc)
It's in the fridge and the hole is small, so it doesn't really go bad any quicker than an already opened (and thereafter closed) carton milk.
I'm not completely sure of the travel duration, but i think the ship departs from Tallinn at six O'clock in the evening and arrives in Helsinki at 10 O'clock in the morning.
Nobody is using the name FYROM, get real...
I don't understand how in your mind rescuer or firefighter can't be a professional worker
Of course, monarchism itself is an outdated system and I'm sure it'll just fizzle out sooner rather than later, but there's no need to be angry at them today
You do understand that Eastern Europe is still part of "the West", right??
Technically 6 hours of daytime
Most of NATO is a bully themselves.
Israel could take the whole Palestinian area for all I care.
Hey, I'm from Estonia and here are top picks from me:
Watching my grandfather pointlessly suffer in agony for months, begging us to end his life was something so horrible and inhumane that I don't want this for anyone else.
I lived in Spain for half a year and never have I had such bad food almost all the time
I liked Bergen a lot
I thought we were just fearmongering?
Estonia was just as rich as Finland before Soviet Union occupied us, but 25 years ago,when we were finally able to become free again, our average wage was 30€.
You dont take into account  major differences between Ukraine and Estonia
Citizenship was restored to everyone who had it in 1940 and their descendants, this included thousands of Russians.
In 2012 there were 4 Scientologists in Estonia, so I wouldn't say there are many.
[Here are a ton of examples
Not to flex or anything but we got 1 in Tallinn our capital and no more
I think more specifically or as we call it, the treaty of bases, is most anger- and argument-inducing.
It's absolutely the same thing with Kosovo
I like that people are reserved and they don’t put up a fake smile or engage in random small talks, and that they respect your personal space
Yeah, for any foreigners to know, the "cities" we connect over here are like 440 000 people and 95 000 people - and that's for the biggest two, the rest have less than 55 000 people
Add to that bills, groceries and assume no car - let's say another 250 eur
All I can attest for is that Belgian beer is expensive, too expensive for me so I got the cheapest option available most of the time
You may not always understand where the sun is in a forest, if it's a bit cloudy.
During summer I usually have a small spray bottle on me at all times
Amazing how some people think that EU actually imposes immigrants and socialism.
Am I right
Lots of mining industries, plus lots of Soviet-era Russian immigrants.
As soon as we get to warmer places we get tanned just like anyone else
Took a train all the way to Vladivastok
I feel like there is a similar element of melancholy in our cultures and it would be interesting to meet more often
And still
I'm from a small village in Lääne-viru county.
I mean if the American didn't speak Spanish and the Spaniard couldn't speak English it would be a logical backup option to communicate in French
Yes, you must remain "Saxon Land"!
and every little bar made their own.
What if the mink version is milder and will limit the spread of the "original" covid
I hope Poles keep giving the middle finger to Soros globalist swine
>Russian Estonian
[Sõit]
If you want to visit an obscure, cheap, few tourists and snowy place, visit Tallinn.
The third one should be either Finnish or English because of the increasing number of expats here
Well almost: there are rhinitis and coryza but AFAIK nobody uses them
>Europeans have a lot less incentive to save and invest than Americans
This is the weirdest Estonian-Russian stereotype difference I have encountered.
You know very well that people in Estonia are not religious per se but we have like 70% of population here believing in self-help authors, in astrology, witch Nastja's and Marilyn Kerros.
When has there ever been a huge, world-wide conspiracy by the press to discredit a honest politician?
I guess I just don't much about such a seemingly petty thing
Yes, i know estonian and english and used to speak finnish, i want to learn finnish and mari, which is spoken in russia
A ton of "sources" are actually official soviet/russian encyclopedias
They elect their own president
Oui oui, la souris est en dessous de la table
There are more of them in Central Europe and the Balkans but things were complicated there and I don't have the expertise to deduce which countries started more because of WWI or WWII or due to mostly unrelated conflicts
What are rules
On=is
I'll raise a glass of French red wine tonight
When i was kid i often dreamed that some game would have Tallinn in it, don't think there still been a game like that (Would want to know how detailed Estonia will be in the new Flight Simulator)
We haven't applied to become members of the Nordic Council.
The social security is much better in Europe and I would be much more comfortable with raising my kids here
Small volunteer effort works pretty well on the other hand.
(though i'm one of the wird guys who sleeps with open window when there' -20 outside)
Like right now I see his submitted article in worldnews with 60.2k upvotes 20 hours ago.
Compare with Aino that was really popular back then but really not in use anymore
During the Russian Empire the governing senate was a legislative, judicial and executive body.
This happens more or less in every recent topic.
Just me worrying about how to balance my career and personal life goals
But you can't say that they were part of the USSR at all if the occupation was illegal, because therefore the annexation was also illegal and void.
Are you sure you're still talking about beer
Also I couldn't open the window because then the mosquitoes would eat you alive
I don't think it's the shoes - I've stopped running and fallen several times ;)
Latvia: Northern Latvia often feels like home
You don't see it among urban people, but rural people have quite strong accents.
Black represent dirt iirc
- 8 (O) - Hapnik
Maybe the the thief wouldn't have to steal if the society didn't consider him a thief?
graphic artist and work both in office and freelance, and though in contract I have 40h workweek, in reality I work more flexible (some days few hrs more, some days less), it all depends on amount of work
Yeah the Teutonic order or better known here as Livonian Order and the Hanseatic League time periods are very fascinatic to study
Helsinki feels as safe your own neighbourhood in my experience
Less than 50% of Narva's inhabitants are citizens of Estonia.
What
Tbh Lenin as a Chuvash is more of a meme
Another thing- Diet coke in the states, Coca Cola light in mainland Europe.
Nonono, sour cream is firmly in the salty category because you might add salt, lemon pepper or garlic in there
> How do you say the "Strength needed" part in Eesti keel
>whatever the language
One person died sort of due to the flood - an old lady slipped on her stairs.
But really, this is just one possibility, the other one being it related to Aestii.
We have that in city trolleybuses and trams, but not in buses.
TBH Russia is one of the countries that most recognizes and protects minority languages for example.
The Estonian Reform Party **has been in power for 17 years**, since 1999.
It's still in daily usage and means just what you'd think, "a relatively close distance".
Common background is a key aspect of them indeed, but it's not about some ethnic purity, but about common background, i.e. common linguistic or religious or whatever roots
Mind you, the reduction of dividend taxes isn't necessarily a bad thing on its' own.
50, whereas most modern apartments are 2
My native language is Russian, second language I learned was Estonian
We have the [BabyBack Ribs & BBQ] and [Mack Bar-B-Que] chains in Estonia.
It should be a crime to give public spotlight on those "psychics". In Estonia you can see those crooks on TV every day
The card looks like [this]
And thousands of africans who try to flee to Europe and often die in sea for it, probably just want to go on sightseeing tour, right
Therefore, Kazakhstan tries to avoid choosing sides, but will do the minimum necessary to show Russia it's on board
Learning the language already
Russia still has plenty of crude oil to sell.
Finland - Soome (derived from Suomi)
over here you'd get some stares of curiosity most likely (the black population in Estonia is very small, nearly all have probably seen a black person before but it's uncommon), and if you were really unlucky someone might try and pick a bone with you if it wasn't clear that you're a tourist.
If I understood it correctly, main problem for UK is internal immigration from Eastern Europe.
Well, the Baltic Chain was part of the revolution era, but not really part of the "Singing" revolution and I'd say it wasn't the most pivotal moment during that era
We also have common history and a historical Swedish speaking population.
I lived in Spain for half a year and never have I had such bad food almost all the time
Estonian trucks tend to honk to Estonian cars as well
wait
"Willing" implies that there's a choice
And generally speaking, residents tend to stick to the side of their home country
I don't think the problem is displaying it.
How else would they communicate in this case?
It will in the future since most countries are becoming more liberal and globalized
They contribute way more to the US economy than a lot of Americans will ever realise and that is sad
FYI there are several railway developments ongoing but they're mostly interrupted by the locals, so go figure
"Laulupidu" aka a singing festival/party
Nah, the virus isn't that big of a problem here, most people forget it exists even
ämm(a): est
We have 2 or 3 pairs of bigger orange Fiskars scissors, honestly they seem to show up everywhere so I have no clue how many pairs we actually have
Some areas where Standard Estonian is spoken with different intention/accent, do not necessarily conform (islanders in particular), but they are easy enough to understand
I guess he's finished now for sure, once people start laughing at you like that your only chance of winning is probably just to behave like Trump("I don't care, they're losers"-style) and that tactic was used already!
Which is quirky because so young people usually don't bear that name anymore - it's [dying out] quickly (type in "Lembit").
Nahkhiir(skin mouse)=bat
Warm +20
[This] is an example and [this] an example of the dance festival.
Yeah, we have rather few exceptions like these.
Would Wilders really get huge boost?
Most cemeteries are inside forests, including many church cemeteries and they look like [this]
Livonian too
My point stands that the links are a few days old, a quick look at France24 confirms that the situation has changed:
I'm mostly arguing that they're not *that* much worse than some other places in Estonia
I was thinking of the roads I saw in Masuria actually indeed when I said it
Commies: Let's invade Eastern Poland
In kindergarten we learned it like printed, beginning of school learned cursive and a few years later everyone just reverted to printed
Plus you guys couldnt even learn it
If you believe in something supernatural without evidence - you are an unintelligent person.
Are you implying that this chart measures how close to "heaven on earth" a society is?
The news write it as "Pfizer/BioNTech vaktsiin".  By people, it is called either "Pfizer-Biotech" (had even forgotten the N is there) or shortened to only Pfizer (that we frankly say more like *Fitser*)
I think static automatic radars “red line” is “x7”(by gps)
However there is no reason to think that Uralic languages came from further east than that despite its name hinting so.
Source
I didn't really find it offensive, I guess I don't really look Estonian (more southern Slav) so people were more likely to assume I am not an ethnic Estonian
Usually nordic food is very influenced by nature and earthy ingredients
Tõde ja Õigus
This is probably the core issue in Estonia.
In person he is pretty nice and a seemingly smart guy but the moment you see the crap he shares from pages like "Russia Truth" on facebook, you just want to smack him on the head.
I don't think Baltics will ever make Russian a co-official language
On the other hand sometimes standard qulloquial Finnish is more similar to Estonian than the Turku dialect.
Yeah we may be similar to Finns in language/culture, but our looks are quite distinctly different
Might be just my family thing
Where are you going in Russia
In effect, dual citizenship is not allowed only for people, who have obtained Estonian citizenship through naturalization
yeah, but the states (from ww2) were not (i think) independent and recognized as such...
Only popular video game made by Estonians
In winters with more snow, the regular parking spots are often filled with excess snow piles and they aren't always removed in time
Don't worry about the lyrics, I can't understand them either
wedding / fin
I am aware of the reality of the situation - I am talking about the law.
I was searching for a photo and found this, so the comment seemed suiting
We actually have a saying for a similar situation: "hädas nagu mustlane mädas" - "in trouble like a gypsy in mud".
I'm not opposed to the idea of the European Union.
the saaremaa people disagree though :P
Look at that beautiful face on that superior specimen
We need whole world moving there
Football has seen a low popularity ever since the Soviet occupation because Russians used to dominate the leagues and Estonians cared little for it.
There is enough data for this era to check changes year by year.
Also much of modern architecture is kind of shitty - I mean, I like the better half of these glassy designs, but many are just horribly boring or even ugly.
Same here
All the horror stories are mostly from the WWI, times were much more difficult then, especially with the deportations
I just go with the classic "La souris est en dessous de la table". Doesn't get much of a better reaction tbh
Estonian and Russian are two commonly spoken languages as a matter of course
*happy estonian noises*
Yes
oh hey would you look at that, can now eesti into nordic?
German planes threatened by Russian activist [in Estonia]
We dont buy just booze
I'd like to copy Not being poor from Norway
It was taken in the end of August (amazing weather in Greece then).
^^Excluding ^^Greenland…
OK, perhaps things have changed and this is only the perception.
Well, almost 70% of the population that lives there are from Russia, so it makes sense to keep it for themselves.
>military complex , slavery and wealth obscenity
Over here, it is somewhat rare to stay with your parents after finishing high school
Nah, it comes directly from German, i checked the Estonian Etymological Dictionary.
Be born in the country, live your whole life in the country, be a citizen of the country - you won't be considered an Estonian unless you speak Estonian.
What could EU do about any of those issues except sanctions
Everybody knows that Putin would and could kill him otherwise
My heart goes out to all of you in Austria
Well sure, just like our Social Democrats are a joke compared to Austrian ones for example.
With teachers we use the formal pronouns (*teie*/*te*) in Estonia.
I would still vote for them as I find their views to be most similar to mine.
Monaco is effectively less than a city-state :)
The connection is more than certain already, Estonians (and to a smaller degree Curonians, Karelians and perhaps other maritime peoples) had many contacts with Scandinavian vikings.
Do not say that, you don't know how people can interpret that
Because the map of the world and even the map of Europe hasn't changed during our lifetimes.
Try to look from afar whether they really are deaf or are just acting.
putin happened
Russian is spoken a lot, but many Estonian youths intentionally don't speak it.
I recently went through something like that with my grandfather and I constantly felt disgusted and frustrated that we don't have that yet.
I try playing the country to either prevent that or accidentally make it worse
Yes
How much effort would someone put into it just for the chance to fool visa?
Even in the world, they are the 85th most populated country, which is in the first half.
You don't see redefining label of SSM happening?
There are both Europe wide news sites, but also country/region specific ones.
The law that makes organ donation default was actually a good thing.
Watch out, Fidel is looking very serious at you from that pic :)
We had that with our previous president too.
Besides noone likes warm milk anyway
Because then everybody will be gay and it'll spread like a disease /s
but city centre/old town, nõmme, kristiine, haabersti, maybe even pirita (idk dont have much experience there) are pretty safe in my opinion
They are horrible in English, I am doing my current degree in English and the only thing that annoys me is the constant translating of element names in my head, it's not automatic yet
I remember Soviet Union
We aren't keeping citizenship from anyone.
Thank you
Well, he was really pissed off about it and all the media attention so in that case the fine had a good effect
HEI WAIT
It's not like they were selling that data
2 feet
There is no nationwide ticket, only for up to about 1 hour trips from Tallinn
Basically, it's a question of "do we want to make the votes of rural minorities completely irrelevant to the overall outcome?"
Does not compute
Cringe o'clock in /r/europe again
How many books, newspapers, internet sites and such are written in Cyrillic?
In addition only to maybe saying hallo in the hallway/corridor of an apartment building or when passing each-other on a forest trail
You mean to tell me that there are more superior education tests to focus the curriculum on?
Oversimplification only gives more support to Wilders and similar movements.
Estonia is one of the safest countries in terms of natural disasters.
I can't understand heat like this living 800 km south of Rovaniemi
Definitely true for Estonia and Latvia.
when you're a shitty parent who believes theyre the only one whose opinion matters: "the child speaks when the chicken pisses" (chickens dont piss)
Costs the same as a single ticket using the prepaid card
Americans are definitely more for privatization than europeans.
Minus 5 in Vardø. Quite unusual in February
Ain't moving abroad mainly done by GPs and not so much by other doctors
I didn't see Estonia caring much about Iraq being illegally invaded by US.
He never said that we don't have a lot to learn about free speech, we do.
**Article 1:**
and don't forget, that Putin is behind it all..
So he reported on some drunk, about him saying some negative things about the Soviet rule, and the guy was deported to Siberia, only returning after a decade.
It just relocates the problem to different people (if you are successful).
Here in Estonia if it's public sauna (like in spa) people don't go naked
Have you ever had draw in Parliament?
Forest brothers
depends on the household
The liberals here definitely support some social welfare.
Nou, wi spiik better Inglish tän tätt
Idk how we the Estonians will get our electricity then
From my experience of Lidls in Austria they offer very cheap very low-quality food
That is not entirely true
We don't really have major drug dealers
There's absolutely no win for Europe that way, the environment won't benefit but European economy will suffer (and our competitors will benefit)
Same in Swiss French, but they also use huitante instead of quatre-vingt.
The word "group" under UN's genocide article is very loose.
The same change that gave us free roaming also allowed for ISPs to abolish some data gaps, effectivly allowing fast lanes
Especially when people from Copenhagen can't understand people like me from Jutland.
It's sad that we didn't deal with them when we still had time to do it.
And remnant German troops and the Baltic Germans.
There are lots of really wealthy people and foreigners, at least where I spend my summers.
They are both [Estonian, not Russian] Orthodox regions, as opposed to the otherwise traditionally Lutheran Estonia:
Right now the actions taken are only in the interest of vaccine industry
> Spanish and Italians also dress in light fabrics, but are way more coloured
he supports BLM protests and legalizing same-sex marriage, I don't think he's alt-right
A lot of countries has shown that war on drugs don't work, you need to reach helping hand for addicts not punish them as criminals
IIRC they bought the brand when it got real popular.
Same for Finns doing it here or in Latvia
Believe it or not, but most of us don't care about such results.
Even if you are from well off family, they are not going to buy a phone that costs 2-3x times more
Edit: Clarification that "handy" is a normal word for a mobile in German
Don't go wandering into forests without an exit plan..
Border trade will grow much higher soon.
Haha, sometimes it's the other way round
You can literally google it
You are probably just too harsh on yourself.
That failure of society is what the picture reminds to people who know that time.
According to § 245 and § 249 of our Penal Code, "tearing down, damaging, profaning or otherwise defaming the **national flag**, **national coat of arms** or **any other official symbol** (including the **anthem**) of:
Or maybe when a giant meteorite landed in Saaremaa a few thousand years ago ([Kaali crater] I would love to see that
>or the Moldovan
Estonia has been through a lot, and the USSR committed heinous crimes to us
Horrible - as of yet, such people would be alienated by ethnic Estonian social groups.
Arvad, et Internetis saad mulle ilma tagajärgedeta nii öelda või?
As your entire nation forgot about that and built up a negative stigma for illegally occupied close friends, you really need to look yourself in the mirror.
In Estonia on new 4 lane roads there is 120 when the weather is good
Naples has a huge graffiti issue as well
Die deutsche Sprache ist sehr schön!
During Soviet times many people watched Finnish TV and might have picked up some language from there, but those broadcasts didn't reach the southern parts of the country
23rd and 24th of June (Victory day/St John's Eve and St John's Day)
I didn't realize it was supposed to be something else
Where are you from
Yes, Danes appropriated their flag for us for example.
Actually, it's the genitive (*omastav*).
"Tangerines" is also highly recommended
Middle aged and older people and ethnic Russians also have strong problems with their English proficiency.
If you only kill farmers by millions, for example, then it wouldn't be genocide, because some fucktard on reddit says that farmers are not a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group?
In 1939 Finland had volunteers from Estonia against Russia
perkele
Wonder how many Estonians my age (17) know this
And I know far more abstinent men than women.
I went to school in Soviet Union and what we were taught during history classes was quite bad
So obviously we had a snowfight in the heat
It had legit good songs then
I do have a problem with the shortened year.
I use English almost daily, either with passing tourists, or some foreign acquaintances in pubs etc.
The stupidest quality it has of course is its nonuniform spelling, which often doesn't make any sense at all, aside from the etymological perspective
Like 5 years ago it was such a thick snow and like -30C but we'll gotta see this year
High efficiency panels is a must this far north
Regarding a comparison with the 90s - stuff has changed somewhat, yeah
There are however many German names for our cities thanks to Baltic Germans
I remember that one refugee protest picture from Finland where they said that Fins were feeding them dogfood and showed plates of porridge.
Sure Estonia could've done some things better but it's a very delicate situation
Did we forget the Soviet Occupation from 1944 - 1991 ? lmao
>But it doesn't set the extermination of races as the main goal of its existence
Indeed, those very common "who was the biggest killer" arguments about Stalin, Hitler and Mao...
Yes, but we have [*Linnahall*] :)
My favorite in Estonian must be [*Talveöö*] ("Winter Night"), composed in 1986.
The Estonian center party (Keskerakond), which is currently the second largest party in Estonia wants to grant citizenship to all these people without the Estonian language and history exam
(They tought we were unable to protect ourselves, so they made us sign a pact)
Czech is a language that can go well without vowels.
I "thank" Winter War because Finland stood up and that kind of leaves a big black spot in USSR/Russian history as they can't really claim moral superiority during WW2 era, forever more or less
Estonia agrees with everything you said
I started drinking coffee when I was 26.
No, but the South Estonian dialect is very strong and sounds like a small part of it is lithuanian+latvian and rest Estonian
While most of Europe uses the Euro, don't you think this would have been the more logical to have converted into that currency?
What do you have against calling out liars?
Lõik liiklusseadust:
Travelling on train takes much longer time than plane (difference can be up to 10x if traveling from one side of Europe to other), some parts of EU are outright cut from others in terms of railway system (only option for Baltic countries and Finland to travel anywhere far enough are by plane)
PVV is the party that wants Dutch out of EU right?
Gothic also does this to a degree.
And I also still have my hotmail account as secondary private e-mail
>The Museum of the Occupation of Latvia \[...\] The Museum's Mission: \[...\] Remember what happened to Latvia, to the people and  land of Latvia during the Soviet and **German National Socialist regimes**, from 1940-1991;
Although, as should be noted every time, these statistics are dominated by Russian-speakers in Narva.
However well Estonia had been doing had been to larger part thanks to proximity to Finland than them.
It's not a real place, but it sounds like one, and it's usually used to mean a place in bumfuck nowhere - aka the smallest most random town ever
Yeah but isn't it ironic how the network to connect the world and spread globalism is actually helping the opposite...
Governments should incentivize working in necessary fields just by creating jobs and paying wages, so people can chose to work there on their own
In Lithuanian, the palatalisation is generally not indicated in writing and it is more common.
We have it like the germans I think, a first ( maybe a middle name, depends on your parents) and usually the surname of your father, if you are a woman you may also have your mother's surname
Austria-Ungari keisririik
Who is going to attack the mouse?
OK you must have hit your head in the morning.
Even apple started using USB A port on the charger side
for example: "ma laulan" means "I am singing" or "I sing" (present continuous & present simple are the same tense here)
And I think the Russians are smart enough to not start WW3 over some Baltic clay.
I liked it
From estonia to lativa iv never had my passport checked you just drive over the boarder no guards no stops from estonia to finland on a boat never had to show a passport just buy a ticket online swipe it and go
don't tell the italians
Wth, *111th*??
Well that's a bit of an exaggeration as it was first invented in the Caucasus, but it's been popular both in Russia and in many parts of Central, Northern and Eastern Europe.
Because for practical reasons I'd imagine such a distinction would be necessary at times.
So your argument is that Estonia is not Nordic because most Danes know very little about the place?
I'm kidding, I hope your empire switches to solar and wind and nuclear and geothermal, sooner rather than later
The second place in this list was Oak Brook Illinois, that is basically McDonald's headquarters - the town.
Yes, but it wasn't due to how they were speaking
I disagree with about everything our current government under prime minister Ratas does
Most bizarre thing was last week - it still felt like very early spring / late winter
Challenge inequality by promoting inequality!
so there's no heating or water or anything
i'm biased and i dont even have a licence, but i think its a cool and clever idea
Idk we like it here and it's mostly seen as "the place you drive to for your job/bc of shops/bc you gotta get on your plane" if you live outside Tallinn or any other city
Leave smalltalk aside, this is not for us.
By altitude, you mean latitude
Nah they are pretty good when cold too :D
Just look at the [names for numbers] in Finnic languages and you'll see how similar Estonian and Finnish ones are.
I think there should be some international agreement on this to fix the issue of future evolution discrepancies.
Specific ones to Estonia
Why should the forced labor be added on top of that
Funny how you say that, I know some Danes that moved to Estonia and say they like it a lot more
The whole atmosphere felt very cheap compared to other Austrian supermarket chains like Merkur or Billa
Many foreign banks kept the gold of the occupied Baltic states in their hands for five decades and didn't give it to the Soviet Union and later when the occupation was over, the original owners got it back.
either fresh and warm rye bread or a random drunk in public transport
Baltic Assembly, but it exists merely as a formality
[Toompea] has been the historical upscale neighborhood of Tallinn, but because it's too small, the rest of the [Old Town] and many streets in [Kadriorg] and the [town center] also contain expensive real estate.
It definitely fades with generations, but many do retain their cultural identities for several generations.
Nice: 18-25
That is what is counted in there.
It's respect towards bread, which used to be a very large part of our cuisine.
You can't really buy a coffee in the morning if you're coming from the suburbs or from a residential area.
How does dual citizenship help with integration?
Liberating Riga from the Germans and almost capturing Petrograd was pretty cool
What really surprises me is that most of those who opposed them still preach the same things they preached before.
ъёъ
Have fun
Sorry for my ignorance, but how can Italy have a claim on Napoleon?
Looks like the bread toasts we have
But I'll always remember the moment when I was on the grass, unable to drive my scooter just to turn around and see the man 10 metres away from me
But I doubt the oppressiveness of the regime was as horrible as North Korea, but indeed I could be wrong here.
Trump is nowhere near being a straightforward man, but he probably meant that whatever is happening every day in Sweden is bad.
Have a look at [Kamchatka] that is like Iceland on steroids or take a peek at the [buddhist temples] in Buryatia and beyond
Both are state funded Channels that are free for everyone and don't have ads
She is a politician and should get away with breaking the law /s
If they're raised in estonia i'd call them estonian or nigger.
In 2011 of the 470
It's not like I'm going to Sweden or Russia on a whim
A republic is anything that isn't a monarchy.
I am not saying any of that, you just seem to have a very weirdly unknowledgeable understanding of what an ethnicity is
Sharing a border with Russia can’t be the reason we’re Eastern Europe as you could drag Finland along with that reasoning
mostly Russians) was pro-Trump.
ayyyyy
I'm 35 and I have had 3 (sic!) different currencies already (Russian rouble, Estonian Kroon and now €).
She was beside me when I gave birth so that might be one of the reasons
>*extermally* mixed
[First] & [second]
The salaries are getting smaller and entry level jobs with little requirements are harder to find.
Do you believe in one or more god(s)?
Regular reserve is just those who have gone through the conscription training.
Lucky bastards
If these things were included in the constitution, then it would be especially troublesome to change it all the times.
You can't claim that country A is not bad because it constantly creates huge crimes far from me, but country B is definitely bad because it sometimes creates some dubious crimes close to me.
It has started to change a little, as kids actually actually get friends who have a Russian parent or watch some youtube travel stuff
Most of the polls demonstrate this though
[Balto-Slavic languages] is a conventional language group.
Really can't see VVD going to coalition with GL.
For an entire year, UK was the only nation at war with Germany
It is just that when I get carried away, then my brain is simply not used to dividing humans like that and doesn't care about me sounding stupid
We even have [automatic worship machines] in every store.
Nope, not a single bit of Russian, back to the 1600s my family in all lines has lived on the island
He isn't just fighting to keep power, he's fighting to keep his way of life, no way he'll back down
The tastes are maybe more subtle than in southern countries
That just sounds like an alien language, and we're not even entirely sure what a scone is
Sure, of course such competition rules only exist when they have too big of a control of the market.
In estonian nigger is not an offensive word(unless you use it offensivly
Although the language had constitutional status as an official language of the republic, Markelov ensured that it was only to be taught as an elective in schools.
What job does your country have there
If it's casual, like a friend or family, I say "Jah
Well there's the city of Valga
At least the brutalist one had some personality.
Totally different circumstances from todays Belarus
At least he doesn't say his son was a saint.
If you lift their punishments, then they automatically become good law-abiding citizens.
Okay now I really want Eesti into Nordic
Russians are very prone to its conservative values.
Countries that large and internally different cannot be unitary.
We had a cheap foodstore chain expand to our old town buildings and they had some pretty cool decorations
But, when EKRE came to power last year, they complained that one journalist of ERR (the national broadcaster who owns a few radio stations and tv channels) criticised them too harshly and eventually he was fired
There are definitely some political games behind it.
Yet the Latvian Evangelical Church is part (observer, but still) of the [Porvoo Communion] where e.g.
Wow, and the first comment I saw there uses the word "fascist" straight away.
All other types are considerably less common
Its so ingrained in us that I think its survival trait.
Learning Finnish as an Estonian is quite easy too
Worth it
It does exist, but it's a thing on more formal gatherings
Besides, it's difficult to imagine a situation where Poland and Baltics are vehemently against while rest of the EU is in favour
To not react to bullying unless someone is hurting you personally.
Even if we narrow it down to what you specified ...it's still pretty vague
Damn, everybody is suddenly a cheese expert
Really explains why every prominent Russian during that era came from the Baltics or Germany
Fillon vs Le Pen second round and he nudges a victory with barely a few thousand votes?
- 100 euros: monthly train pass for traveling near Tallinn ([zones I-V] about 1 hour distance trips from the city)
Ah what a beautiful picture without immigrants
It says on our official defence webpage that we've been doing our part since 2012.
Yup
Not life-threatening perhaps, but still not a simple disease.
- South Estonian dialects are rather conservative and still have vowel harmony, making them very different from Standard Estonian
Do you or your acquaintances actually see it working?
How Norse-influenced was ancient Estonia (pre-13th century)
Do you mean the Eastern Europeans who asked refuge during the ww2?
We also have a gazillion beaches good for landing a naval assault.
Universities spent a lot of time teaching Marxism no matter what your field of study was, but of course they taught the subject matter also.
I have gotten questions from people to check if I spoke Russian or Estonian (I speak both)
Ah, a fellow Finno-Ugric language, we know the feeling
especially between eastern and western EU-nations on what EU eventually should become
Hiiele
"**
Russia isn't invading foreign countries
We can accept nowadays that Russians, too, suffered under USSR
Basically every year a news pops out that someone is cured from HIV.
And conveniently makes life harder for the Russian.
You would have about kids swinging and 1 or 2 kid(s) would have to run through
That when people say bread they mean white bread
We’re massive introverts for a reason
Now that I am an adult I sometimes use English with my partner accidentally and my parents are sure we're hiding something :D
The radical right wing and pro-Russian left (i.e.
More like a national court decided where to return the gold of someone, who is under an illegal foreign occupation.
But how often does it drop under -10 °C?
Homosexuality in most of these countries was entirely banned until very recently and although the younger generation might be more (or even very) progressive, the older generations and people in the countryside are very homophobic.
There are very few left nowadays, but the ones I mentioned are quite active.
I still cannot fathom how a democratic country could deny an indigenous ethnic group the right to self-determination.
Apart from casual jokes, not really an issue.
Õlu
Yes,  the age of the day our independence was declared, not the overall age of the Republic
I am aware that you have strong relations with Sweden, but don't be kidding yourself that you have stronger relations with Norway or even comparable relations with Denmark than with Estonia...
That sort of goes against EU principles...
eventual return of Roņu island to the fatherland.
And don't forget *Miś Uszatek* or Teddy Floppy Ear in English.
We really only have one good university: [University of Tartu] It’s a pretty nice university and part of the top 2% of universities worldwide
Most people who have a permit to carry a gun at work, do not have the right to carry a gun off work, for example
thank you, good moderator
At the same time, some of my friends casually drive 1500 km for a small trip and 200km on a daily basis
Would've been nicer if the Netherlands didn't destroy the hopes and dreams of Ukrainians.
It's just stupid
It was 'allow bases or get invaded'.
Why should people living in Andalusia or Galicia or Castile have a say in this?
Wow, great, another chance for the "comedians" of reddit to say how bad 2020 is
The wines
We've only had this one flag lol
I remembered the time when they made fun about mexicans on Top Gear after reading that
Estonians are a subgroup of Uralic people and Latvians a subgroup of Indo-Europeans
Finland: Santa Claus lives on the North pole
Within 5 minutes you write both:
What's the DUP party
Tallinn is notoriousily pro-car
you could also say "ma hakkan laulma" ("I will start singing") if you wish to not specify when the action will happen
For some reason being from the biggest island Saaremaa is considered cool but being from Hiiumaa makes you a hillbilly
Going to get glögi from christmas market in your honour
"Ugh, their cottage is in Kapa-Kohila, I cba driving there every week
Jaan Tõnisson
However anything about history and especially articles about Russia/USSR have to be taken with grain of salt
Why was the Karjala area so highly populated relative to the rest of the country, better farming land and Lake Ladoga
Ukrainians didn't want to keep the union.
Both the population and area sizes follow that too
There's a duo of islands
One way to get rid of Lukashenko is for his commanders and government to lose all trust in him
- North Estonian dialects are actually genealogically closer to Finnish than they are to South Estonian dialects
And now I'm wondering why cough cough hehe
Nice to see, that we aren't forgotten lol
We have Iceland Square(our foreign ministry is there on purpose)We had an event called Day of Iceland back in 2011 in honour of 20th anniversary of Iceland recognizing our independence
yeah, rather, but I wasn't going to mention this as several have misunderstood already.
We have a really beautiful language and they just think we're Russians
Average return on market over last 20 years is 10%. It's higher than average inflation (which is around 2-4%)
No reason not to use it
60 for a liter
There just doesn't seem the need for them here in Estonia
I guess the political spectrum got turned around while I wasn't looking.
There are some jobs to be found in Tartu as well, but not to this degree.
You see they weren't horrible occupiers because they built us nice places like [Lasnamäe] [Õismäe] and [Annelinn] to live in.
>our winters get milder and milder
I hope u can still travel but maybe in the passenger seat
room for improvement in certain human rights areas
But in the same time, you can very well ask if we should perhaps Slovenia, Estonia and the Czech Republic because they are doing better than the rest of post-socialist states.
> Since we are getting nitpicky, this is wrong
You mean the good ol "racists/xenophobes/idiots" rhetoric we've seen twice this year already?
Until it's done it's just talk talk talk.
I'd agree if i Were a citizen myself
And they gave us hitler
Im not sure older generation would want to.
Have a similar energy productsion as France aka >70% energy predused from nuclear
My parents bought an apartement as an investment in my university city where I live and they take the rent that my roommate pays
They are extremely short, you don't even get offered coffee, only a biscuit or a candy
Norwegians that speak english usually don't have as big of an accent as people from the other nordic countries
Like in the 19th century when they really didn't know better and the society didn't tolerate atheism as much?
According to the 2011 census, among 19-29 year olds, 88.2% of Estonians spoke English and 47.5% spoke Russian, while only 60.3% of young Russians speak English and 70.5% speak Estonian.
Is it OC
But I'm pretty sure you could float a solar power plant in lake Ladoga to supply almost all of December-January energy needs with room to spare
It is like barely there, really grows on you
But there are many [Estonian exonyms] that are noticeably different from their English names
I have always found it interesting how in Finnish the word "no" is turned
Sonny is a dog’s name where I’m from
As many communities left Estonia before the Soviet re-occupation in 1944, their Estonian is understandable, but with slight changes missing and a little influenced by the local language ("Home Estonian": *veoauto* - "carriage car"; Estonian in Canada/US - *trakk* - "truck").
The estonian for dragon is either "draakon" or "lohe".
You mis-spelled "when you shell their territory".
Venice/Venezia is pretty different too
Usually it's not people from here, who post these ever-repeating articles.
Hiiumaa the other island
Does Narva feel Russian to you or does it feel foreign?
Nor do most people know what aspects of our own culture do we derive from Baltic Germans and those are essentially identical with Latvia.
Power mattrrs
*onu* ("uncle") and *tädi* ("aunt") in Estonian.
It depends on the area
As long as he has the military/police backing him he has real practical tool to surpress the anti-Luka people
How is anybody worse off from it?
–o–
You are supposed to serve it like [this]
Absolutely untouched in history - there are no such forests.
You are just repeating the same words, which mean nothing without context.
So theoritaclly, if you live within your means, but not super-frugally, you can save up 400 eur a month with an average salary
Not every job has a lot of unproductive hours though
But in the end yes, revolutions don't always end up doing anything or even if they do the end isn't always the best result at least in the near-future
My Danish teacher had a problem with the naiming system in Estonia
Literally anyone could end up on the list, you could be the most loyal to the state, but NKVD could still execute you to fill the quota of "traitors". Great purge of 37-38 annihilated tens of thousands high ranking communists and red army officers
But you cannot say that it was "his own people".
I have good friends, who I haven't seen for years and lesser friends, who I see every day.
Also when i got arrested while owning under 1g and smoking a tiny pipe, they treated me like i was big criminal, and like almost 10 police officers were dealing with me totally, turing the whole deal in the police Station
Culturally it's definitely Finland, historically Latvia, which is also economically close.
Not really, her following count explains the popularity.
But it's not possible that you would get fewer holidays than religious people now or is it?
But I would be against a white Polish man or woman as much as I'm against a black African man or woman IF they both are young and healthy, able to learn the language and change, but still live in their self-made ghettos.
i know a lot more cities, but just not that one lol
Not as much as in Southern Europe because you can only ride them like 5-6 months per year.
We should do more stuff together, like saving the languages of distant relatives who are still trapped somewhere in Russia
I'm starting a petition to make "European Union" an actual country where every European Union average is withheld, be it wage, population, utility bills, land mass, happiness, female to male ratio etc etc
Applies to most of [Northern] Europe.
Tallinn and Tartu generate too much negativity
Today saw dozens of people riding a bike to work in a blizzard.
You realise that European part of France is not all of France?
When people ask me about it I usually don't recommend they go there, mainly because I think it's boring compared to Gothenburg and Stockholm, but that's just me
We usually stand up when the class starts.
That speaker rig
I hear mili planes cross over every couple of weeks I'd say.
The Estonian deaf community later intervened and said that they knew of no such donation campaigns.
In Estonia, a big no no is being loud and annoying to random people in public
We're currently experimenting with that in Estonia, and unfortunately, the loud ranters continue to dominate over the other coalition partners
Happy birthday
And I am talking about work days(gotta have that full 8h sleep before work), on weekends of course time schedule is different
Your labour was exploited in the Soviet Union, not the other way around.
It is used for *gastarbeiters* that usually have some blue-collar job, most commonly in construction, in Finland (in rarer cases, Sweden, Norway etc) so they constantly ferry back-and-forth
OP might be referring to the october revolution.
my grandma lives near the border and sometimes does grocery shopping in latvia
Some stone or something went through Timo's seat, up in the ass of Timo
Stupidity doesn't need to be answered with a different kind of stupidity!
Ah, the whitewashing of communism.
All such student organizations are radically apolitical in Estonia, although generally center-right to right-wing.
This level of neglect and decay is very shocking and unheard of even in the poorest parts of the EU
I'm talking about the German Teutonic Order
I'm really curious where so many people get the misconception that Poland is somewhere in the Arctic
You put pineapple on pizza and suddenly it's not pizza?
Her god damn pointy ass nose and her hair (Kersti Kaljulaid)
Winter
I would like to add choir to the mix
I wish we could take that down to 0%.
That is why the Russian fake news machine propagates this fake news into all their other outlets masking the source and hoping more and more places not under their control or influence will also pick this up.
But in the real usage, are the two used and are they distinguished from the three?
Yes, Brits, better make the memories last!
English is the first language of the majority, English is still classified as a native language.
I mean, sure - socio-economic aspects related to the former socialist rule, but anything else?
ridiculously simple, too, which is a plus in my book :]
I've seen [similar] ones
I'm not sure what runoff is, but each second round only two best candidates from previous round participate.
The moment you realize there's a man behind this cross!
So far it is not happening
Most tourists are from Finland, a total of 48%, but many of these are just day-trips.
I'm not in any way demonizing them, they are a minority living in a society that would like them to integrate, but the reality is that they feel sidelined.
Most beautiful city in the world, fight me bih
And our largest island is literally named Island land (Saaremaa)
In the past hyphenated names were more of a thing (eg
So no, absolutely no sympathy for them.
Dislike is just irrational atitude.
A remarkable difference is seen in the response of the Crimean Tatars to this key question, with only 28% agreeing that life was improving.
And these aspects might push people to move, both for higher salary and more interesting work
But there's still a Russian threat out there
But there is not that much to do, especially with covid
I'd kinda support it as well, but at least in the near 200-300 years, not going to happen.
There are no people in this thread yelling that True Nazism has never been tried and it was just excesses of one man
" that translates to something among the lines of "wish you strength/energy for the work you're doing
Home Alone and Die Hard are shown on TV every year during Christmas
Named the grand egg mountain (suur munamägi) its an amazing 318 METERS from the coastline.
No, it has to do with Soviet anti-religious stance and their skewed idea of atheism.
There are actually plenty troublesome rules, maybe my estonian is just very shit but I often find that it's too hard as a language
Oh my, you really made me miss tiny travelling like that
100k+ wages for top specialists pretty much don't exist in Europe
I mean, WW2 knowledge about Germany is pretty universal for everyone in Europe, not just for our own national historiography
It seems it is so ingrained in the mindset.
It's not like they were selling that data
Everything else is pronounced the way its written
Salaries in countries like Switzerland and Norway would be nice
I've seen plenty of posts on this sub even, made by Baltic people, calling for war with Russia, so perhaps that person had a reason to wonder.
You mean to tell that they also communicate with their clients in Russian?
It'll be up to the member states
What are rules
"Draakon" is somewhat more common nowadays, and is most strongly associated with rhe high fantasy type of dragons like Game of Thrones and LOTR
*Allegory
It has no real functions
Seems like Estonia has 1 pornstar + one chopped up pornstar with some body parts missing
Could you not, many thanks Europe
There are school trips to other countries in almost every European country, Are you sure you don‘t have any in Finland
Could you explain how that principle applies here?
Damn covid
At least it's a glorious era
If they have air pockets inside them they kind of get sluggish, like when boiling you take a bite and water pours out, I don't really like those.
Sort of unrelated, don't you think?
The flag gradually became an unofficial symbol and was adopted as the national flat of the Republic of Estonia upon independence.
I actually think, if done tastefully its pretty great
Scottish and Irish accents are very different from English accent.
That's true - only intra-family [i.e.
That's truth
Nowadays getting a story out takes 2 minutes and if you fall behind competitors you're losing readers
You can watch an English language documentary about it [here]
*Orava* is the genitive form in Estonian, as well as a settlement
The original lofi girl is already in France (Lyon)
So basically a pointless press conference from him?
I find that disappointing, I love using "cazzo"
Or maybe restrict double passports to other EU countries.
Even without any additional contributions money invested now after 10 years will grow in real value two times
The only people, that are nostalgic about the Soviet Union in Estonia are very old Russians
So this seems quite young
>So your investment 10 years ago at best would not have decreased
This is not the first time this kind of thing has been done ([Soviet Union annexed Baltic states with similar methods]#Soviet_occupation_and_annexation_1940.E2.80.931941)).
Standard Estonian has lost vowel harmony.
This is Reddit, not 9GAG after all ;)
Or approach with *Здравствуйте!*
or alternatively  you pay for it and get it immediately
Honestly it's fine
Oh gosh, this is not a petty issue ;)
I have no idea what
But there is not that much to do, especially with covid
I've always believed it was thanks to Reagan mostly, but I've read some academic literature about that and it seems to rather counter that understanding.
Think about all those times anybody has raised issues about regulations in Europe and how it's stifling
King Leopold was horrible even by the standards of his own time
We already have common border and currency systems that include majority of EU countries, that limits the powers of countries, so why not go with common car registration system
Well I live in the suburbs or near the city like half the time, especially in summer, either in [Mähe]ähe,+Tallinn/@59.4818675,24.8613573,6756m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x4692ed35c1bea6c5:0xdc9e76be91cbee12!8m2!3d59.4885716!4d24.8649804) on the Viimsi Peninsula, or in [Laulasmaa] a bit further west from Tallinn.
Speaking additional languages is more of a nice-to-have thing, generally not expected
It's like people don't get the most important benefit of NATO - best deterrence in the history of the world.
Nobody has been forcing Germany to neglect their military for the past decades also.
It probably is if he's a Jihadi himself.
Estonia's population was most likely higher than Finland's up until the Livonian War.
Recently post-uni and I moved back to my home town and temporarily live with my parents again.
Send help (and beer)
Suck it losers
Anyway, my point is he drove a really sweet decked out lada:
You also conveniently left out articles (non existent in Russian or Estonian) and tenses (12 in English vs 3 in Russian and 2 in Estonian (present and future look the same grammatically)
Don't have to stress around trying to find a Cafe where you wont get robbed
If for example you were to buy some government bonds then you would be a lender to a government.
But if you really want an average
Doesn't matter which way it is, I consider it relatively absurd that they didn't hold him for 48h to check EVERYTHING.
This might be true in the Eastern block as whole.
30am in March
What do you mean by "in Eastern Europe"?
It sure looks like a shitty island.
The EDL is just volunteers who want much more training.
But otherwise bears and wolves of course, but they are unlike to attack unless provoked
Is Latin really the spoken language there or rather just the official language?
Honestly, whatever, as long as we don't end up more than 1 hour ahead of Central Europe and in a different time zone from Finland and Latvia/Lithuania
That's just for the cheap ones!
They don't understand by making it legal here, there would be much less street dealers selling it to underage kids (wouldn't say it would dissapear totally)
What would Italy do if there was no EU to pass these refugees and migrants on to?
Almost nobody is fucking happy in such situation
>then parts of the countries are per definition ethnically related
Parts of Northeastern Estonia went through massive Russification during the Soviet occupation, so nowadays the situation looks like [this] Their youth definitely still speaks Russian
Most likely, there weren't many castles on Estonian islands.
Not very common either, mostly just left over from the the end of the last century, rural people probably still use them sometimes
i have since been to torino, italy, and can confirm that it's in fact in italy, even if i still forget sometimes
Reformierakond (Reform Party)(Liberal)
Only online oe go to the store
So better to sell all the gas as soon as possible
We're so keen on boycotting that we lost 2-6
Indeed, I remember making a grammar map of European languages and it was sort of mind-boggling when some Slovenians explained it to me.
Just as an aside, no windows here include screens (none that I have seen, anyway)
I think many know the other language at least to a degree.
God, I hate that guy
Binnish bemes :D :D :D :D
Not reacting would collapse the whole alliance because why would anyone contribute to it if it wont deliver its purpose.
[Apparently, Sweden and UK have similar passenger modal share, almost twice that of Finland, but UK has a lot more total passenger-kilometers (a factor of ten more) than sweden, as well as more rail network distance per area]
Oulu - Capital of Northern Scandinavia
Sadly, getting anywhere from Estonia by train is a hassle - you can't even buy a train ticket from Estonia to anywhere outside
Because the EU is not dealing with the defense issue..
I'll take dry +40 over that, -40 is just too much to be outside, no matter how many layers you have
I know a person from an Estonian island (that has distinct intonation), who studies in Germany for three years.
>. This in turn has more to do with socio-demographic changes
Feel free to continue with the same "arguments".
Swedish Empire had universal education and this was not dismantled by the Russian Empire
Blind chicken- basically it was hide&seek + catch mixed
Denmark's electricity system is connected to Scandinavia and the mountains you are looking for are in Norway and Sweden
It all depends on how the population feels about it.
In Estonia we are taught UK English.
Definitely one of the spookiest locations
There's something wrong with a country when the flag is meant to look threatening.
Unlike other such traditional religious communities, neopagans don't live together in a distinct region, live all over the country and really don't have any longer history as a religious community.
North Estonian and Finnish diverged later
What's up with Estonia is a better question
Southern Estonian dialects have retained it, but the standard is based on Northern Estonian dialects.
etc
I am not even sure if diplomats actually have a job.
I'm leaning torwards 2/3 Middle Eastern, 1/3 European.
In Estonian most words are similar, but aren't actually a combination of words
Yeah, but it would still have to reflect reality somehow and military size is an important factor here.
Are you asking me how many jobs have been lost to low cost jurisdictions?
Well definitely not *hell* (Estonian for "tender") for us.
We shouldn't change the meaning of words now, just destroy the reputation of those who misuse with harsh criticism and lack of support.
Their potential voters also have more options now.
The less possibilities there are the less likely are they to go France.
First: i think we got something similar with the dubs but it isn't always a single dude (sometimes there's 2 of 'em)
Russian fighter jets making demonstrative overflights on Georgian territory despite Georgia's protests.
Why, their actions are straight out of the 1930s and 1940s...
I have hyperhidrosis so it's nearly impossible to go outside with that weather
We could have like some celebrations that are hosted by a different member every year
"kadedus" means jealousy and to be jealous, you say "kade olema"
" jokes
Or he did exploit something
I have not met one as I don't know any
Miss France was dark, because French Guiana is also France.
DIS-GUS-TANG
So as much possible, i use internet only using English
Most intelligent person I have ever met.
I love German answers
You're either pro-West or a social outcast in these countries...
We had a singing revolution to free ourselves from the Soviets, no blood, no bullets, just patriotic song and our fellow people
Earlier - under Russian, Swedish, German, Danish, Polish rule
Crazy that it may have wiped out the remains of Doggerland.
This is near Onion news worthy.
* That nazi flag with iron cross
For example the president *doesn't have to* give the winning party the rights to create the government, he/she only can name people in certain government institutions, he/she is the supreme leader of the national defence, he/she can decline proposed bills.
I think Thierry, Theo and Jan will all be part of the next parliament.
Happy indepedence day from Estonia, thanks for selling our booze for half the price
You have to put a -d (ööd) at the back if you want to say good night in Estonian (head ööd)
At the childhood home never
That's a really nice way to avoid insulting OP for why excluded all the other countries!
Can't see those double standards here.
Come visit again if you haven't. /r/Eesti if you have questions
Exploring and working in Europe in summer.
Life has been pretty crap for most of the time in history so there are probably just two options for me
The places where stuff like > or < or @ etc are are the same as on Swedish keyboards (i.e quite different from the English keyboard layout)
1990s were an exceptionally weird time for music, especially in the post-socialist world due to having only recently lost all kinds of "moral limitations".
We forget that the bottles are at a higher risk of ending in nature if the deposit scheme malfunctions
What % of tax may be better before the elections, may not be so after the elections, even in the eyes of the same party.
Regarding a comparison with the 90s - stuff has changed somewhat, yeah
Everywhere else I've been, water is perfect in my opinion
>I know that line cutting is going to happen
The Soviet Union however had a lot more efficient governing system.
Oklahoma Belarus is my favourite
Besides Estonian I’m also fluent in English, German and Spanish so obviously I can also get by in these countries
Looking at twitter, there are Turkish people mentioning ottoman.
It's like Poland would want to get into Western Europe.
Yeah, same here, over here the mentality of "Russia bad" was really strong (understandably) for like the first two decades after independence, so there is a generation who knows really little about Russia, other than it's poor and drunk
Eu4: hungary
Use it only for peaceful purposes!
As for "why not beat you up" - that is a very clear case of robbery with force, which can be reported to police
They get hard as a rock when cold :(
It's like when you say that Swedish and Portuguese are related and expect to find something common in the two languages.
not exactly historically petty, but there are still people at this point who insist that the lands Estonia owned and Russia took over the Soviet occupation should be returned to Estonia, 25 years after the occupation ended and with no Estonian speakers left in the areas.
VLC media player still has some problems though with playing videos sometimes
It's often said, altough it's quite interesting as the direct quote seems to have a meaning that hard work will pay off and not to give up
Not that I don't agree with what u/fluchtpunkt said, but how can you even come up with such arguments?
Time to start investing into their neutered military then.
The biggest enemy for the Russian people has always been their government
yeah
Until the issues closely associated with immigration are dealth with this whole "populism" thing isn't going way for good.
&#x200B;
You don't get it
And we say *jõehobu* ("river horsie").
There is a similar picture from that military drill with American soldiers with American flag and people argue in the thread how provocative it is and how bad behavior it is for participants of a drill to take a picture with their flag and all sorts of weird talk.
We have both "Estonian language" and "literature" as subjects.
[Saaremaa islanders] pronounce the vowel Õ as Ö and they are clearly distinguishable.
He lived next to a military airport in Tartu Estonia and he saw Russian pilots crashing their planes cuz they were drunk
People make jokes and criticize US internal issues and stupidities, but that's about it.
Only idiots read russian propaganda and believe it.
Of course it could be better, it always could and should.
We were independent from 1918-1940 as well and people use 1918 to count the age of our country
We don't really have natural disasters here as many lists often bring out Estonia as one of the safest countries in this category.
Sa ei ole mulle muud kui ainult järgmine sihtmärk.
So if you had a gun, then you would instantly go and murder bunch of people?
As we have a lot of coast and islands, these areas have a milder climate and temperatures rarely go below -10
I havent heard a single non-native people who has mastered it
It is a part of compulsory literature at most schools - and usually also popular among kids
Oh my god I read that totally wrong and I was proper confused
He also promised to cut jobs in the public sector I think, something like 500-600k, labor unions are going to be happy about that.
but at least it was not nationalist like modern day Russia
no gas deals with germany/europe in general
Actually, I was just discussing this fact with my friend a few days ago - that Libya is so big on the map, but that I can't really recall anything specific about it
And the government
Checks time: it's whatever o'clock - it's still Finland.
Not a single higher spot in Estonia, but a few bumps in Latvia and Lithuania
Guests are usually treated well, with lots of food and with enough conversation (even if the quiet Estonians have to force themselves into it).
1) I have no idea as I finished school in Soviet Union
So many opt for German or French instead, just like I did (I only started officially learning English in 5th grade, while I studied German for 11 years).
Good, but we need more
OP used the wrong word as well.
You also conveniently left out articles (non existent in Russian or Estonian) and tenses (12 in English vs 3 in Russian and 2 in Estonian (present and future look the same grammatically)
It's not about 10 December, it's any random date after their sale becomes legal.
the EU in general has definitely been positive for us, though I am a bit concerned about preserving our language and culture in the future.
But I've understood the case system disappeared in Dutch centuries ago and was officially dropped from written Dutch after World War II.
I'm really not into sauerkraut.
The colosseum, it looked like an abandoned construction site.(with a lot of people)
It's relatively easy to sing along, although *armas* ("sweet") and *kallis* ("dear") tend to mix up all the time.
Russia
You may have not but it absolutely happens, particularly online, there are friends with whom up to 80% of communication is in English
Also a little bit of "It's the EU's fault
>Only 70 pro-independence votes out of 135-seat chamber
We don't have our own cool name, but the funkiest I've heard is Russian "sabachka" - a little/cute dog, a cute diminutive, something like "doggo".
[This] looks like your very regular Christmas dinner table in Estonia.
You can't separate aftermath of the war from the events of the war - even the fact that Russians aren't allies comes from events of the war(occupation of eastern europe by ussr in 1944-45)
We have (or had idk) the largest precent of alchoholics per population in the world (estonia)
It doesn't really matter if a country has 50% of the world's nukes or 10%, both numbers are more than enough.
Still obeys to all the rules set by Germany
Well, I think that's a bit ridiculous.
Kalmyks are not the remnants of the mongol invasions.
On the backs of those common folk on the streets, they managed to quickly form a local-government of sorts and while Russia then tried to quell the resistance it was too far gone and they simply appeased
Obviously it shouldn't be forgotten, but I don't think that Germans and Germany now should feel guilty for any of this.
Median net salary adjusted for purchase power is the start of what you're looking for.
] who are waiting for a check from their last article
Below 4€, while it would've been 8€ just a year before
It's not my native language and of course I expect everyone to speak it too, like how do you use the internet these days without it, I'm truly baffled
Or well, you can, but nobody will return your money and this means very few people are willing to bother, even less carry over their empty bottles to another country
I see your really cashing in with the free karma
Nope, I'm referring to the egg glaze that people here in Europe do :)
I honestly don't even know what Le Pen's economic policy is, this might be a tactic as well.
It may actually happen in a more distant future.
How does abolishing it “marginalise” German-Turks and “surrender” them to the “authoritarian master”, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Turkish president?
Well, it's kinda hard to do when both sides tried to not let the other sides propaganda thtough
Ida-Virumaa has by-far the highest crime rate by capita, and while it’s true that the total number of crimes in Harjumaa is higher, you have to account for the fact that Harjumaa’s population is more than 5 times greater
Considering mostly only Tallinn is really a popular tourist attraction, the small, yet very beautiful resort towns of [Haapsalu] and [Kuressaare] in Western Estonia often get overlooked.
So technically, yes
Estonian name actually comes from the Tatars (people), because  buckwheat  came here from asian part of Russia
He only did it because he left everything east of Poland to the USSR and he knew what would happen to those people.
What is ø pronounced like
You take a ferry to Sweden and from there to Germany
Russia is an extremely important economic partner for Kazakhstan, so they can't really afford a stand-off either
Yeah, you took the lead from /r/Verawolf!
Is there anywhere to swim though?
Oh don't worry, [we've got it covered]#/media/File:Production_of_oil_shale.png)!
After that he worked for Radio Free Europe and because of that he couldn't visit Estonia throughout the rest of the Soviet occupation
We have the power, for example, to forever veto visa freedom for Russians
hejsan, jag är nu den tredje som du har träffat.
Exactly, he is pro-EU and besides probably would be more receptive to listening of the Estonian side
Yes, because many sovereign states in Europe must be more nationalistic than these possibly pro-secessionist areas.
Well according to the [university metric] you clearly were doing something right :P
So it's Estonian
Nobody is throwing all of them into battle at once.
L/R difference and getting the R rolling.
It is lovely to walk around the old town, parks and riverside and also elsewhere if you're interested in architecture
Pelmeenid
You meant it sarcastically, but there is truth to that
It was used commonly when we were occupied by Germans so yup
It is entirely possible that the expression came into Estonian a long time later.
Thanks, EU
Lithuania has been at the forefront of this issue in Europe right now
It can't be worse than +40 in central France like it was a few years ago can't it
Holy cheeseburger
I am somewhat unintrigued by the landlocked Central-European countries: Czech Republic,  Slovak Republic, Austria
/r/BlackMetal wants to talk to you
No it didn't. It lead to misery and lost opportunities as did socialism everywhere
It's not a viewpoint, companies have no obligation to follow any sort of moral code because it's VERY subjective what is moral behaviour in any given situation
I actually thought our was something like 1.3.
Well, you can have different emphasis and different interpretations.
People are used to different temperatures in different places, but I'm sure that almost everywhere climate changes noticeably
the fact that i dont want to eat their oversalted rice has nothing to do with malnourished kids somewhere in africa, and is highly unnecessary
If it's the city bus then no, but in long-distance buses yes.
>It was how we dealt with the aftermath of the war
- 14 (Si) - Räni
3 days following /r/AskEurope and this is the average post - Americans asking retarded questions about Europe.
Yes, Central-West/Central-East division exists as Northern Europe and the Mediterranean have strongly different climate zones.
" , we have just reached the stage where every more vocal politician is at the head of Brexit negotiation so
People generally refer to people with these hyphenated names by their full name (i.e the second part is not a middle name)
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Kamakura
You left out killing infidels and heretics
Gymnasium seems to be common in (mainland) Europe and we know exactly what it refers to, so I'd go for it
Helsinki feels as safe your own neighbourhood in my experience
So you care about symbolical numbers, not real numbers?
You comment negatively on everything Russian.
The literature of the national revival is disproportionately of Lutheran background (Donelaitis, Storost, Scheu, etc)
Getting closer to the EU is within the interests with the Ukraine.
The term soft law carries a whole different meaning and it is really intended to be soft law.
Hating the Danish is more of a running joke than anything genuine
If I didn't consume 95% of my media in English I'd never have learned to speak it and I'd forget it it within a few years
I live in 2 places, Peetri and Jüri
Lol, that's a good one
Similarly to Helsinki, it has dense Art Nouveau quarters in the centre, something that Tallinn almost completely lacks
this is pedantic as fuck
In the 1990s many laws were basically just copy-paste versions of German law.
They're probably not going to be the losers.
But clothers with logos are still commonly worn, especially Nike and Puma shirts and hoodies, also tiny logos on coats and jackets
I've never heard anyone call a teacher a Mr or Mrs in real life.
Stereotypically, they have low education, are from a rural place, have shallow values (money, cars, women) and act annoyingly (drinking, loud etc)
ISIS beheads people because they believe this is necessary to get build their Caliphate and they feel entitled to have it.
We need to take historical context into account
God jul och gott nytt år! ️
Polish MP's rant in EU parliament: "Women deserve less pay because they are weaker and less intelligent"
From wild mushrooms to actual moss I think that generally nordic cuisine has a lot to offer
Yes, the Institute of the Estonian Language, they publish dictionaries and their website which provides advice is probably visited very often, as the grammatical rules of estonian are quite hard to remember sometimes
The radical-left in Estonia is composed of Russians, who most definitely are not pandering to Muslims.
Actually it is a birth defect and even WHO considers it as a mental illness.
Well there was this worldwide a discussion about what way should you place [the toilet paper roll] \- does the paper roll off from the upper/front (over) or lower/back side (under)
I think I may have misunderstood then, sorry.
Teenagers especially like to think about life , death and universe and what it all means, so it's usually really interesting to have all those discussions
Only during the Russification period did Russian Empire try to change it
Or well, you can, but nobody will return your money and this means very few people are willing to bother, even less carry over their empty bottles to another country
24,3% was when asked only about their region.
> also socialism in Hungary ultimately led to improving workers and farmers lives, at least in a materialist sense
Yeahbut only as a non-required subject
Grammar-wise it may be possible but I’ve never encountered anyone who hasn’t lived their whole life in an Estonian-speaking environment making no grammar mistakes
However religious people are and will remain unintelligent and that's a sad fact.
The parades most likely just polarize the people.
There is no "might makes right" in public international law!
Yes it is but the overtaking was done in a shady fashion.
I "thank" Winter War because Finland stood up and that kind of leaves a big black spot in USSR/Russian history as they can't really claim moral superiority during WW2 era, forever more or less
One of them was even a tutor and quite popular.
Religious reasons
changing something in Donald Duck on Christmas
You call it council estate, we call it home
This is often just met with "lol if you can't follow the rules, then your business shouldn't exist". There's no desire to even understand *why* some of these rules are difficult to deal with
The word was borrowed from Baltic languages into Estonian
And Finland is the step bro who isn't in the family
I have no idea what was the reason - perhaps the centralization policies of the Era of Silence.
So that drunk people couldn't buy more alcohol in the middle of drinking
Also they have six toes on each foot
The independence and sovereignty of Estonia are timeless and inalienable
Just be polite and respectful
The quality of life for a well-educated person in Eastern Europe ain't that much different from that of Western Europe.
Second - Europeans are more frugal than americans (this is broad generalization, I get it)
From 1939 to 1941 Soviet Union was a Nazi collaborator.
In practice ... I have no idea how much anyone saves
Historically it wouldn't matter, NATO or no NATO
It's easy to think that things are bad now but 2014/2015 and even 2016 were really bad
I'd say we are an adopted child of the baltic family
It's always the russians
We have 2 or 3 pairs of bigger orange Fiskars scissors, honestly they seem to show up everywhere so I have no clue how many pairs we actually have
Guys, we [just had this question]
All Estonians were dressed in their usual shades of dark brown, grey and black with an occasional beige or if you're very lucky then navy or maroon
Funnily enough, that's where I grew up
Something like this makes me glad that I live in a small european country
For some reason very few know the geographical difference of the words "elk" and "moose" and always say "moose" as it is a far more distinct word.
What makes you say Estonia (as the state itself) is trying very hard?
In the ones that might not approve, you simply use the times when nobody is at home
In my school, at the beginning of this year we all got to choose a new subject
Blue is pretty common too
I am very curious about how Estonian language sounded back then, what the daily life looked like and what the beliefs and customs were
Vast amounts of Russians were brought in for that during the Soviet occupation to build up the industry.
Decameters are rarely used because it's just easier to say things like "15 meters" instead of "1 decameter and 5 meters". Centiliters are actually often used for volume of liquids
What, you think those people on their way to work and children walking home from school are invincible to dangers
I think we shouldn't exclude anyone and see the world as it is.
Everyone is scared of a tsunami in eu that's why we don't fully go on nuclear power
You can have either of them
So they can be found in pretty much every big city in central Russia
So it would be too risky and useless to do an Ukraine here
Germany football club Borussia Dortmund's twitter was hacked today, tweeting in support of Erdogan's regime and calling Germany and the Netherlands nazis
We say wraps (*wrapid*) as well, but also "rolls" (*rullid*).
>You can criticize politicians for their decisions
Finns like sauna
no, that's the president
It is a macro ethnic group though.
Carbon - Vuhlets' (Coal-thing)
Sometimes they just greenscreen though.
That's a whole different story.
EDIT: also our independence day is February 24th, so Estonia is exactly 102 years old today
Cons: Extremely racist, sexist etc boomers around every corner
Mobile data isn't the same as WiFi
But there are plenty of people who would take a ride from Rapla to Tallinn for example, which is a 1 hour trip
Nazi Germany, Soviet Union and other participants used horse mounted troops in WW2
In 2014, the FYR Macedonia made the most remarkable advance in the EHCI scoring of any country in the history of the Index, from 27th to 16th place, largely due to more or less eliminating waiting lists by implementing their **real time e-Booking system**!
The longest road tunnel of any type is [
We say nojaa or nojah or alternatively no nii
For this reason there is support for Hillary here winning the election.
We need to use every possible mean to influence others to do that too
E.g. Balti jaam is probably one of the ugliest and most impractical central stations in Europe
Edit: formatting
* One fell because married PM danced & kissed with one other girl and resigned
Main idea is "they fought against bolshevism, duh". It's even worse in our neighbor Latvia, where parades of  SS unit veterans were held
Maybe I'd suggest Latvia
The only one who has *some* fame in some circles is [Arvo Pärt] I.e classical music
Wanting to chop off your dick or grow one seems pretty fucked up to me.
Yes, but little and rarely
I think Luidja beach in Hiiumaa is really nice
Under which authority would we go to a foreign sovereign state, redraw their borders, write their constitution, and dismantle their army?
Nazis sent some people into incineration ovens, Soviets sent other people to freeze and starve to death in Siberia.
Just need to keep the appearance and make sure you don't publish a story referring to another one in your network before they are online with it.
And generally speaking, residents tend to stick to the side of their home country
If it's a foreign name, then it's intentionally pronounced incorrectly.
I mostly chatted with my teacher about Mother Russia and Putin the greatest president in the world.
Estonians, Latvians, and Lithuanians are still mostly described in the Danish public sphere as criminal gangs.
He wasn't a man of great speeches.
Before  1918, for many years (and i mean many) we were occupied by Russians, Germans etc and when not occupied, this land wasnt called Estonia
Considering we have conscription and it also has its retired courses as reserves, and our professional reservists are included among them, then there is no special professional reserve.
Islanders think they vikings Vikings
Do you think people like that have any common logic, they been brainwashed by their own racist ideologies
Around 6 diffrent apples
These changes to fine calculations were made pretty recently (if not even during this year)
About 50,000 people were executed there, including more than 30,000 victims of the Holocaust
You could gift us Roņu sala...
That's an interpretation invented during the Internet era, it's not historical, nor something official
Less prepositions than English*
Russian occupation didn’t affect our cultural identity
"Social Liberals leader Martin Ostergaard posted on his Facebook page about his objection to the declaration.
Id argue that the whole humanity people have seeked liberty despite it being more dangerous
Yes, ethnic Russians have far, far higher crime rates than ethnic Estonians in Estonia.
Didn't notice that in Estonia
It kind of puts into perspective how much the EU will lose from Brexit also.
the blatant lies can be exposed and people know how to be vary.
I had to start doing assassinations as a part time job because thievery wasn't paying well enough.
Thanks for the link - I checked the 50s video in it and it was very inspiring, thoroughly enjoyed it:)
Pretty much
I see the line we are going for today:
oh, seems pretty dumb to count it as an indepdent case imo but good to know
To your edits: Estonia doesnt border Kaliningrad and our borders are either water or bogs for the most part
indirect elections) is not that much the problem, it's the majoritarian voting system that sends only the representatives of the winning party to the Electoral College from each state.
I think nothing has changed, at least not for now.
They were guerillas who lived in the forest
Curly Strings is the hit of the last few years with songs like [*Kättemaks*] ("Revenge") and [*Muu ei loe*] ("Nothing Else Matters").
Hilde, yes, but that's generally a girl's name if used
We praise the European Union but not being european
Blackboards are a lot dustier, and hard to clean but these smart whiteboards you can write on endless paper and after lesson send students the whiteboard page so they can rehearse.
Because Estonian people understand that there is no real alternative [yet]?
no way omg that sounds horrifying
Only tourists and foreign exchange students celebrate it here.
Except in the US Washington, DC is not the biggest city by far.
the illustration is wrong though, it should be these three in a human centipede formation
Usually they cut it's throat and let it bleed without using any stuns or pain reliefs.
Well yes, but if this incident hadn't happened, perhaps we could have defended ourselves better
Even when Estonia was in the Russian Empire, Narva was included in Estonian territory.
An average casual look is something like [that] and [that]
I don't really want to live abroad for the most part of my life and if the other person doesn't want to live here, then yes, that's a problem.
Although it would help the economy, this will NEVER happen.
You can't really compare Swiss referendums to these referendums of such great constitutional importance.
As in several others here, we use it as a verb, so we "do sex" - seksima (-ma in the end says its an action)
The countries that are bigger than others have also longer history
Estonia has a [high bear concentration] but bear sightings are very rare.
Läskit skotit homoilee
It is related to the reasons why Lithuania chose a different legal form than Estonia and Latvia.
Afaik and have heard, Estonia had it a bit more mellow during the soviet times
Pizza is undeniably the most popular one here.
If you were a little more careful, then you would notice that this was the joke.
That usually works with criminals.
The Crimean Tatars are known for strongly opposing the Russian occupation...
Because realistically, it's not that far away, but still, I've never known anyone who decides to just go a few towns over for dinner (unless you were going there anyway)
Did I really have to remind you of this again
I was actually talking about a lot of reddit users who support the idea.
Cape Verde - Roheneemesaared (green-cape-islands)
Im not really trying to defend anyone here, but I assume that the Polish cultural institute works with the culture of ethnic Poles, not with the culture of "X-Polish people".
I am curious however if someone can find their version of the clip
Well, for us the Soviet Union was worse than the Nazis as well, even though we are strongly irreligious now and didn't care that much about religion back then either.
It’s a very polarising topic, but I hope to see some progress in the near future
i dont go to restaurants often, but i dont see how eating alone could be weird
We have to start pushing for Latvia into Nordic
Sina ei ole minu jaoks mitte midagi muud kui ainult sihtmärk.
Russia and the Baltics, meanwhile, I don't think needs much commenting
A muslim immigrant who believes homisexuality is sin and women should "behave" is not modern Danish.
Also, before the aforementioned person, Germany was a blood hungry bunch of evil people
First it would be too expensive, second rather difficult to maintain in the Baltics with a low population.
No one really
Kilpkonn - shield frog (turtle)
&#x200B;
The sidebar showing the hectares of forests is highly misleading tho.
Without the current covid-situation it would be just impossible to make a picture of this place during daytime without crodws of tourists
When on TV, I don't remember who but some celebrity was asked where she is from
A typical show of this type I guess, shows boring small town life even though it's filmed in the suburbs of Tallinn most of the time
And transporting goods from Tartu to Western-Estonia is not too complicated.
I wouldn't say it's that common here.
All towns and villages outside the capital region are depopulating
I mean my own country saw an opportunity when the power of Moscow was weak and took to the streets
They were established as such in 1938.
It is also useful for history and social studies lessons, as different religions have influenced culture and politics and vice versa
We lost our freedom in 1939 to Russians again and then we got it back in 1991
I call bullshit on most of the red eastern block here though
Very good, you are well equipped
> Ngl, objectively speaking, it's difficult to argue that Germany and Estonia are equally important
We have KFC here at Estonia
Yeah, it's cool that Standard Estonian has lost vowel harmony, yet some Southern Estonian dialects have retained it.
Maybe Putin needed to get some heat off because of Belarus and Turks are also fine with some limited slaguhter
If you take the difference in prices into account, then Estonia's wages are about 70% of that in Finland
Also if u had friends at the store they would put weiners under the counter for your family, that's because most of the shelfs were in empty
Especially considering that it must be a pretty big order
> It's a very small risk that everyone has to be *willing* to take in order to leave in a safer society
At the 2015 elections, they got a total of 58.8% of the votes.
But "Talin" is just
In Denmark it's relatively common to have two first names and two surnames (judging from my Danish acquaintances at least)
If yes, what did you use to make this
Not sure it would work in winter though - here it would leave only a couple hours at midday for school, haha
Reason is simple - football was a lot more popular among Russian immigrants and Estonians sort of found other sports as watching Russian-dominated games was rather boring.
AND occasionally being a blood donor
I have a very simple [1 dl cup] for that, why would I need any more?
At least we are higher than Lithuania
That isn't entirely true, it's just that no country and no tons of people actually defend racist and fascist regimes
Aka *longero*, *gunnar* or *gin* [*džinn*] in Estonian.
All the horror stories are mostly from the WWI, times were much more difficult then, especially with the deportations
I only learned enough that I can easily read and understand basic words.
You can't drink at a football match
Perhaps, but people moving to a town like Pärnu aren't really looking for jobs in the agriculture sector.
Not necessarily rougher (like someone stereotypically pronouncing German as if everyone was an SS soldier kind of way), but still more concrete
At this point everything was better than Soviets, even Germans
Do you know what a political union is?
Russia didn't control a third of Estonia in that year.
Most likely especially insular and coastal Estonians were very strongly integrated with Norse people, either on good terms or bad terms or really both
From the suburbs it's relatively easy to get to the city via public transport, from further away it's a little bit of a hassle.
They differ like day and night.
Germans and also we have the expression "[behind] Swedish curtains" for "in prison", which derived from this era in Germany I presume.
If someone's going that far then he might as well put leashes on them as well :D
It depends though - when the person is well-integrated, he or she may work at an Estonian work environment and then the ethnicity basically doesn't matter.
Ah, finally we have a warm sea
Prime minister (the one how has power) is chosen in the parliamentary election, where the party or parties who have the most seats become the government
(I am extremely skeptical about your claim)
However im not to keen on the US, I think in an optimal scenario i would stay somewhere in Europe.
Well technically yes, it is a mental illness [by definition] but it doesn't have any negative effects aside from it being harder to find a partner, so it does not need to be treated.
Can't even imagine the awful world we would be living in if either one were successful.
I don't know that many European fast food restaurants, but you Finns really got something right with Hesburger
structure was rebuilt from scratch basically), etc
Some of the most important current issues in Estonia:
Built up a democratic state
Smart cards that work nationwide would be a much better solution
It might look to some people like the private school system in the US, and most europeans don't see it as a success story.
yes
That's some Russian internet and I am sure getting the color of fake blood right would not be that difficult
We usually just beat you up for such remarks.
Thank you
But for us it's depressing to survive in 30 C weather...
Tried to do the neccessary reforms
Anyways, I wouldn't say the fact that they look the same is much respected here.
It's probably the most common police vehicle, the most recognisable anyway
Excellent, the effects of Estonian culture are finally taking hold
sex is a verb in estonian, so we just sex
As I understood, this isn't a north v.
also the song jake and mlep(clay)nos from brooklyn 99 sang, has estonian lyrics although mlepnos is from some random made up country lol
I've heard alot of stories from old people (even old Estonians) that they miss the soviet union and how everything was in order then, for example Edgar Savisaar one of the people who helped us get our freedom said a few years back when he visited Russia that there was more order and everything was "nice"  back then
Now they have just greated more and more space for cars for years and wow guess what, the traffic is still shit
Because they fought against the re-invading Soviets
He's (supposedly) the most performed living composer in the world
Well, that's what happens if you violently cut a country in two
If five Yule parties are in a mansion, but one group doesn't have the money to organize their Yule party in a mansion due to being robbed by thieves, does it mean that their Yule party is really not a Yule party?
"Highest cork production" sounds like a back-handed compliment
This is really as PC as you could possibly put them :D
With males it is more complicated, but with females it's usually really easy
Russia had problems with its currency in the end of 2014 and then 2015, the economy is till weakened, but the government is still standing.
I'd say Russia and Russians have been a lot unfriendlier to me my whole life
I do find it somewhat odd that it is so unknown in Germany, not because I don't know that we are a small country and far away from you, but because you guys had so much land and huge mansions here, a lot of relatives here etc, and these rich Germans still lived here right until 1939-1941 ( *Umsiedlung*)
Median wage is also significantly different from average - almost 300 euros lower
9 in Harjumaa
Äitah
Assuming that you were referring to R1a in Scandinavia then this probably doesn't originate from Slavs (at least not to a large extent).
Gaming industry != setting up data centers tbh.
It was really ridiculous to see the word "pride parade" thrown around in partnership law debates, as if anyone even remembered a parade that took place in 2007.
my parents spoke russian, even though my mom barely spoke it at the time
They carry national flags on public holidays.
All unheard of
You are right about Vilnius in particular, but there were also large border changes during the Soviet occupation.
"Thanks" is "aitäh" or "tänud". The latter exists as verb "tänama" and it is conjugated pretty same way as in finnish (tänan, tänad, tänab, täname, tänate, tänavad)
The truth is everybody is envious of Russia
If you weren't homophobic before, I can't see why you would be after you've seen a gay parade.
I think it's true for many countries with dominating capitals, Poland with Warsaw for example.
Cold: -20 to -5
Yes
It's not like the Christmas market is the only thing to do in Tallinn...
Estonians never really embraced Christianity fully, except perhaps in the 19th century
What do you expect, normal people got the hell off Twitter four years ago
"Thanks" is "aitäh" or "tänud". The latter exists as verb "tänama" and it is conjugated pretty same way as in finnish (tänan, tänad, tänab, täname, tänate, tänavad)
and that stayed up for a good few years for kids aged 6-18 and teachers and any visitors to see
I contributed to pissing in old town standing shoulder to shoulder in the same alleys
I want to kill myself every year when all of a sudden it gets dark an hour earlier and I won't see the sun coming home from work for four months because of it
Eurostat disagrees with you:
Really most if not all European countries have one - they are not mouthpieces of the government, but are independent in their content.
I remember one time when someone was shot, they were running st the policeman with a knife or something similar
In those 51 years humanity has created several satellite global positioning systems with precision down to couple meters
usually finland, bc im not too excited about russia and well latvia tends to suck at the sports i care about as well
For older ones, not all, but the more popular ones (mentioned in news and tv-series) will be
From your list, only "flat" is used, but only as a synonym for "apartment".
They were in power for too long and they got lazy.
But will change jobs soon, so again, going by car, but I already dread the traffic in the evening leaving the office, a bus goes also there directly, but then I'd have to walk \~15 minutes to the bus stop, then travel by bus etc
Lol, you actually think this doesn't have a huge influence on these economies anymore?
Finland- cold on the streets, warm under the sheets and sauna
Baltic Assembly, but it exists merely as a formality
Cold:-20- -3
Most know the 20th century very well, but only the basics from before, like the crusade against Estonians and the existence of serfdom after that.
How the hell should we organize a municipal reform.
They are not in the EU, except Slovenia and Croatia, whose languages are included.
It was impossible to understand until I started learning it and even after that they would have easily got away with it when just avoiding the most simple words
Each district should have its own song honestly
Also, a clue into the origins of Estonians and Finns might be in linguistics
No, as my flair says - I'm Estonian.
Yeah THC got somehow legal as "food  supplement" or something like that (But the police are still harrasing those who grow and sell it once a while, even if everything is legal)
Oh my god
We have purple
For a long time I used to say "Jaa
Please exaplin what "secure the outer border" means?
I visited Poland last summer and I felt like I was in a crazy pop-up ad
Now that this issue has gone so far and it has become obvious that we the people need to raise our voices, could you give us some suggestions on what to tell out MEPs
That's a really bad mindset which is present in pretty much every eastern-bloc country
I'm sure fairly narrow rural roads with trees acting as barriers all around have something to do with it too
We often don't know if politicians are believers or not because no one care.
Katariina instead of Jekaterina)
In Estonian it would be *kasemahl* ("birch juice"), but context gives it away as Birch Sap Month as well.
IT and communication, finance/economics, energetics, law
So as much possible, i use internet only using English
We had a more cultural high school grad trip to Greece but hearing the storys from classes that went to Bulgaria make me a bit jealous
Just an excuse to be unhealthy with people you don't really like
Ah, ok
It's not as beautiful as travel guides and other shit say
The Soviets repeated this in Riga and Tallinn government area was barricaded as well, but luckily, most likely due to international pressure, they didn't attack Tallinn until the August Coup, when luckily nobody died.
Now ..... later
Pesukaru(wash bear)=raccoon
yes, even in cold weather and snow
He had a baby here
Ah, a figure of speech perhaps then.
[Mu isamaa on minu arm] was seen as the unofficial anthem when singing our real anthem was forbidden during the Soviet occupation
) at about 4 am to sober up from a party during summer, twice without any issues
I love it when one day its 20°c at noon and the next its 0°c
What country that is far away from your own, feels for some reason very similar
Interesting how similar it is to my school in Estonia, even the Wednesday thing
Sweden
But we have seen what you are describing from France and US in the last few years
Sadly yes
I don't think any other language has that
For example, trams in Tallinn
[2:1 for Estonia] for this ice-cream commercial!
I think it was from the last one.
adjective describing snow that has become soft and slightly moist because of warmer weather and that can be used to make snowballs or snowmen
Nobody really minds all types of immigrants.
Nobody works 7 days a week because of Sunday shopping...
Empty bantering is 0% knowledge.
Or just go full Nero and make the next years one twice as big
Russia has nothing to do with the model Estonia adopted after the occupation.
Compound words are pretty fucked
Add to that the fact that they have no real power anymore so it comes with few benefits that outweigh the negatives
While obviously very militaristic (since it was originaly created to prepear young boys for mandatory service) we also spend most of our time outside
Disputed =/= not conventional language group.
Went to Riga, Latvia, on a class field trip in 2000, when I was 10 years old.
Even private properties and fences had ads on them
I think it's pretty awesome to be able to read, in their native language and capturing every nuance, authors who may have lived 2000 years ago.
You can authenticate via text message or an app
Indeed, with that I utterly agree.
(this doesnt count as europe, but i also thought salt lake city was in canada, so you can imagine i was extremely confused as to why they'd hold the olympic games in canada, 3 times in a row)
I liked Tõrvanina beach in Hiiumaa a lot too
We can accept nowadays that Russians, too, suffered under USSR
mmm no, not with cheese
These things take time and even if some things don't go so well, other better things still happen.
Why wouldn't they be, they're delicious ;)
Yeah THC got somehow legal as "food  supplement" or something like that (But the police are still harrasing those who grow and sell it once a while, even if everything is legal)
You have to do something to fix it
I think it depends more on the rain, wind and sunshine than actual temp
There are Lithuanians, who haven't been to Palanga?
I think they ment Estonian Russian, i would consider it different enough from Russian Russian, as they speak Estonian and would be at least partially integrated into Estonian culture and day-to-day business, no idea why would you reject it
Outside of Europe it's more tricky, from the impressions I've gotten perhaps New Zealand and parts of Canada would be the most similar but I've never been there myself
What other way of being correct is there at least in this context?
So its nice to have a functional thing inside old buildings if they keep the decor and somewhat adapt their own style to the place
Yeah, we have that as well
Tõde ja õigus
Could you be more stereotypical?
Good luck at banning evolution!
I mean, considering the whole post-socialist thing, it's relatively low in Estonia - the best [among post-socialist Europe] The current government consists of basically 3/4 of the mainstream parties in Estonian Parliament (leaving out the two non-mainstream ones), so they are pretty much the best we deserve right now.
I think in Estonia it's rather the opposite.
Used to learn Swedish on Duolingo
Yay : )
Funny how USA calls itself a "capitalist" country when competition is not possible in some sectors
The police is there, you can’t just drive off
I don’t think there’s much pressure
Google deciding to cut off fake sites from their money is not government giving out speech licenses.
Yeah, it is definitely subjective
Send help (and beer)
Läskit skotit homoilee
* One fell because PM lied about selling rouble notes that we had left after adopting our own currency
Capitalism is the best model we can ever hope to achieve
[First sauna, then Nordic
Yes, I do
For the first time in my adulthood - no.
Small number of them, dispersed over the country instead of concentrated in specific areas, means they will assimilate with the wider society instead of forming an insular community where extremist views can get reinforced
The carst based river system is really cool, luckily both Croatia and Slovenia are in my to-visit list anyway
It is usually about 30,000 singers and 70,000 spectators and it's **quite** packed.
Common vocabulary is [staggering]#/media/File:Estonian_vocabulary.png).
This makes me feel
I don't know the statistics, but I'm pretty sure the guidelines are quite strict
Okassiga(thorn/needle pig)=porcupine
The point is that some argue that Estonia today isn't the same Estonia as it was before ww2
Lol, what are you smoking
Kyiv has a mostly positive reputation i guess
It's just that unlike other European countries we actually don't have green energy resources other than wind and building wind parks is a heck of an investment.
When the Ottomans occupied Kosovo, it was almost 100% Serb.
You can't make this shit up
For example there's only 3 places where you can drive from Valga to Valka - where the checkpoints used to be
Yea, we have it complicated
*kaks* means "two" (as in *kaksteist* = "two of the second" = 12), *kaka* means "poo".
No matter which way they were going to draw the border, bad shit was guaranteed to happen.
Culturally, the slavic, baltic, caucasian and hungarian countries
Indeed, it's a replaceable product, not a necessity.
I know it might sound to mean something different like "income after rent and food", but it is not that.
We don't have a specific name for them, but there are definitely cafeterias where you can get cheap, home-style food
What happened in Western Bulgaria
Yes, the requirements were not good enough, they shouldn't have been able to sail with the door open without anybody noticing it.
*RAT
1 000 000 000 = miljard (you could also call this biljon, but it's rare)
well, you need to be identifiable in case the police wants anything from you.
That is why police used soviet era crappy makarov pistols until very recently (2017) - police did not complain because they used firearms only in shooting range
If you are not willing to stand your ground, don't be surpised someone else will take over.
No - you don't have to adapt to the group of people.
It's a stupid system, it's not an undemocratic one.
"Other news on the CNN, Italy has declared war on France and already occupied southern France".
I spent some time googling about the war in Senegal, but didn't find anything.
Most of our time is spent on arguing whether Latvians have six toes or five with three in the front and two in the back.
Plus it tastes rather better with some dishes.
Yes, but for the Balkans it doesn't imply to anything else than geography.
That's not even mentioning how many words just have a a lot more umlaut vowels
Estonians be like: who the heck just became our president?
we call dandelions butter flowers lol
The Russian high class used to speak a lot of French and at some point when there was political trouble, several Russian intellectuals escaped to France
Estonia's average gross wage in spring 1992 was 16
Pesukarhu is a raccoon, not a badger
Finland: Estonia does not want into Nordic, Estonia just wants to reconnect to its big brother
The latter went bankrupt about 10 years ago.
How in seven hells did Estonia and Latvia choose to let Russisns in during a foreign occupation??
Interact as in have an actual conversation - very rarely.
Even private properties and fences had ads on them
not sure if it’s truly a national dish, but everything about it is awful to me
At least Baltics and Russia in richer provinces are pretty equal.
A stray dog who recently got it's own statue
Hundred years anniversary will only be in 13 days.
Hey, most of Northern Europe is actually very socially left in concepts like healthcare, but it is almost taboo to recognise this for some people
That's actually first truly unique thing I saw in this topic
It all seems just loud and rude.
Estonian too yes
[The planned high-speed railway terminal in Tallinn
It also set up the conditions for creating NATO and EU
And “black humour” for sarcastic dark jokes about death or other taboo topics
Oh, DO get a life
Thanks, I really think that to maintain stability in the region the presence of non-Estonian NATO troops in Estonia (or Baltics in general) is crucial.
Municipalities are somewhat important, but they are much smaller than the counties.
Whether in favor or against this.
As a result, I mix up languages all the time
They're in Estonia not in Russia.
Soros is a *social engineer.* He has been working hard for decades behind the scenes with the goal of ending nation states and bringing about a world government.
In Estonia, we even have a saying to deter people from taking the last of anything "Kes viimase sööb/joob, see uue toob!" - whoever eats/drinks the last, brings the new(/next one)!
Some coats came down but they melted the next day
It's more like around 23
Geothermal is tricky since it is non-renewable in that using it pushes the thermal gradient away, so you have to keep drilling new wells
Inb4 Tiananmen Square 2
For some reason being from the biggest island Saaremaa is considered cool but being from Hiiumaa makes you a hillbilly
Towel is fine imo
The winning party may have the least chance in forming the government, especially in our case.
There are cultures that do not eat any meat and are totally fine
Why do some people answer, but not include where they are from?
I think the [Tallinn TV tower] Northern Europe's highest open viewing platform at 314 meters or 1,030
There are some major projects going on there and near and the entire peninsula, actually North Tallinn in general is gentrifying and Estonianizing rather quickly, with many Russians moving to Lasnamäe or other areas
Aren't the three all official languages in Belgium?
It was lead by immigration opposing chauvinistic populists.
In english you can have stuffy nose, runny nose and you can sneeze or have sniffles or cold in the head
That tax haven thing should be abolished though.
someone broke into my familys small house in the middle of nowhere and stole a really good husqvarna lawnmower and some winter tires
Good videos
I kinda wanna believe in conspiracy theories that it was sunk on purpose by Russian spies since it had old soviet guns on the ship and they were on a route to US through Sweden
10°C xd
Wilderness is not just forests though
Hundinui - wolfs club/stick (cattail)
) there was not turning back
Also warning signs for falling icicles are quite common in Estonia
At what age can people start uni
So you see
compared to the American view, definitely exaggerated - on my last trip to Stockholm I visited a few 'less desirable' neighbourhoods (am small girl) and didn't get harassed whatsoever, though at the same time the first week back at home I had a drunk dude stare at me for 20 minutes on a bus while acting moderately belligerent, so I might be desensitised.
It was 26 degrees in the evening
And yes maybe through surveilance etc we get rid of extremism(which i doubt) but do you think you'll get your liberties back
False, Finns would never stand that close to each other
Western Estonian medieval towns are all beautiful
I had a pleasure to visit Avalance studio office and it was pretty cool to see EA office literally across the street, as well as Paradox office couple floors above
No one really knows what it is.
And I know Macron is trying to do neccessary reforms, but it’s France :( (unions and shit)
Here are a few
lol My English teacher is Russian.
Lol, that's a good one
That car with an Estonian plate was probably just someone on a road trip
Nowadays they still exist and are known in Tartu, but the general population doesn't seem to know much about them so there's a lot of prejudice from left-leaning people.
Ah, ok
>  but that guy gives me wrong vibes I don't really want him in my team, let's hire the nice lady
Good old fashioned USA USA USA USA USA shitego
Also our knowledge of the Teutonic Order is rather limited to its Livonian branch
But, apparently, we have 5 clubs playing it
Got 3 h of sleep last night, it didn't drop below 20°C even at night and the cottage where I stayed in had a stable temp of 35°C and like 70% humidity
Idk what that phrase means but i'd understand the Finnish version as: Elav kala on vee all (A living fish is umder the water)
We arent nordic, we share nothing with them except the finns, we more or less belong to the eastern european region
And that would heavily depend on the subject as well, like I imagine there are far more French origin words in a cook book than in the Bible.
No Contact
000 remaining about 55% had Estonian citizenship, while about 25% have Russian citizenship and 20% are stateless
I'm quite sure, with her intelligence, she thinks that Romanians are the same as Gypsies.
Sweden = Rootsi
Actually quite difficult to say
You're the one who is simplifying
yes
I'll get to my rough criticism in a few days time!
Even far out languages do that.
Now that's a lot better, although yellow should be reserved for liberals, who are rather center-right in Europe.
That depends a lot upon what are your criteria
Yes,  the age of the day our independence was declared, not the overall age of the Republic
Estonia building a wind farm equivalent to 80% of its domestic energy usage
Maybe try explaining this to the voters
But people don't want to change or move.
estonian for example
Yeah well, I understand these analogies, but I want to understand the root of that problem, which is quite easy to understand for Ukraine and Estonia.
Ethnic Estonians most likely have already - ethnic Russians have far fewer metal bands.
someone broke into my familys small house in the middle of nowhere and stole a really good husqvarna lawnmower and some winter tires
Depends on how many votes other parties get.
Tfw you don't consider us as a friend
It would be morally wrong and unfair to current generation.
If only train travel was any good here
Other teams would KILL for THIS secret Singaporean upgrade
I knew this girl and the first time we spoke I could not understand what she was saying
Not common with people you already know
I'm starting to reconsider my decision to go to Germany
Here we have the 3 king's day, all we do is take out the christmas tree
No, I definitely wouldn't, plus there were most likely Karelians as well.
I do like Morocco tiles and ceramics and their cute Darija language
Prime minister (the one how has power) is chosen in the parliamentary election, where the party or parties who have the most seats become the government
There are indeed such Russian government programs of encouraging relocation to Russia, but they have been very unsuccessful in the Baltics for obvious reasons.
A segment of Tallinn-Pärnu railway between Lelle-Pärnu has been closed in 2018 for indefinite time
Mostly finns, maybe swedes and russians but lately I have also seen more people from Asia(mostly China I think).
The little dictators statements of late beg the question, why do millions of turks prefer "fascist rogue states" Germany and Netherlands instead of their glorious homeland Turkey.
> with sauna all over Europe staff will kick you out if not naked
People act as if it is something unprecedented.
We share
Even though they are actual Lithuaning families who survive for less, because 450 is above the minimum wage.
There is nothing beneficial about it, it's just a cultural thing.
Rocks
Very few Estonians are religious and the ones to speak out are mostly pseudo-Christians, who include religion in their right-wing populist views to show off some conservative values.
Either way I think it's going to be a real catastrophe for Labour, it will be devastating compared to even what they have today, IF labour MPs vote against Article 50 en masse.
I think we still buy them like that due to Soviet-era customs, but nobody would care when receiving them.
I don't even have a passport (you don't need one when travelling in Europe)
Can you make three different sounds with your toes?
You can actually get arrested even for having a fake gun on you in a public place, let alone a real one
Feels bad man
I've heard alot of stories from old people (even old Estonians) that they miss the soviet union and how everything was in order then, for example Edgar Savisaar one of the people who helped us get our freedom said a few years back when he visited Russia that there was more order and everything was "nice"  back then
Unbearable +30
[Edith Piaf - *Non, Je ne regrette rien*]
Do you love estonian accent aswell : (
Our flag was definitely not, nor was our state
Suck it losers
Cucumber on a white bread
Only actually met 3 or 4 nice Russians in my 30 years of life
Young children are more useful than adults anyway, they don’t try to resist as much
The Pskov oblast is a lot poorer than Estonia so the greener pasture thing wont hold
This benefits those countries but not the host countries.
Because it's in a far worse neighborhood.
You are doing the threatening, and also you are ignoring the many times proven fact that there is huge repression of minority national groups in Russia, not least the Finno-Ugric tribes who live there.
** Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic, where the people are the highest bearer of state power
I do hope there aren't many people as naive as that in Europe...
Those were the good old days
Meresiga(sea pig)=guinea pig
Why do Germans do it though
How about those temps at 7 m/s wind
also instagram pictures and videos.
Fortunately violent crime against strangers is not a big concern here, the worst that might happen is some drunk students trying to start shit
We usually have half of the literature from Estonian literature and the other half from foreign literature every year
If you can switch hands often, it's not impossible to have a long conversation outside with no gloves on as you can warm your other hand in the pocket for a while
Weirdly I have absolutely no problem with that name.
it is very clean, yes, but I'd definitely not call it consistent - while it follows a certain soviet architectural style, it's a mash of very different buildings, in particular towards the inner parts of the city.
Almost all islands have their own dialects, southern part of our country also has like 5 dialects, so does northern
We already have an [unofficial anthem] That song was sung at the song festivals even during the Soviet occupation as it miraculously slipped by Soviet censors.
Their action just legitimized the position of women as a second class citizens in islamic society.
The only difference is that we didn't have a free 7th hour (which kinda sucked on longer days)
See they have a habit of putting words into other peoples mouths when doing translation, sometimes completely transforming what they say to fit their agenda
sorry, I see right wing government as a good thing:)
>Europeans have a lot less incentive to save and invest than Americans
Ok, you are correct, Estonia has just been before 2015 a tiny bit short of 2%, I wonder why there are different figures around.
or perhaps religious people in your country are very backward.
Very good, you are well equipped
It sounds like "eu" in "l'heure" or "œ" in "sœur" in french, just a bit longer and harder maybe
Botas - trainers
Perhaps Poland or the Baltic states beat us in that category, perhaps not.
It was impossible to understand until I started learning it and even after that they would have easily got away with it when just avoiding the most simple words
Exactly, plus I think enough people will get enough of the leftist government in no time and the IRL will totally destroy its reputation with this decision.
I really didn't mean anything bad, but I can see how that can come off as negative and I'm sorry for that
Girlfriends are sometimes called *neiu* ("young lady").
Kosovo was not breaking international law though.
Whats this female perspective exactly for a managerial role in the transport department
It's just how it sadly is
Yeah I understand, doesn't make it any less bullshit
It was just Soviet imperialism.
Correct me if I’m wrong but I think both languages can put any words together to make a new word
I own a pair of their rubber boots in my summer cottage ;)
Isn't the association to the USSR the main point of such a stupid concept of "Eastern Europe"?
What do you appreciate most about your neighboring countries / other European countries?
It sort of switches sides every four years.
Well there is something fishy when one party that has done some questionable things has been the most popular party longer then I have lived
These haplogroups are older than language groups and the name they are associated with belongs to the language group/area where they are most common.
Kazakhstan is kind of a classical dictatorship case as in their foreign policy avoids confrontations at all costs and extra attention is paid to internal policy
Same goes with English, but I wouldn't say it has grammatical cases.
If you're willing to integrate, then you're good to go.
It does exist, but it's a thing on more formal gatherings
This is the cherry on top of the suck cake after losing Nicholas Parsons
UK cuz they helped us in our independence war
Those are unintelligible even for Standard Estonian speakers, the *[värdkeel] ("freak language") as the joke goes.
There is no way you could say that the US system is better...
Not here exactly where Baltic Germans owned almost all of the land and Estonians were serfs, but things did get better during Swedish rule, only to be changed back under Russian rule.
I was just about to say that I saw Belgian number plate in Estonia
If you are a regular person and use 4 directions, then all of them are in Northern Europe.
In Estonia, a big no no is being loud and annoying to random people in public
Don't want to choose whether to go Le Pen or Macron?
Passports are only needed for going outside the EU
This memorial has turned into a tourism object, it no longer serves its true purpose.
They are also somewhat reserved and culturally a bit different from their neighbours
Kui palju 20 aastaseid Aadusid või Salmesid sa tead
It is like barely there, really grows on you
Except these were definitely not the borders of Russia in December 1918...
Oh yeah, Labour is the one party that is going to get hit on next GE if they vote against Article 50 - that or Corbyn is finished and there will either be a real split of the party or smth like that.
One suicide in Vatican would put its suicide rate at 100 in 100 000
I do lot of online gaming and usually public WiFi at dormitory has ping issues usually.
Maybe there's a way to delay the technical leaving
Absolutely not
Oh the irony
We are bashing US too much here.
There are also plenty of direct translations of the names of places, but they are not unique just directly translated:
Ok, maybe this is not terribly important tidbit about him, but bear in mind that this was jokingly posted as an answer to an Estonian how is not pleased with the election results
That's called an indirect democracy.
Here are some statistics, I'm not sure from where you take yours.
Don't throw around nouns that you don't know the meaning of.
As I said, there are no hard feelings associated with this for ages, people have started to question many things that narrative about the middle ages and there are good reasons for it
50 years of sacrifices
Never mind, these kind of people will not get it
Everyone gets that concept, there is no indoctrination here.
People just work around both of these by staying at cheaper places and eating store-bought food or food that they brought with them from home, depending on how much they can afford
Norway is so cool for doing this
Example of flats for such price
While Baltic languages are related to Slavic languages (they're part of the Balto-Slavic branch of the Indo-European languages), they're not that close and shouldn't be lumped together.
The weirdest thing i have seen tho is a dude looking like he barely has money for clothes and shaving cream  and driving a brand new S class Mercedes
I come from a Russian speaking community in Estonia, so my experience is a bit different
On average -5°C. According to Wikipedia, the record low is -36,8°C, but that is definitely not the usual winter temperature
Whatever you do, you're supposed to clean up after yourself.
Do you mean the [Christian left]#Germany)?
>If you are being called racist or xenophobe, maybe it's worth taking a look at your statements
There were many years, when they took in less than 100 new kids a year, yet we had \~150 doctors retiring each year and it quickly built up
Not really: [France]#Modern_French), [Germany] plus [general]#Headscarves_and_religion).
They asked: "not even your sister??"
I think they even make the same sounds.
Like 3 days out of a month to lessen the effects of testosterone.
NATO will not attack us (which they plan to do in 2021)
In terms of mentality of the people most of the Germanic-speaking lands are quite similar
Any time before year 1000
English from Cartoon Network and German with lots and lots of study.
I now know enough to understand the context of a written text, but you really don't need it here especially if you refuse to communicate in Russian with local Russians.
I heard that before coming the north we were at the coast of the black sea and then we split up Finns went to Finland and Estonians to Estonia
You should have ended the sentence with an exclamation mark.
Nothing against calling them out but I do not like when these posts get shut down/censored (Goggle just stripped away advertising rights from a lot of "fake news" sites just recently)
You can get a half liter bottle of water for like 30 cents in Estonia
Our markets will shift, Russia has far fewer options available for that.
We generally have no such things, or if they exist, they are very minor in Estonian.
The finns also signed one here, tartu has also been destroyed multiple times over
It's just not as obviously a loanword, so the translation is not as specific to the types of dragons we're used to seeing .
The end abruptly etc
it's a complete nightmare trying to make food based on recipes without one, but there's a great website that has conversions between ml and grams for all sorts of food items so I use that at the moment.
Over here it is usually done via a digitally signed and if needed then encrypted file
Officially the colours don't represent anything and the supposed symbolism was invented later
Exactly what Russia has been doing for almost a century.
worst: english -If an english speaking talks in estonian, it sounds like his tounge is swollen.
God, I hate that guy
If I understand it correctly, because I don't get what he means by that remark.
We should be of more help
General procedure for carrying weapons and ammunition (1) Weapons and ammunition may be carried together with a corresponding permit
I love this weather and I hope it keeps getting warmer (as long as every living being doesn't die because of it)
Because French and German are official languages of Luxembourg.
Chilly: -5 to 10
I thought the most famous one for the brits was where Churchill does the peace sign
The reich wing filth that is in LePen's camp (along with the dumbfuck Drumpf swine in America) can suck a fat dick
If anything, french and german politicians get most of the hate
You're being purposefully obtuse
I would say it's a very popular beer snack.
[Väike-Õismäe] is also quite bad, but some others are slightly better, like [Mustamäe] or [Pelguranna] even though they partly have older [still Soviet era] buildings
Most probably not and that concept still seems alien to me.
For example in my country the difference between the richest (capital) and poorest region in the average wage is more than 500 euros
My comment was not about Russia or Putin.
They are in Asia geographically, but I've never heard someone really calling them Asians.
I remember that when you knew how to peel your own potatoes that it was considered to be an achievement, you were a big boy.
Might be hope for you guys yet
I have not been elsewhere in Switzerland, but I have visited Zurich \~3 times due to work
Why would there be some cooperation?
Yeah, the Finnish one is quite familiar
Lyndanise, near Tallinn, Estonia.
We celebrate our national "Mother Tongue Day" on the birthday of the first Estonian poet who started writing in Estonian Kristjan Jaak Peterson
Considering the growth difference is so small and the GDP difference somewhat bigger, I'd imagine the real difference grew during this period.
So to Russians I say stop looking it from your hill, Estonia as many others were dragged into the war, we were very adamant on our position, neutral but Soviets had to force their mutual defensive pact and march soldiers in our territory
Pärnu and Tartu still feel significantly different to Tallin, but maybe their not quite wilderness yet
Since when has Finland owned the Estonian islands
Denmark are freezing, Scandinavia and Central Europe got properly cold, compared to yesterday;
As long as I can go to the beach I honestly don't care how the corona goes
Well something must have been fishy about the sinking of [MS *Estonia*]#Allegations_of_military_connection).
Estonia aligns heavily with Finland in this regard, having linguistic and cultural ties
on the basis of it's strong historical relationship with Finland
You better be saving separately or you will have quite poor retirement
There is Lake Baikal
I know Estonian, English and Russian, since I was 3.
By looking at the trend, this is barely newsworthy for r/Europe.
Estonia doesn't really do anything wrong, just our conditions are different.
R1a is not really Slavic but just common in the region where Slavic languages are spoken (as well as in Scandinavia).
No really, it was even listed as the [number one most bizarre thing to ever happen in Estonian history]
Train trips in Russia are awesome
I think you can quite legitimately hate on black people if their ancestors did something similar to your country and still glorify these actions.
We have basically the same two expressions, but the first one is mostly only used for romantic love, so not between family members, plus it's mostly only used for young love, so very rarely between spouses.
I'm pretty sure the holes don't affect the taste.
Should have called the Netherlands Holland
Although I'm bot religious i can still feel bad about those who are
I can see how these factors can affect mental health and this in turn can influence stuff like meals and sleep
Rallienglanti, kyllä. Always reminds me of this
hey guys does anyone happen to know if these protests are actually doing anything?
There is definitely a generational difference in this matter
Btw, it's called a [diminutive]
That's relatively little, especially for a small country with several neighbors.
i almost died laughing when i found out lol
More sanctions because you are a criminal state.
Reside in them, sure, but much else touristworthy survives in many countries.
Western Estonia and the islands.
That's an Estonian band tho
>You can criticize politicians for their decisions
And then you can also use "ole/olge tänatud" (be thanked) to thank one or multiple persons
Livonia comprised of southern Estonia and northern Latvia.
In Estonian “ I love you” translates as “Ma armastan sind”
I can read the "Povist vremyanyh lit" or "Chronicle of Bygone Years" / "Primary Chronicle", a history of the Kievan Rus' from about 850 to 1110, originally compiled in Kyiv in circa 1113 pretty easily, if I concentrate
"Dry Goods Tom Taylor MCMLXII registered trademark no 957 872"
It's not as beautiful as travel guides and other shit say
We fight
And every country can design their euro coins however they want.
It's not like 60% of your whole salary is taken in form of income tax
Almost half of Estonia lives in the light green area, not even in the main green area.
Legally, Estonia never ceased to exist after 1918, so restoration of independence in 1991 was rather symbolic and not as important.
If no, then it's forced labor
One of the main problems is plumbing as there is no room for proper plumbing inside the walls
Single males ages 23, 21 and 18 and we want to go on a trip (4 days 3 nights) to have some fun.
Both used to be unions (Livonia and Czechoslovakia)
Ah, so it's like sticking out for the practical needs of the community.
It would be pretty fucking weird when I had to go to a church just to vote...
So I don't think it's a fair comparison
Well that's just generalization taken way beyond extreme.
Estonia was rather on par with Finland.
[Toompea Hill] has hosted both the colonial and national capital of Estonia at least since the 13th century.
We make semi-sweet or salty [bread cakes]#tbm=isch&q=leivakook) from quite regular bread - every culture is weird with their cuisine inventions.
French takes it to a new level though, it's not so much of a "round" pronunciation, but just hasty in the sense that it mashes everything together
Cut down the powerline, took it home
[Start here] and go nuts
Having lived in the western part of the Europe for the last 2 years, the life, financially, is unbelievably easier.
This sounds as stupid as calling US attack on Iraq as Cavalry attack because 1st Cavalry Division participated
I think it’s more of a north-south divide than a east-west one
His maps may look all pretty and that, but they are often horribly shallowly researched
It would be more of an issue today if almost all Baltic Germans hadn't left Estonia in 1939/1940.
Well we do have Old Believers who unlike the Amish don't shun the use of technology, but otherwise are pretty similar to them.
As in I can easily go and walk my dog for 10 minutes in my home clothes (like T-shirt+skirt) in winter with -10 Celsius, but if I am sitting still at the office and it's 17 degrees, I can get very very cold by the end of the day without my hoodie
I mean, even immigrant-tolerant people would rather prefer non-Muslim immigrants.
Only summers are nice sometimes
You must be the first non-finnic person I've seen who says that it's easy to pronounce
Joke not aside, is this really the largest bus you have taken?
So being an atheist is kind of a default option
Honestly, if you were the creator of some technology-oriented thing like a website or application then I do not see why you would keep it in Europe
In terms of mentality of the people most of the Germanic-speaking lands are quite similar
> TERETULEMAST TALLINKILLE
Atleast you guys have close to none mosqutios in Souther Finland in summers, atleast near Helsinki while I have been there, however in Estonia they are freaking everywhere
Apparently the map [is right] Wow, I actually learned something about my language.
maja: est
for some reason
If it actually had been below -20°С, then they probably would have used the proper winter gear.
Having the root word "east" in it is not what makes a word sound Eastern...
That we have WiFi in forests
There's not that much to be ashamed of it - you were most likely brought up with it, it's been in your family for centuries and you might be the first one to speak out.
When we say "kutsu" the little I goes between s and u. So it's pronounced [kutsju]
It's an [interesting subject] in my opinion - they are rather thought to be almost universally Muslim though.
I'm not even really religious and i thought it was quite bad
Violating personal space
It has to be Midsummer or actually the day before Midsummer when Midsummer is actually celebrated, i.e. on Victory Day on 23 June
In the Soviet Union a state with "socialist tendencies" basically meant a state that has a pro-Soviet foreign policy and has nationalized the biggest industries.
is a similar issue, but these are separated by long distances and are used in former colonies, while the Serbo-Croatian language area is all a connected, indigenous area.
Regarding Estonias internet and prices, i think my dad got a pretty good and cheap deal that telia is trying to trick him out of
Oh one of those, we call them 'soome kelk' for fairly obvious reasons
That just sounds like an alien language, and we're not even entirely sure what a scone is
Baltics is harder to drive through (yes, I also include Estonia)
I love the name, but in Estonian it’s a bad word for Finnish people
And the same time people are getting beaten up in old town every weekend with no police in sight (not every weekend, but you get the point)
Bolsheviks ceded Baltic states to Germany with
If they do genetic research, then they go into genetics, but if they do any kind of linguistic or cultural research, then they go into linguistics and culture
Belarus too lately, because Baltic countries kind of formed an united bloc to contest the recent election results there
You can google them yourself
As said, I do not know all the details, but what I understood is that this was not as straightforward as could be expected.
No, but roman and byzantine coins have been found here
Associating us with Russia and the Soviet "Union". Pro tip: don't.
atleast for a year for Latvia`s 100th birthday!
"The report recommended investing in better integration and language courses for migrants, saying a lack of social recognition and barriers to personal contact with locals could lead to frustration."
I replied to a ridiculous claim that '*Venezuela and maybe some of them*' are left wing countries.
he is also notorious for not being able to give a straight answer, to the point where someone created a "round answer generator" that generates answers that dont actually answer the question, but sound like they do
Also, don't bring any quality of life, economic development, wage level, human development, education, life expectancy or any other similar statistics, because these are all fake CIA fabricated numbers to make Russia look bad
I mean have you looked around
This is actually spot-on lol
Thanks mate
I'm fairly certain it's the second
Also in a place where they had like 25x25m snow pile and 25-28 degrees
Sovereign state: Kingdom of Denmark (the one with the flag on the banner);
Almost all died in the Holocaust - very very few survived.
Now for the EU part: its not a military organization but all its members, especially Eurozone is very ingrained and in many ways act more like a country than a union of countries
None of them is too widely used tho
It is not a summary of one interview, but a summary of many interviews and actions.
Christ, the naivety is strong with this one..
Tornio
I guess when things are peaceful enough, people will find new reasons to not consider it peaceful, sort of First World problems..
But they are rightful Russian clay,
No, I mean that pronunciation is alien
It's because money is mainly being spent on personnel costs instead of more useful stuff like R&D.
It is about the horrors of the Soviet occupation and about killing Soviets basically.
) this is kinda bitter-sweet for me
That was not my entire comment.
But i think younger people are starting to change their minds slowly, so i am hoping for the best
when you complain about your food being too hot: "you have a windmill under your nose" (ok this one could have been just my dad's invention)
Have a similar energy productsion as France aka >70% energy predused from nuclear
However their Estonian language skills had been horrible and therefore ethnic Russian youths had worse chances to succeed into universities, that's why there were plans to make their general education bilingual.
So, no Estonians ever served in the Soviet Army?
It's been used for 8 centuries, so it's been a symbol here for long.
Your money is always welcome here though
i also frequently walk my dog alone late at night, but for that i keep to the suburban areas
So this local Russian guy and a black American basketball trainer living in Estonia got into an argument over parking a car too close or something like that.
For the entirety of the 2 days
No no no no
From what I've seen QR codes still take 2-3 seconds at best, while NFC smart cards are nearly instantaneous
But we were actually "taken" by NATO according to Russia
Oh don't worry, we've had the same for a decade now:
I thought I'd know
But what I mean is hot dry rock, super deep geothermal, not volcanic miracles that are Iceland and Kamchatka, where nobody lives
I had no idea Estonians were taught anything about the Swedish part of your history.
But atleast it is out of the way now
And still it defines so much of our national identity
From the classics, Orwell (british), Dostojevski (russian), Hugo (french), Lindgren (swedish) and Lee (USA) are usually included to name a few
It is saddening that a person from a democratic country would think this way.
As long as it means Nordic wages and Eastern European cost of living
Buses can be both cheaper and more expensive for the same distance, depending on the carrier, the time of the day and also on how comfy and how quick it is
hates sauna
You write "with little interaction with the rest of France, then nothing will change", so what exactly do oyu propose the French do according to the "integraiton goes both ways"?
Can someone here tell me how to idle a car, it starts driving right when I turn the key
But a few of these are generalizations that don't really apply to most Americans (especially those on reddit).
They can
Estonia prolly
A post about Estonia a day keeps the posts about Latvia away.
Right now we use the red poppy alongside a motto/slogan stating "Never again". I personally think it's a neat new tradition as it focuses on remembering the dead instead of glorifying death and suffering
Nordic*
There are all kinds of events in the city.
have you already forgotten crimea?
It is relatively inexpensive
Thank you
That's all
Some coats came down but they melted the next day
Nevertheless, no-one does
I never said that everyone are the same
Sort of the essence of current rise of populism.
It was the direct result of the worse Russian times.
Forgot to mention, that Im from Estonia and for us it was "the good-ole swedish time".
(now my favourite's snufkin, though.)
Fun fact: October in old Estonian calendar is *viinakuu* (literally "vodka month").
Everyone loves to sit on the beautiful beaches of Pärnu and spend a few summer-days there though
No, but if there had been normal (not forced-upon) urbanization, then the apartment buildings could have developed in a more natural way and much of the countryside wouldn't be ruined by ugly *kolkhoz* apartment buildings.
You're proving my point right there and I'm afraid of people like YOU.
Most Estonians are irreligious, but the Seto people and Kihnu island are Orthodox.
Like everywhere Belgian high school children are taught the concept of transsexuality in society, that it is something that can occur and that no one should degrade them for them being them.
True, but in Estonia, he is doing it entirely arbitrarily
Tourists are basically non-existent.
haha, sounds great, and I'm glad someone is still watching our rally sports.
At first, everyone laughed over those extremely pro-Russian news sites and over all those trolls who write online comments.
All they had was a single sheet of paper explaining their intentions in Estonian, but they didn't really react to any Estonian language questions, nor even try to look at anyone's lips.
If you truly say any good words about him, most Estonians would just cast you off from their social group.
The Hiiumaa islander fell overboard and yelled "throw me that one end of the rope!" Saaremaa islander answered: "It's not like I'm greedy or something, take them both!"
That really made you look unintelligent, I'm sorry :(
Their "own country" would take pieces out of Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran
Fun fact: [Botswana] is our flag buddy.
"Russians from Estonia" or "Russians of Estonia" are the perfectly acceptable, perfectly understandable and the actually used descriptions
Going to a night club without consuming copious amounts of alcohol is pretty much impossible
I think it’s more of a north-south divide than a east-west one
I mean I also think that Finnish isn't exactly a nice sounding language, but it's not like Swedish is any better at all, it sounds like a bunch of alcoholics at 7am hugging their toilet bowls
We sometimes tease him about that on r/eesti.
Same here, I usually won't bother watchin videos
Probably not that common, most married people wear plain gold rings and some people don't wear wedding rings at all out of comfort.
I like the French straight roads
They are more like mutually beneficial rather than one influencing the other.
yeah with that name, I have a feeling OP isn't actually posting this just because he's outraged by sexism
You can disable it by changing your YouTube language to English
Yep, it's organized by the Estonian emigre community there
Don't know any Swedish to understand the thread, but don't worry, we're on your side no matter what
Mid90s because it was a crazy time here, wild music, wilder parties, people wearing tracksuits
We can't say that about Stalin, his actions had little to do with him being a communist - the mass murders were ordered to secure his power and nothing more.
There are fields, where working abroad is very complicated (psychiatry - due to high importance of language), but we still have a serious lack of young doctors
oh you you’re making me blush
We call it Ministry of Defence aswell (Kaitseministeerium)
The late 1960s was the golden age of [Soviet] Estonian cinema with films like [*Viimne reliikvia*] ("The Last Relic"), [*Mehed ei nuta*] ("Men Don't Cry") and [*Kevade*] ("Spring"), the latter of which was the first part of a trilogy, followed by "Summer" and "Autumn".
If operational, then Estonia could possibly be the biggest per capita user of wind energy in the world.
It's not a hard thing to grasp if you aren't a complete retard.
Or on some topics i read both Estonian and English version of the topic, really depends how informative and popular the topic is
Moreover, nobody - except maybe the Russian state media - calls, for example, the commemoration event for the Battle of Tannenberg Line, a "pride event".
I personally think that printed news should have higher standard.
We would just like our historic lands back from Russia, thats all
From the article I'd assume the mutilation happened in Germany
These jugs last for two generations...
> It's a very small risk that everyone has to be *willing* to take in order to leave in a safer society
You are most likely preaching to the choir.
Which is true, I think I even mentioned it in some other comment.
Also congratulations to our southern sisters for winning us this time
while youngsters in Eastern Europe are anti-EU?
Is it me, or are they ocnstantly using whole English phrases when speaking Dutch?
pur whole country is in the middle of nowhere
1 000 000 000 000 000 = kvadriljon (nobody really uses it)
Holodomor happened in Ukraine, thus by saying kulaks I meant Ukrainian independent farmers.
Plus usually its very cloudy, so even less light
No, no they don't, they can be, but they don't have to be.
Vienna, because of the culture
[People are having multiple jokes about it] [and think that the boulder looks like a vomiting hedgehog] So all in all, mostly negative.
I think a failure in math education could be that kids are able to do abstract equations, but can't do real world text problems not vice versa.
And as you can see even there the separatism is overwhelmingly unpopular.
I feel like Spain should allow a free and well-organized referendum (maybe with a 60% or 2/3 threshold for independence)
Varenyky, you make them with various fillings but regardless of what's inside it's iconic to eat them with either sourcream or some fried "salo"(pig fat aka reversed bacon) bits called "shkvarky"
Perhaps I've not yet heard the news, but I wasn't aware that the main point of most religions (divinity) had any evidence either (just like snake oils and homeopathy).
If I was, then people like Breivik wouldn't be enjoying their time in luxury prisons.
Estonians have a poetic sobriquet for Estonia: [Terra Mariana] (Estonian: *Maarjamaa* - "Mary's Land"), after Mary, mother of Jesus, who gave name to the Medieval crusader country in the Eastern Baltic.
You have no clue about the scale of foreign help during the war of independence
Well I was just rather surprised, plus I guess I didn't get the meaning of italicized text.
Isn't integration a problem already?
That doesn't sounds like a safe place to live to me
Heck, we won't even be European.
I think the sound of our language is actually quite different, some dialects sound more like Finnish than standard Estonian
Going all-in with the boycott by finishing last in the group aswell
I heard stuff like that when I visited in 2018 too but it was totally drinkable, not pleasant tasting but if it's 30 degrees outside you're gonna drink it
Tallinn: Enjoy Internet services of the future in a medieval environment!
Tallinna TV is municipal and very strongly left-leaning, to a degree pro-Russian too.
For me accent has always been a foreign thing and dialect a native thing.
They are mostly mixed corps loosely based on those found in Estonia and Latvia.
How is the distinction along ethnic and cultural lines arbitrary?
I’m sure this applies to every former soviet country
Well, if the Urals count as Asia, then yeah, we are.
20 years ago you could've seen them every day
People will be far more surprised if they find out that you do variuos religious things and go to church often
But for me it means nothing
i would agree, but tbf i only spent a day in prague anyways
* Belarus (the illegitimate dictatorship, not the people)
Also in 1944 the  Estonian national committee (government in exile essentially) declared a new government and seized Toompea from the Germans and ordered them to leave from Tallinn
Being religious is far worse among the ethnic Estonian youth at least.
They retained their empires until the 20th century, even waged wars to hold them together during this century, but did they actually widen their territories in the 20th century?
Estonia with it's 14% religious people is much less religious than the USA with its 66%.
In  not as corrupt countries this is how they greet you if they think you sell weed
I am Estonian Russian and once a Swiss person, after learning that I am from Estonia, started telling me how much he loved Tallinn and how it's different from Eastern Europe/Russia and how unpleasant Russian areas of Tallinn are (probably Lasnamägi)
As wealthy, indeed, but after your hordes implemented the shitty communist economy, we started to lag behind tens of times if compared to Western countries.
>Russian Estonian
Jokes about Russians that aren't funny  Ahem* what did Ivan say to Dimitri
But 110 is only on short sections, mostly it's still 90
They have Daugava
Look at that number of racists!
Officially there have been 5 rounds ;)
General northern keeping of distance and just common sense.
The way I see it, IRL's ratings were in the toilet anyway so they really didn't have much to lose.
Egg cups - yes
That happens less with Europeans, it's rather an American thing.
Most likely they'll end up in trash, but worst case scenario is just being dumped somewhere
5h by ferry but then again you need to start buying tickets and everything is more expensive there anyway
Võro currently has 90k speakers here, võro sounds a bit like finnish actually
Zaragoza
Sadly there are entire circlejerk social groups with right-wing populist views.
For example, my friend's parents are Ukrainian and would switch to Ukrainian when arguing, so that the kids wouldn't understand them
But hey, I'm just one of those few freaks who enjoy even +40°C  ))
The movies are great, go watch them.
Just like his campaign was much more compelling than Hillary's.
Sa oled kuradi shinimashitanud, akachan.
>Parades of SS veterans
I have no idea how the hell you always get the worst ones
Sure, teatch us russian, but also do a better fucking job at teaching the russians inside Estonia how to speak estonian
Also I'd say Ida-Virumaa and maybe Saaremaa
Special units like K-Komando, comparable to S.W.AT
Now with covid restrictions, I bet everyone washes less
same in Estonian
Poor people in the USA don't work.
Our previous president was born in Sweden
why Igaunija
Not the furthest from your home, just the geographical extremes.
They couldn't possibly allow this because our flag looks different and they were taught differently during the Cold War.
At this time I usually prepare to go to bed, unless it's weekends
They couldn't hold out as the last of the Mohicans, for sure, but they still have influence on the issue
are we
These are linguistic borders though.
But they only included the handpicked connections, which is not something you would automatically grasp.
A city that is almost entirely made of government officials and diplomats
In Estonia we have Elvira or Helve for women and Helmut or Eldur for men
Yeah, move away from your home town and the capital city of your country if you want to be among your oln people...
Multicultural through Russification.
Does it really matter whether sõber Epp is boy or girl?
Yeah Johannes is quite a common male name here
> ”eww, bottled water” is a real reaction in Finland
it was an elective class though, so most people in my class didnt take it
Black metal feeds off the darkness of the north
Of course we want safety but why are you want to give away your freedom to get it
Another typical Estonian christmas drink is *glögi*.
nope, he's playing the rampant nationalism card and doing a pretty good job at it.
We might not say anything but you certainly won’t be making a friend
Better than already living in a 3rd world country.
It seems the differences between Standard Estonian and the Võro and Seto dialects are far bigger then, I have to make an effort to really understand Võro dialect and can barely understand any of the Seto dialect.
And I really did look forward to it, as I have never lived in UK, but as it is now, I'm probably going to Germany.
Being a member of EU, NATO, OECD and everything else, Estonia is a strongly recognized member of the international community.
You may have it, but international law is still above that.
There are also many building-related false friends:
And that sort of proves my point ;)
Prices are lower
So Germany or whatever country accepts him, then what?
In the Soviet Union all of this evolved intro proper bureaucracy and therefore the govenment was more effective.
Didn't you guys try to take over the world TWICE in the previous century
I'd say it's most likely some cultural figure, like the classical music composer Arvo Pärt or Singing Revolution era singer Tõnis Mägi.
Worst part is that it was finished just a year ago, even though it looks like something from 1990s
I've been an F1 fan since 2002-2003 and I can't disagree unfortunately
Dill is one of the most common flavours.
Looks like this year we are going Iceland for getting that nice warm sun
I have never seen 200 or 500 € ones
What you need to understand is that Sweden didn't conquer Finland, Finland was never a colony.
The bigger the wage you have - more disposable income you have
I have a friend, who could [toss a stone to a Russian exclave]õlva+maakond/@57.9999217,27.6445505,3525m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x46eabf5b089542f3:0x6b350169155352e7!8m2!3d57.9985301!4d27.6404697) :D
Everything else is pronounced the way its written
'igatsus'
It is just falsely called "an alliance" when it was nothing of the sort
Well, it's 120 in Estonia actually
That's why Greek and Latin roots are usually excluded as they would dominate the vocabulary lists if you really wanted to go far with it.
Every time a new baby is on the way/has been born that's pretty much the only thing they talk about
Also have had to explain that we don't use horses as a way of transportation
Let's not kid ourselves, solar, batteries and wind is going to cost less and less per joule generated and stored as the manufacturing base grows and matures and new technologies keep getting invented and adopted, much faster than traditional thermal power plants and burning stuff
As in several others here, we use it as a verb, so we "do sex" - seksima (-ma in the end says its an action)
] Estonians, after a sauna, in a ice hole grilling (probably) *Jänku Jussi Viinerid*.
since when are stereotypes supposed to be smart!?
During Soviet time I had quite romantic view of them
That is why police used soviet era crappy makarov pistols until very recently (2017) - police did not complain because they used firearms only in shooting range
Cape Verde - Roheneemesaared (green-cape-islands)
Anata ei ole mitte midagi muud watashile kui lihtsalt üks järgmine weaboo.
In university almost everyone started to call me by a nickname that is derived from my surname and I'm rather used to it.
You robbed them/us, end of story.
On the one hand estonians are around the world and wherever I go I can find them but also that indicates a brain drain, people leave and don't do good work in Estonia
Oh my, Tooji is like that fuckboy who has so much attention from girls that nobody has ever told him how terrible this is
What is the general sentiment among Greeks?
You can find Estonian flags all around the town here.
Doesn't this remind you of the "SI SI SI" photograph with Mussolini?
From presidents [Lennart Meri] was quite influential with his witty and sharp tongue.
Partitive - a beautiful girl (as a partial object)
Besides noone likes warm milk anyway
Who says I get offended when I point out hypocrisies, inconsistencies or flat out mistakes?
Countering lies is not propaganda be it international relationships or diplomacy.
If they do genetic research, then they go into genetics, but if they do any kind of linguistic or cultural research, then they go into linguistics and culture
i was taught that at school too
Well, “Türa” means basically fuck and “Lits” means bitch, so from “Türa lits” we get “Fucking bitch”
People around Tallinn and Tartu and perhaps in some other tourist hotspots in Western Estonia manage well with English, but the rest of the country speaks with their proud "rally driver accent".
Päike=Sun
Even though for their own benefit they should have.
>Perhaps, Africans have different values
So my friend tried to be the active one and started a conversation about whether I usually put ham on cheese or cheese on ham on my sandwich
Also only Latvia and Lithuania are actually Baltic
That last line basically says everything about you :)
1984 was about totalitarian dictatorships like the Soviet Union.
>Moderate social only drinking only exists in non-UK Europe
Just regular police throughout the whole country
it's nice, too, but in a way that creeps ex Soviet kids out really hard.
I see both kinds of people here.
I don't know all the details, but somehow it seems that to sue someone not in your own country is quite expensive and at the end of the day costs more than the publisher owes to the author.
Go to a gas station in Poland though and try to speak English and see what happens even though they're supposedly higher than us
That's also a good one
But I suppose this was normal back then.
>We were all cold as balls here in Portugal this weekend
Currently at -14 C; 8,6 m/s; amounting to -28 C equivalent with calculated wind chill
There are the rotating [International Hanseatic Days] and annual Hanseatic or Medieval days in most of these towns.
You're welcome to
You know, in kiosks that have been there since mid 90s at least
Snowing in communism
Nice to see how well the propaganda works in Russia.
The [Singing Revolution] is still a strong part of the Estonian history and culture.
It's 18-20 degrees, everything below is chilly and everything above is too hot.
It truly feels like a playground with all the rich cool kids and poor nerds.
Were the famines caused by Churchill?
We do, just don't want to buy all of our energy from there as it would be a security threat.
A lot of ways to divide (and at the same time unite) Estonia and Latvia
More than Estonian and Finnish for example.
Wow, how the hell did it stay there for so long?
Frankly, swedes were colonialists, and colonized finland
I'm from Tallinn, so very common.
Repost from [2 months ago] and [2 months ago]
- 6 (C) - Süsinik
Medicine has really high competition and I bet they got some kids just applying every year, hoping to get in on a year that had harder exam than their own year was
They were the greatest power in Europe during the Middle-Ages, yet when we think of this time period, we think of Britain, France, the Vikings and Saxons, which were basically little petty kingdoms compared to Hungary
This is exactly how I imagine a skeptical person opening a [milk bag] when he/she has never seen it being opened before.
we can't afford nuclear plants, we're quite in the north so solar isn't as effective as in for example, spain.
So you see
However, I have seen this behaviour in families where parents use Russian as the main language at home but who also come from a different culture
Here are some variants that, in my opinion would be better:
A group that possessed the living space of our ancestors, like literally their property which was confiscated from them.
[If you read the pages 57 and 56 of this then you'll see
Estonia and Slovenia: because they're doing better than us after the fall of communism
love your artstyle
Do you stop throwing things at all when it's too cold or do you just throw ice instead?
Different social groups, different name.
Historically you got your flag from Estonia, just sayin'.
Who says this is meant to stop Iskanders??
Found no evidence is not the same as confirmed he was never in Czech Republic.
We're a small country so it's difficult to hide big cases and they tend to come out
White people could claim that they are European Americans, but that's about it.
Finland
More than the average summer temperature here in Estonia
Plus, they weren't Scandinavian, they were "under Scandinavian control".
[Toomas Hendrik Ilves]
love how estonia and latvia look the same
The reasons the US and Canada are different nations is only historical, otherwise there is no reason for two so similar nations of British background to exist next to each other as separate states.
>Zurich
Yeah, even I as a long-time Reform voter have noticed that.
It makes so much more sense for Na to be Naatrium (in Estonian) than sodium (???) etc
I'm sure that Christians from more conservative countries would integrate a lot more easily into the local European society and would not remain that conservative among the more liberal Christians.
Whenever you want, but usually either on Friday or Saturday, or a bit calmer one on Sunday.
Perhaps because "the truth" is very subjective in these things and depends on cultural, social and personal differences.
The only exceptions are a and l.
[Stunning]
Tallinn grew it's lead more and more following Tartu's near complete destruction in the Great Northern War, the construction of the Tallinn-Narva-St
Norteastern Estonia is a lot about mining.
Russian military bases in Mediterranean are much more dangerous and destabilizing than some headchoppers.
My grandfather was devastated by this of course, never really forgiving himself.
This castle is historically famous for young Bulgarian knights practicing city siege at the ages of 6 to 10, dating back to early 12th century.
Again - wrap it around your head.
Btw, seda kasutatakse ka eesti keeles kui *[deminutiiv]
Tbh We Estonians would still be quite suspicious of russia
Especially considering that it must be a pretty big order
This is one of the differences between UK and US English
If I recall it's 900,000 imprisoned and 300,000 murdered though please wait until I actually consult the book tonight
It's not that hard to maintain a healthy lifestyle after serving in the army has gotten you into shape.
Also, nobody cares about your nazi ancestors
But resist Jihad of this magnitude, our western democracy must!
Because it's a lie
I want to kill myself every year when all of a sudden it gets dark an hour earlier and I won't see the sun coming home from work for four months because of it
It is caricature
Wait, what
I like denmark it's like a more laid back scandinavia, people arent so uptight
Yes
That info is available for all countries and it turns out that for example Warsaw has far higher GDP per capita than Vienna or Berlin.
I look "almost every place", you look for a certain place.
Because what some call Eastern Europeans, are a threat to the general labour force, while African or Middle Eastern immigrants are not.
The left-wing Estonian Centre Party became notorious for creating ridiculously unnecessary municipal jobs to fight unemployment during the economic crisis and their opponents created [this anti-commercial] to mock their ridiculous policies.
I don't understand how did you come up with the idea that we're against democracy here
Well in that case, your point is worth no more than his.
Estonia joined Schengen in 2008, so there are still some remnants of border infrastructure
I ment the Riisipere-Haapsalu segment specifically
Estonia has tons of [interconnected] folklore about the origin of geological formations like lakes, hills, boulders etc.
I really struggled with it until I realised that I don't wear dress shirts so I have literally no reason to iron, only did it because my mother irons everything, completely useless if you ask me
Well ... government changes or 'mild-revolutions' take time (and when the time comes it happens super-fast)
What do they think
The interviewer not jokingly, but very seriously then asked her: **"Oh, Estonian is a dialect of Russian, right
But it's pronounced differently.
From what I've seen QR codes still take 2-3 seconds at best, while NFC smart cards are nearly instantaneous
I've travelled fairly extensively in Poland and Hungary and locals were so terrible at English that in Poland I was better off using Russian (which I can't speak for shit btw) and in Hungary my mom had to speak in German (which she has only barely picked up watching German soaps)
Not anymore, most are happening between men and women.
That’s a whole lot of words just to say you’re wrong anyway
Obviously with family it's completely ok to go naked to sauna
Actually the colors really dont have any meaning, its just interpitation also a petition for lithuania to use their old grand duchy flag
So what US bases in countries bordering Russia and not shown on this map are there?
You should be a stand-up comedian
Going by car will be faster, but more stressful
one celebrity called her a mushroomer from an estonian island (for her casual outfit), but that got quite a bit of backlash, so idk if it counts as a joke
Yes, I do
We hate russians, probably because we have to learn their language
The distinction is only made when necessary.
Make vodka from grain then
Heavy snowfall affects our daily lives a lot more, as does the melting period, when the streets are slippery
Not to the degree that we an see asphalt ;)
Never seen it, but if you read the [Wikipedia article]#Other_countries), then there is a list of countries included, where they also have these sales.
The more southeast you go, the welcoming they get.
The bill exists, as said in the article:
Bring foreigners in and give them expectations that they are now glorious colonizers, then they will seek back to their glorious motherland after the colonization ends
"Valmis või ei, siit ma tulen
Don't you mean the theft of rightful Russian land?
- 50 (Sn) - Tina
That's literally the example of ww2 affecting foreign relations
We are very distrusting of phone and TV shopping
no russia and latvia
It is not necessary to speak English to get by in Estonia, but most people in the younger generations have at least some degree of fluency due to having learned it in school and exposure to English-language media
Oh wow
* If you have lifetrheatening trauma or disease you will be treated fairly quickly and you won't spend thousands on just calling an ambulance
Think about all those times anybody has raised issues about regulations in Europe and how it's stifling
That [50k eur a year] is really well spent
Sure, but it's the occupied Estonian town of Jaanilinn.
Background color look exactly the same as on my driving license card ))
The best I've found out for this method are kind of medium-sized dumplings.
I've forgotten most I've read about Tunisia by now and and I don't think I've ever really known anything specific about Libya
The latter is the same with Latvians, but we share almost nothing culturally with Lithuanians.
Le Pen is working hard for "Nouvelle Russie".
Same as being heavily tanned increasing chances lf skin cancer
I won one of those at a little contest six years ago, I think I've used it maybe once, otherwise it's useless
There is potential to export a lot of electricity and other products not based on gas
Okay, thank you for the info
Every ex-Soviet state should have their own dog breed because the Soviet ministry said so.
That's really, really good to know and not on the US-Russian Embassy website at all.
Not really national but some regions have their contenders
Nowadays there are a lot of nordic restaurants and I honestly quite enjoy them
[Gorgeous]
And i think we're also very similar to Latvia even though many Estonians don't acknowledge it.
Don't you think Russia could conquer some new territories before Ukraine would actually join NATO?
Basically because it supposedly sounds less "Eastern".
Also have had to explain that we don't use horses as a way of transportation
We have a LOT of dialects
I know a Hungarian dude who speaks decent Estonian and I've met a German girl and an American guy who were so fluent I could barely tell they had an accent
I'm wearing cargo shorts right now.
Well, the EU is supporting Rail Baltica to link Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania with the European network (we don't even have any other 1435mm railways yet
I personally don't really have any clothes with logos on them (though the [Vans sneakers] maybe do have
It's clearly a biscuit
It's just what you are used to
Drunk driving is sadly quite rampant and indeed deadly as well.
But imo it's mostly national pride for fighting for an winning independence during war in 1918-1920
Try though, in Estonia atleast there is a saying that you should take vitamin-D every month that has a 'R' in it.
I didn't find Gorbachev claiming there was some promise from your link.
Didn't expect that all
Thank you for saving us from the Soviets.
NOT
We are both very atheist and unreligious, both have high beer consumption, pretty much the same HDI, GDP per capita and democracy index
Depends what you mean by "foreign-born" of course
To your edits: Estonia doesnt border Kaliningrad and our borders are either water or bogs for the most part
The ground becomes slippery and icy, OK
[black bread] is traditionally very dark-coloured.
Also what I have noticed is that Eastern European people who are aged 30 and below talk only shit about USSR meanwhile 30+ aged people who had lived there will tell you something different..
Because Moldova and Ukraine didn't reform like Estonia, Poland, Czechia etc did.
I really don't get Russian grammar Like you have set rules to your language, but there's a load of words that don't follow the rules, Also why so many genders
I think it's more that Germans played a large role and not particularly Germany itself
* Ruum/Ruuma (E: room, space/F: cargo hold)
Everything we do with the younger boys is centered around it being fun and  more playfull than just training, but for older boys the idea of military training is fun in it of itself (this is usually why boys want to join, they are drawn by the guns and "cool army stuff")
"Pulm" means "wedding" in Estonian, but "pulma" in Finnish means "problems".
And they worked very well in terms of propaganda - many people in post-soviet countries believe to this day that Ussr defeated Germany alone and allied contribution was almost non-existent
why put any solar panels on urban rooftops at all?
It really has nothing to do with objectivity.
And by decent I mean, can someone just not hire a black man/muslim/gay/leasbian/etc and state he/she/it gave the "wrong vibes" and not cause a scandal
oh, and i was shocked to find out that all of the eastern european countries werent in the ussr
This could work entirely differently in another language.
Who said there are no traces of a welfare state here?
Tartu definitely punches above its weight
fuck no, we'd have to teach so many people and the language is HARD
Estonia is on its way to destination fucked
Native Estonian, while English and German come quite easily to me.
And read the end of the first paragraph here :
Terrorism seems to be really working
If I were dutch Id vote for Wilders, hes kinda aiming to the right direction.
Fuck it, this style is awful, Signed, Mango Mussolini.
Toomas Hendrik Ilves, our 4th president, was born in Sweden, grew up in New Jersey, then later moved to Canada and then Germany
As for showing our faces, people from the southern half do visit every now and then (and not just those idiots who come for cheap beer), we like little roadtrips or weekend getaways at your place sometimes
touch / fin
*Riigivanem* ("State Elder") which was used for both HOG(+HOS) in 1920-1934 and HOS in 1934-1938.
It theory it was supposed to control all the legal institutions of the Russian Empire.
It has even been tested, people have  took 2 watches and left one at the entrance of the bog and one inside the bog
My favorite language apart from the Finnic ones is English
If those "separatists" want to leave Ukraine, then what is stopping them from physically moving to Russia, like normal people?
Lithuania: thank you for trying to help Belarus
"Asylum seekers" not immigrants.
Or Romania above Greece
Oh, well that’s new
Like ride mountain bikes, rally cars, punch bags, kick chairs, make love to women on the beach etc, the usual shiat.
It's perfectly fine not to have children.
The Russian guy started to yell in Russian, while the American explained in English that he'll try to park his car better.
Religion is so unimportant in Estonians lives that it is seriously such an unimportant matter, and organized religion is sometimes looked as a big greedy business which some seriously hate
Een führer
Flights to cool places in Europe though are short and you can go to Latvia for cheap booze
In very rare occurrences as single shots.
Nice
Haven’t seen a human in weeks, only trees
Going renewable means your expenses go higher
He is accused of corruption, his health is getting worse and the younger generation has taken over his party and instantly got into the government as well.
He was Estonian, just foreign born
Ticks, Boars, Moose, Bears and Wolves but won't likely attack unless provoked
You can check out this incredible timelapse that shows difference between summer and winter in Finland - it's pretty much same here in Estonia
The idea doesn't get developed, the company doesn't advance and suddenly we're surprised that all of our computing is run by foreign companies
Soviet time influenced a lot - music, literature, theatre.
Sympathy for a person, who supports a sick regime or a sick religion, of course not.
Though it has rather an insulting slang-like meaning.
There are many such societies that deal with conserving them, plus the states do give money, but that's just not enough.
I did it and it was fab
No all the Uralic languages should definitely still be grouped together, it's just that the Samoyedic languages really did split off from the Finno-Ugric languages very early and Hungarian among the two other Ugric languages being very distinct is also not being questioned.
All the things that are usually sold in polish groceries in western european countries can be just  found in regular shops, so no point in having specific shops for them
Meänkieli doesn't have an official status in Sweden.
I like how everything is closeby or how innovative we are implementing new technology
I mean, communism is a kinda neat idea, but it has literally never worked out, in the span of human history since its invention.
The tastes are maybe more subtle than in southern countries
Cool now I can brag how much better we are than Latvia and all the other countries ranked lower than ESTONIA
I feel like they're utterly unrelated, but who cares, we're first!
No decent pub could do without them.
It's cool because it gives you a short overview of our life throughout history, but as a museum it is not that interesting.
Linnuse kali is my favorite here.
One is Väike-Pakri (Small Pakri) and one is Suur-Pakri (Big Pakri)
I think it was the Emmanuelle movies.
Mostly it's called the *Saksa-Rooma riik* ("German-Roman State"), but *Püha Rooma riik* ("Holy Roman State") or *Püha Rooma Keisririik* ("Holy Roman Empire") aren't uncommon either
There are many healthier topics / areas to focus your energy on
Isn't it also dangerous to just wander around in deserted areas in ex-yugoslavian countries due to all the land-mines left from war times
Embarrasing for the diehard pro-independence movement
I even know a class who went to Kazakhstan
Don't get me wrong, Lasnamäe is definitely the worst of them, while [Annelinn] is comparably similar in Tartu
It becomes even more apparent if we take domestic violence; there were 57 offenses per 10,000 residents in Ida Virumaa compared to 26 in Harjumaa
The IT guy, who nobody knows works here
It's totally fine to discuss for both our own (K. Päts) and foreign, i.e. Soviet and German dictators
There are also less regular or only seasonal flights from Saaremaa and Pärnu to the smaller islands of Kihnu and Ruhnu and they are used by some locals, but again, most would just take the way cheaper ferries.
It is very small compared to Tallinn, even though it is our second biggest town
well, my problem is - too many social liberals and too less economy ones
Russia ofc
[Gorgeous]
Estonians have a part [barbie house] , part [generic castle]
It is, there are several non-Estonian etymologies here.
So if anything, then Swedish might be somewhere, but even that is unlikely
Where I go to eat in Central Tallinn, there is a musical school and there are a lot of Asian students there.
I was baffled when I discovered years after visiting Monaco that Monaco [doesn't even extend to the top of the seaside hills] of what would feel like one town.
lame
In Colloquial Estonian you are just seeking attention if you use the word "United Kingdom" instead of "Great Britain" other than the diplomatic context.
Estonian - aprikoos
America needs to import some serious freedom to whichever organisation made this poll.
Glögi is called mulled wine in English
I thought I'd know
Blizzard bending to communists does not meak me happy
And yandex taxi is actually available not only in Russia
I actually know a few of them personally
Issue is that such a monument doesn't exist
I think OP changed the link to show a different map or something.
They didn't really give people a chance to say no.
I've encountered Estonians who speak Russian better than me.
I am for Estonia
They can also teach philosophy, often if the school has one, it also has the other
Jäääär (the edge of ice)
I agree if I first saw this in my news it sounded like the dumbest thing ever
And having debt doesn't always mean a bad thing
He had a baby here
You would think that Finland would go on the offensive if Russia were to attack Sweden from the sea?
Turkey's weird
As big as Samoa
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Kamakura
It's Thursday noon, what do you expect from him?
In Europe it started a bit later, when Android was already available
I don't know if plastic bags are more eco friendly than a tetrapak.
The collapse was caused by unsustainability of soviet system, not by capitalism.
Plus some Ingrian Finns who have migrated to Estonia after harsh repressions in Russia.
Americans if compared to the British and Canadians also fail to pronounce the L-sound correctly in Estonian, sticking to their habits.
This meme just doesn't get old :D
Russian Empire was gone by that time ;)
At this point everything was better than Soviets, even Germans
What if the mink version is milder and will limit the spread of the "original" covid
Especially duck
Narva was split by the soviets into two cities
Don't know about the Latvian one, but Kalevipoeg is indeed the national epic of Estonia and probably the best answer for this question regarding Estonian poetry
Latvia
I knew what I meant, considering I made that map, but indeed I used the wrong word.
However in Estonia atleast you have to be pretty social to make friends because most of us aren't ://
Estonia was nearly on par with Finland, so there you have it.
Misunderstood your comment at first.
The colony itself becomes a new colonist!
Such rules exist so that a person would have the right to have citizenship of at least one country.
No matter how much the Netherlands wishes it you can't become like mountainous Austria (63% hydro) with great rivers getting your electricity from hydro
Football is the most popular TV sport perhaps, but not by attendance.
German law is rather good, if not the best one out there.
of course smetana goes on borsch
I agree, he shouldn't - when people also read about the hateful, ungrateful shit that some "refugees" do and say, like the way some of them refused water in Hungary last year or how one of them said the Lithuanian government can't provide them with enough money, aid and support for his family, that 450 euros a month isn't enough.
Like a mix between of world history and culture
the saaremaa people disagree though :P
Must be the [Toompea Castle] in Tallinn, currently housing the Parliament of Estonia
* Despite taxation, public healtchare fund is constantly running short of money
It was more of an ethnic cleansing the other way around.
This is not to say that these regions don't have strong cultural divisions among them.
Standard Estonian varies relatively little and most people, who usually have intonation differences (Southern Estonia and the islands) tend to speak a little differently and closer to the standard intonation on the media than they are used to.
But i doubt you are walking arround with brownies all the time and smoking smells and can't be done that discreet
You know having your whole title in capital letters is pretty obnoxious.
It's a fairly new tradition(which was partially introduced/copied from you in a move to distance ourselves from the previous Soviet/Tsarist symbols of remembrance/war that were (St
"he seems to be very honest about his neoliberalism"
Estonia's independence and sovereignty are timeless and inalienable
In Tartu, the main nightclub is located like a 100 m from the main foreign students dorm building ;)
[i climbed that]
In Estonia they are rather weak, sort of alternatives for rich kids, who couldn't get into a public university.
My oh my How brutal the Estonians were to the russians
It is still not good enough of a reason.
Russia is a poor and corrupt oligarchy and so is Ukraine, but the Association Agreement is a step to the right direction.
&#x200B;
Cajun cusine (recipes, spices, etc), mexican foods?
Very professional
To be honest, this would make a lot of sense.
And they worked very well in terms of propaganda - many people in post-soviet countries believe to this day that Ussr defeated Germany alone and allied contribution was almost non-existent
Not really, because of grammatical genders, most words obtain a characteristic suffix.
The courtyards can be pleasant though as they are often closed and private, although they aren't very practical due to being narrow and not getting much sunlight
most of whom do not want to be part of Ukraine.
I'd say Russia and Russians have been a lot unfriendlier to me my whole life
It is the only 'country' that uses plastic coins.
First reaction was surreal and hard to believe it’s really happening, like one of the symbols of Europe burning
Getting closer with the EU rather than Russia is more beneficial to Ukraine in every possible aspect.
Is the difficulty of the pronunciation related to your language being different in this regard?
Hell, the Remain side was mocking the referendum, suggesting that the UK should just get it over with and that's that, back to everyday life after that.
I really like buildings from that time
As far as I know Estonia copied a lot of things from Germany when we regained independance in 1991
Not to flex or anything but we got 1 in Tallinn our capital and no more
Of course there are problems elsewhere, but Ida-Virumaa is just a massive conglomerate of all those problems
I would've been thankful if someone had taught me some of it too
Russia when drunk
Technically, Finland "has" them ;)
Ragnar, Rein, Kalev, Sven, Mihkel, Olev, etc...
Only a monster would do such things
Lavrov is bringing it up quite often
Can confirm: very annoyed
I think you are the third one to post this :D
As it quickly learns that communism doesnt really work in real life :D
Please give us our cold weather back
"Petseri County had previously been part of the Guberniya of Pskov, and belonged to Estonia in 1920–1944
Everywhere that isn't Tartu, Tallin, Pärnu or Võru really
He was Estonian, just foreign born
I wonder what those poor Estonian veterans, who were unfortunate enough to be forcefully drafted into German army, would have though of this statement
Never seen something like that
Only in diplomatic speech is *Madalmaad* used because it's rather uncomfortable to use due to the plural form.
Metsatöll - Oma Laulu Ei Leia Ma Üles
" meaning yes because that's how my mom did it
But otherwise bears and wolves of course, but they are unlike to attack unless provoked
If you force it in any way you'll end up angering some people and giving Russia a way to stir up problems
Australia banned guns, and gun violence went down enormously.
Hell, sometimes Copenhagen feels like my second capital because of how close it is to where I live
I understand and fully support anyone who dislikes soviet regime and their illegal annexation of neighbouring countries, but I will never understand why you have to celebrate those who fought for another totalitarian regime because of that
The problem with what Soros is doing is that he needs to destroy the cultural institutions to destroy the nation state, but a society can't exist without its cultural institutions.
They both should have resigned a long time ago
Well yes, but if dropping way under -10 °C is a regular occurrence, then you would probably start thinking about not going running today.
And most of these algorithms have to be serviced later on, changed, tested again because people make errors.
For me, they rarely do
Not very common either, mostly just left over from the the end of the last century, rural people probably still use them sometimes
[Ta lendab mesipuu poole] and [Eestlane olen ja eestlaseks jään] are also very iconic
On the left, you can see the door of the [Town Hall Pharmacy] in continuous operation since 1422
That deep red and black makes my pants so tight.
They are a fantastic site for a bike trip - I did like a week long trip and visited over 60 islands
I've personally never met a person, who didn't like it.
Oh we got a lots of those types of pies here
A party which often sees little support from the majority ethnic group.
So, yes, I store my eggs in the fridge
So much more sun
Well, if you believe the latest PISA rankings, then Estonia already has a better score there than Finland, but of course there still are enough reasons to regard the Finnish system as the best.
Žonn meid his vei tu ä tävern truu te dark forest, ounli tu faind aut tät hi forgott te mani
Same
Konstatin Päts
Right now there are 5 major parties in Estonia:
while Ukrainians silenced them
Our "distaste" of that country in the east hasn't changed in the last 10 years, nor will it in the next 10.
Congrats from Estonia
No, that's just a coincidence
One day while on the subway, they shared their embarrassing sex stories with each other and because they were Estonians, they thought that nobody would understand them.
I don't like the idea of somebody getting a citizenship while keeping the old one, simple
They were basically Vikings in the early to mid middle ages
There really should be a graphic for it
It's that time of the week again ?
My family used to be im charge of a German noble man's mansion so yeah i guess i would've inherited that
You guys actually belive china
Ahh i see you truly are a man of culture aswell
When topics about my own country then sometimes there is not an English page
There's more to this story but unfortunately I, the biggest history nut in the family, was born a bit too late and the stories he personally told me were both confusing ( as he was a bit senile) and I didn't have context for them as I was about 13 when he died
We're used to it, but more importantly, we're equipped for it - clothing for being outside and heating+insulation for being inside
Should they go together, then it's usually a bigger sauna and in this case most people wear a towel, although, depending on the situation it's not necessary.
From the Balkans through the black market.
Yup, most of November to March it is still dark when you go to work/school and already dark when you go back home
So much more sun
Don't worry, OP's gonna drown when the ice caps melt!
Not all wars are illegal though.
Fuck
The end result is usually "We kind of knew Finland would be pro-German so we attacked them first" which I find even more frustrating
Just laik in Finländ
But making such a monumental reform that brings massive political, economical and social changes based on a referendum won by a 4% margin just doesn't fit in here
[Districts] in this [city] provide +2 Great Person points of their type
>Why are you born in a northern country then
Well our "twelve months" (*kaksteist kuud*) sounds like "cocks taste good" in English.
Nuclear power plants are not an easy option for Estonia, considering we're just too tiny
Is it similar/the same in Spanish
We have actually come a long way in Europe and the debates have become more relaxed and although a lot of things changed I feel like we're a bit more reasonable
Not among the official languages of the EU.
Id pick Germany in a heartbeat
Then again, the question must be raised, whether there was any other possibility
Thing is, each of those Northern Europeans is there for a brief period of time ;)
i hope you forgot /s
It's even against the law to not provide you those if you pay taxes
And if you run out, you're either shit at planning or have already had too much
In Estonia they are planning to open a bunch of Lidls and I’m not exactely happy about it
I think it was very well and cleverly done by not mentioning any members and when did different countries join.
I personally didn’t know anyone who doesn’t keep eggs in the fridge
If you ask (and this is a common after-greeting if you haven't seen each other in a while), then it means that you are waiting for a genuine answer.
Took the time to translate into colloquial Estonian:
[Kaja Kallas] is quite pretty in my opinion.
Estonian - aprikoos
There are so many tiny finno-ugric nations
A potato salad should be made with sour cream
The Estonian/Finnish name for Russia is thought to come from the [Wend] or the [Veneti people] The similarity to *vene* ("boat") is coincidental.
Also did you know that latvia and estonia will soon start building European largest offshore wind farm
One thing is, that it is easier if you either don't know them at all or know them very well - anything in between is risky
Latvia is sending in their tank as well, so be prepared!
Funny, for me personally it is French
So I pack as much clothes as I can
I have gotten questions from people to check if I spoke Russian or Estonian (I speak both)
Only easy and flexible "green" is hydroelectricity and the Netherlands is flat without suitable rivers so there's that
Only the unofficial alternative *Eestimaa* would mean "Eastern Land".
Tänud
Estonians, no matter their disdain for us
We are indeed the same ethnic group and I know plenty of them, who have moved back to Estonia.
I've always wondered
There were sometimes high kings of ireland
Setomaa Estonia
They are planning to become a tax haven.
I always hated how it doesn't feel europe enough here, we are too young of a people to have a lot of history, like the greeks, italians or French
Lol, don't worry, the bad Finnish tourist stereotype doesn't reach much further than the harbour area and certain Tallinn Old Town pubs
(Estonia)
1940 was clear hint I hope :D
Insufficient regulation
do u have any examples
I think they changed it
There is no reason they should be loyal to Austria, even though they live in Austria, everything Austrian is alien to them.
It just isn´t and trying to portrait it as such simply puts the democratic movement in Belarus into troubles
That's sad
I suspect Russia is actually dissapointed that they've currently lost influence over the only political party representing Russian voters in Estonia.
Gosh, think of if folks like you were actually in charge of some country's defense policy...
[I think the photograph of our first independence parade in 1919]
Bydgoszcz, Poland for me, with 346,739 inhabitants
Pretty good if you live around the capital or other biggest towns.
I'm mostly arguing that they're not *that* much worse than some other places in Estonia
No, they've actually lost influence over Estonian politics.
Please start to train every fraction of the population to hype.
It's deterrent because it means if they get caught they won't get either welfare money OR easy access to the labor market, even though they'd probably go underground.
It is much more than just a poll where random people are asked to assess corruption from 1 to 100.
For example Vilnius used to be part of Poland before the Soviet occupation.
A singular name is a lot easier to use.
For example Žorik, in Tallinn
&#x200B;
And why wouldn't this backfire, at least for some women workers?
Jesus, weighing flour seems so utterly over the top :D
It is often said, but it is not true in my experience.
Surprised by the hiding of cleavage on the today's picture.
> May Day is fuck all but a day off work these days for most in Britain
Early A2 level isn't really enough to have a decent conversation.
I am not giving my answer on this - there isn't really anything that sticks, but the whole parade of weird aspects about this is just staggering.
The old towns are very different though.
he is also notorious for not being able to give a straight answer, to the point where someone created a "round answer generator" that generates answers that dont actually answer the question, but sound like they do
1 million EU citizen's gets you a citizen's initiative.
Estonia's total area is 4
(this goes for other drugs too and i don't mean we should legalize everything)
Those whose income is €2100/mo will be taxed 38€ more, and those whose income is €100,000/mo will also be taxed €38 more.
If that was true then countries without mandatory civil/military service would be literally falling apart
The Soviet society didn't even recognise Holocaust as a separate event - It was all a "crime against the Soviet people".
I do know there are some hermits who are happy to live in a hut
I just like to listen to angry Russians, other than that i don't like other languages
I think the only one we have is the [Kuressaare Episcopal Castle]
This peaceful protest puts you in a pathetic victim role.
Especially since all intervetnion methods that would have been possible in the truly barbaric colonial past are off the table...I really seen no good and efficient way out of this without causing causilities if we are to maintain the idea that people have the FREEDOM to do whatever they like there, meaning if they wat to have 5-6 kids - fine, freedom.
However 12:00 isn't actually the middle of the day for the majority of people, it isn't even the middle of the work day
It's something Estonians and Latvians broadly reject
I love how it’s a mix of both germanic and romance roots with a very distinct pronunciation
You don't remember the original legend?
Over here you get a fine, if you don't.
VLC media player still has some problems though with playing videos sometimes
Really cool to see someone know about it, really appreaciate it
Regular typeface are more or less direct translations, while *Italics* are popular etymologies.
Yeah, it's not about being a sin in the religious sense, but rather just perverse or a disease etc.
We all fear the moment the snow melts.
Brexit will suck no matter what but I wish Brits the very best and hope that the consequences wont last a decade.
However Crimea belonged to Ukraine.
Crazy, right
Winter runners of Europe, how cold is too cold for you to go running outside?
Our right wing populists got a total of 8.5% though.
>Socially
There are also some smaller irrelevant parties
For females Maire, Salme, Hilda, Alma, Elvine
So Irish Catholics are not directly connected to the IRA.
More global warming allows more access to fossil fuels in the north, and at the same time more global warming means weaker gulf stream and colder europe, at least in the medium term
Regular people were not admitted into elite hospitals.
Whats this female perspective exactly for a managerial role in the transport department
At least here covering the head with a scarf or with a bonnet was seen as a prestigious right.
who's this "we
There are many healthier topics / areas to focus your energy on
Be sure to max it out, though, whatever it is
Yeah, Putin's main opposition is awfully careless around chemicals, right
This issue needs a better spokesperson than a young woman with Bieber's haircut
No, but the South Estonian dialect is very strong and sounds like a small part of it is lithuanian+latvian and rest Estonian
How can Belgian language areas be real if Belgium isn't real?
katsu/katso: est
Welcome to Estonia
He was a real penguin in a suit, I promise
Great own a car but do you need to take it to the city on short trips
You're not going to be stopped by police during your grocery shopping (in fact seeing police is very-very rare here)
It's the government's fuck up, which can hardly be called pro-Russian.
Because how is NATO the aggressor if the national governments invite them in?
Sibelius
Luxurious 120sq m flat in the center of Tallinn -[
In some parts of Tallinn though, the water has slight smell of chlorine because the water is taken from a lake and needs to be purified, but it doesn't bother me
Yet city limits is rather irrelevant.
Bears usually keep away from people.
I have to confess I've learned more about Germany from history books than from your posts.
To not change anything for an entire year.
For example, I don't care if you bought your groceries from a man or a woman, they're groceries!
Even Tartu and Tallinn have some really poor-looking districts full of wooden shacks which are not far from city centre
In fact, I've never heard of anyone going there and coming back.
Not everyone has it, you can usually find it on middle aged rural folk, who have very little practice in English.
Not saying the sound necessarily reminds a Slavic language, but it's just more complicated if compared to the relatively melodic Latvian.
The first was probably more popular in the 90s, the latter is probably more popular now.
It actually was an Estonian territory in the first Republic and if I'm not mistaken even in the russian empire
And there he was, long grey hair waving after him, skipping around in his red pants and yellow shirt, looking like the flag of Spain, in bright primary colours
Phone charger plugs
we call dandelions butter flowers lol
And the correct English word eould be "hills" ;)
is better than being associated with Russia.
An Estonian stronghold with a small settlement was built there around 1050 and it was most likely first mentioned in 1154.
Not sure tho, it isn't that popular here, most just send their kids to grandpa and grandmas house for the summer, or summer camp
Oh you better be nice or I'll use [this gadget] on your cheese
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland had a referendum and voted to leave the EU.
I know one good band that is definitely from Tallinn:
Sure is, specialists with master's degrees don't get paid that much often here
Maybe lithuania had their reasons to choose the current flag over the old one but i dont know
How would you compare your country against it?
Well, an immigrant population nevertheless.
And video games and TV shows and so on and so on
Then the Soviet Union issued their second ultimatum in 1940, demanding that Estonia hold a referendum to see if its' people want to join the USSR.
In Estonia we do learn to cook
There is one channel that doesn't play foreign language music at all.
Remember *Czech Hell*? Sounds equally bad, doesn't it
Yet it makes the language somewhat shorter, for example in Estonian:
In normal countries such economic harshness would have resulted in a change of government much sooner.
Even if your country was attacked???
you can't seriously be thinking that people in Europe are never/very rarely mixed?
It goes by either *lägaburger* or *lögaburger* or sometimes *rotiburger* ("rat burger")
[Mu isamaa on minu arm] was seen as the unofficial anthem when singing our real anthem was forbidden during the Soviet occupation
Dunno, feels more like a matter of taste
5.4% was annualized rate only for December.
Anyone who has ever been to one of our song festivals (especially as a singer) - [“Ta lendab mesipuu poole”]
bible
The stark population decreases seen in Latvia and Lithuania hasn't really been the case here due to slightly higher wealth levels and the closeness of Finland and Sweden.
Ma situn sulle viha pähe ja sa upud sellesse.
There is a transitional council formed by the opposition which had a meeting today
They plan to rise alcohol prices a lot.
But why doesn't snow get under there?
Whom nobody in the office knows and whose computer is 15 years old but somehow works okay
- Within mainland Estonia: train or bus
This message brought to you by Europe gang
Probably the state owns many of them, especially [castles] of which there have been over a hundred in Estonia alone and about 50 of them remain intact or in half-ruins.
Rip cheap liquor tho
Development and humanitarian aid is not protecting us.
(/NO/IS)
Plus Hiiumaa islanders have surprisingly distinct slang that they use.
You can see the different Germanic origins in the link provided in my original comment.
This is a possibility
However there are other geographical directions out there...
He isn't talking about EU citizens, but basically MENA countries.
In Estonia if a Russian got elected, it would ruffle some feathers
And even if so, a direct conflict in Syria would automatically lead to WW3...
Valmis või mitte, siit ma tulen
How are most of these things disgusting at all?
How much of your Estonian culture are you maintaining
Instead of thinking "duh, those voters are stupid", maybe ask them why they vote like that
Especially since it was during times when Internet and English mass media was not as easily available as today (late 90s early 2000s)
The best roads were in Western Poland tbh
Turns out that black or rye bread isn't that popular everywhere
I take public transport when I need to go to the city centre, or when I plan on getting drunk somewhere :D
It is not irrelevant
redditor
But if your parents were to own another property or apartment, they could charge you a small fee, like 1/3 of the rent price
From the article I'd assume the mutilation happened in Germany
This year there was a swiss girl in an another class who changed schools(for friends I think).
We are also facing a never ending embarrasement caused by our Interior Minister
Lol estonia 27c
I played it and it was great
What did you guys have for breakfast today and how will it help you in the fight against the corruption?
Our previous President [Toomas-Hendrik Ilves] was born in Stockholm to Estonian emigres and grew up in the United States and is a US citizen
Not really, one other reaosn why some politician is called a populist is when he given promises he can't fulfill OR as the wiki page says better than I can "populism as demagogy, merely appearing to empathize with the public through rhetoric".
My grandmother has told me the tales about Võru
How can you "actively" not believe in god?
Ketchup is a no-no, while pineapple is wonderful on pizza!
Yes, because you know what the other option is...
That isn't entirely true, it's just that no country and no tons of people actually defend racist and fascist regimes
Wait no, this is an Estonian joke about Latvians.
** Estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic, where the people are the highest bearer of state power
1 for recently emancipated former serfs
From a quick search it seems *pale lager* is the closest term to it in English
Marginalizing in the sense that usually nobody wants to cooperate with them.
A lot of people speak pretty decent English so you will almost never be in trouble for not knowing Estonian (you should still atleast try to learn though)
And I've lost my hope to see a harder snow at the forthcoming weeks
About 50,000 people were executed there, including more than 30,000 victims of the Holocaust
You buy sliced cheese, duh
We do it so our writting doesn't look Estonian.
We know very well how a big minority can be a bad thing.
Yes, but you can hardly count centuries of serfdom as "an event".
And one very important factor that was rescinded by the Russian Empire (hence the expression):
pointless
What are the geographical extremes of your travels?
Now go ahead and DESTROY those claims with FACTS and LOGIC too as there are certainly some Brits and some Finns, who do not like these things
Knowing the English name "Cliff Islet" is good enough.
I think they ment Estonian Russian, i would consider it different enough from Russian Russian, as they speak Estonian and would be at least partially integrated into Estonian culture and day-to-day business, no idea why would you reject it
You don't get how imperialism is still ingrained to the Russian mentality.
Oh god, another Slovenian like this?
But i think younger people are starting to change their minds slowly, so i am hoping for the best
Also ossid
If a person is a citizen of Estonia, then he doesn't have to be able to speak Estonian.
When looking at the latitudes, then we are more
lol
He believes that if he creates a world government with the same ideals, then events like WW2 cannot happen anymore.
Then h2ppyme deleted his duplicate one.
What if I told you that we will look like that even if we do put on sun cream..
The real number was likely much larger.
Or Turkey actually behind both Russia and Belarus
Infringement on my personal liberties as an adult, perhaps
Honestly, as Estonia is a small country, it seems as all big media have pretty same moderate views and luckily all of them imo aren't afraid to criticise the government, even the government owned channels
yes in russia they just disappear or epstein themselves
They'll have three times as much money tomorrow, while you will only have two times as much money.
From Google:
The [Võro and Seto dialects/languages] somewhat survive in Estonia.
Whenever we have comparisons about how 'the neighbours' are doing, Lithuania is always there
Whites for their opposition of new independent countries - something not shared by Lenin.
In fact it was already in Rossija24 News and has been mentioned in several Russian outlets.
Yay, now let's stop talking about this
I personally admire Sanna Marin and I think she is a fantastic leader
It has been influenced by Russian and Finnish (although sometimes it's hard to figure out if some feature or word came from Finnish or an Estonian dialect).
>Everyone is the same
Imagine a time when our own descendants start to think naively positively about the Soviet Union.
Their descendants escaped religious persecution in Russia and settled in (Swedish-controlled) Estonia, long before the majority of Russians arrived in the late Soviet era.
There were never such ethnic units - they were all distributed among other units.
Plus Europe is a peninsula of Eurasia.
[Yes they do]#Korporacje_po_roku_1989.5B8.5D).
Sounds about like over here, though I'll take out my warm winter jacket maybe a few degrees earlier, just wear extra lighter clothing under it
It doesn't say Hitlerism
China is an imperialistic dictatorship only with a slightly different shade than Russia.
Seems like some low quality satire.
Sure is, specialists with master's degrees don't get paid that much often here
Also I'm pretty sure you don't have to be a cynical person to realize that most moral codes large companies follow are designed for PR purposes
"And its not easy learning through the Internet."
2016 has been quite the terrible year for politics on the global scale.
Things must have changed in 7 years though.
You are obliged to wear a [safety reflector] at all times in the dark.
If this is not what you meant then perhaps you should learn to phrase yourself better when posting online.
Ayy poetry club
As much as I have seen his other comments he seems to be ok with immigrants, but I think the large population of russians there is a bit of a problem as they have formed their own communities and dont want to integrate.
Just as it does in Estonian
I chose russian but sucked at it.
Each district should have its own song honestly
Stays fresh for about 4-5 days.
Over time with compound interest investing is smartest choice
Did you feel any serious tension between Russia and US?
". And that's just one example of many such instances I saw when travelling around Europe
The IT guy, who nobody knows works here
All of these are great but i like especially this one
*  Struve Geodetic Arc
French takes it to a new level though, it's not so much of a "round" pronunciation, but just hasty in the sense that it mashes everything together
"Lumekuninganna ja igavene talv", which translates to "The Snow Queen and the Eternal Winter"
If so, what are your opinions of the characteristics of how they speak?
IT and communication, finance/economics, energetics, law
Here in Estonia it's illegal to drink in the streets (unless it's like an open terrace near bar)
Would of been awkward if Germany was red for the Jews question, just saying
Pfft hard to tell really, probably the national station ETV as it has lost the least viewers in the past decade, young folk don't really watch TV anymore, certainly not live
It would have been some obscure caucasian food but now its practically national food.
Külmkapp - cold closet (fridge)
you know US destabilized every country it intervened in?
Actual attempts always call for terror of the proletariat and all sorts of other nasty things like scapegoating
Ugly-ass shit that finest USSR development.
, use assault and battle rifles too
sokkki (even the sock), etc
Could be recent immigrants moving back.
South Korean and Estonian kids were the unhappiest about school.
I know they exist but I've never seen one
TIL that forests can be so different.
France - Prantsusmaa (from German)
Now suddenly it is middle of summer
Copying from /r/combatwombat- post in another thread
The Czech flair is pretty misdirecting.
The airport is also very small, so everything will be quick and easy
Yea for me the estonian looks the most familiar and also the latvian is pretty good
Now because people will come with the old "Portugal can into Eastern Europe" thing, I'll say that it's not really about anything like that
I don't have the exact number of affected people up to now, but this was in the article:
Its population is majority Soviet occupation era Russian immigrants
My school only has flags on flag days, but there might be some that have them all the time, haven't seen any EU flags though.
Continued around the lake to Obertraun instead and went up with the gondola
Potato
hahhahh stupid scandianavian wannabes hahah
" In every port around the world, you will find at least to estonians " ( it went on about gathering news or something but anyway
What were the reasons for that?
Is something pronounced in a funny way to foreigners?
You need a licence to buy a gun and another licence to use it
>But it’s rather naive to think that political elites in Poland and the Baltics would be able to indefinitely resist political pressure from major EU members, if one day they decided to change their Russian policy
Secondly almost nowhere the tax is 10%. In Eastern Europe income tax is between 15 and 20%. And good luck trying to live on 5k in any east european country
* If you have lifetrheatening trauma or disease you will be treated fairly quickly and you won't spend thousands on just calling an ambulance
waffles
Life goes on as regular as people are used to it
Mandatory here from the age of 15
AS A BABY gottem
They're commonly used to give "digital signatures". I (and many other Estonians) don't own a passport since you need a passport only if you want to travel outside Europe
It would be such a silly concept for Estonian
I don't know who to blame now
Not that "i knew it guy", but Im not really surprised
And estonian workers on south finland
There is no cultural divide, but there certainly is a socio-economic divide
>they thought we were going home attl 2am, I felt sorry for them when we left at 7
But uhhh
Specific ones to Estonia
*Madalmaad* ("Lowlands") is used in diplomatic context only.
Good thing they didn't promise something silly like taking us among the top 5 wealthies countries in Europe.
About 30% are Russophone though, down from ca.
Hi Julia
Most likely
a hundred years ago
How did that 68% get there, eh??
These are bold words and assumptions coming from a Swede, who's own people and government supported Germans during the war by supplying them with iron
The hallway of axes
which is a thing in the US, but frowned upon in Europe
idk man
Iraq and Syria are both technically illegal, while Afghanistan and Libya are both legal.
Finland uses the wide gauge too, but it's a tiny bit different from the "soviet" gauge.
Doesn't mean it doesn't exist and isn't being followed by most of the world.
mother in law / fin
Can anyone explain to me the history and reason for that archway thing being in the middle of the city
the only person who should get fucked, is you.
Because Russia knows how to manipulate.
What do you think is a proportional response?
ngl, finnish is drunk estonian
Most: the Estonian Song Festivals, hands down.
Compare with Finland, our closest long time capitalist economy.
Apparently they were touched by someone if some regulation inspector banned their old chairs
I might have remembered that wrong then I guess
oh gosh, sort of like a "could you both just shut up??" kind of moment.
Aww hell nah
Wouldn't say it was a massive topic in school history lessons, but it did have it's own part in textbooks
It's pretty much the one case where it's expected for two people to interact that don't know each-other
A gradual change based on score would be a lot better as it would avoid such stark colour differences between similar results.
The mouse never had "a lot of buddies" due to reasion that the mouse has been agressive towards its neighbours for hundreds of years.
Like some other guy already said you might want to check out Estonian e-residency.
European Union legislators have “overwhelmingly” voted to lift the EU parliamentary immunity of French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen for tweeting pictures of Isis violence.
Limpa is just the shortened version of the word "Limonaad" and the name of the company
However if a (dry) bread falls on the ground, it is respectful to give it a kiss.
South Estonian is so weird and I think I understand Finnish better than South Estonian
I would say camping here is safe, a lot of people go camping here in summers (including me when I was a kid), and I don't recall any kidnappings or murders that's happened with them.
Even other colonizers like British were astonished and how poorly and brutally he run Congo and launched campaigns against him
Kuresaare castle, Saaremaa, Estonia
The old town is filled with tourists and especially in the summers trying to reach out on a passerby in Estonian is rather pointless.
[Lell'o]
I was assured as much by my colleagues.
A house, cottage, cabin - all of them fit the criteria if they are mainly used as family getaways.
Lithuania made a brand new one after the occupation.
There have been more sightings of strange creatures but the old man is the most famous one
>Southern Russia
Partially true, but "old" is the wrong word to use for languages, because they are always changing.
Een führer
There's very good reasons the situation is the way it is
The vote at the electoral assembly was crazy tight, with the first four candidates all within the popularity difference of just 3 percentage points.
It's probably our [Edgar Savisaar] the longtime, currently suspended because of corruption frauds, pro-Russian mayor of Tallinn.
On Christmas Eve, but since almost everyone usually has to do this shit with both sides of the family, then it's on both days anyway.
She had been ill for several days and now insisted on going back to the doctor so they would do more analyses and it turned out to be pneumonia too.
They have to apply to get citizenship.
[Pass-pass]
He is most definitely Russian
In English, the term "UK" is simple enough to be preferred by most people.
Switch the colors around a bit and you have a low-effort r/PoliticalCompassMemes meme
But besides the Singing Revolution, it could be that it was the 1st song festival in 1869, if we are talking about forming the national identity altogether, as it was during the Estonian National Awakening
Because so many were forced to spy on their family, friends and associates in the socialist countries that it's not really their fault.
The total area burned in Australia this season is about 4
So - yes, the are carrying but there is sooo much paperwork when they happen to unholster it
When scots voted about UK it was made clear that if they leave they are not part of EU.
Sure, the ones, who decided to stay, were almost all deported to Siberia.
Of course they are not the same as communism is not the only totalitarian ideology
of course, his name sounds greek, the music style sounds idek like what but not estonian and the country's name sounds slavic
I also belong to those former conscript reserves.
Lihapallid* But atleast you got the first half of the word right.
* [Black and white celtic cross flag]
Look at that white privilege, simply lying on the ground doing nothing
None of the candidates were fascist
I had always thought the American politeness and interacting with strangers could be a little excessive, but it really wasn't, it was rather a pleasant surprise
True, but knowledge of international affairs is still weaker in the US I presume.
Living from election to election
Definitely one of the spookiest locations
In Estonia it's alot, it's almost the longest straight route you can take without leaving the country.
See they have a habit of putting words into other peoples mouths when doing translation, sometimes completely transforming what they say to fit their agenda
I didn't say dislike
Yeah, make it personal instead of using the words "the public".
I'm not sure tho
Yeah, Putin's main opposition is awfully careless around chemicals, right
It has an important university, one ministry, the Supreme Court and several scientific institutions
Managing to buy your beer from the store before 10 PM when alcohol sale becomes prohibited
Also *kurat* "devil" and *raisk* "waste"; "corpse", "carrion", although they have traditionally been considered lighter swears, on par with English "darn".
Really, but they just seem so different subjects, you would have to divide the class subjects apart when teaching anyways.
In Estonian that sounds like Mina tapan haned = I will kill the geese
>and having 2 flags that similar will just confuse everybody
It has never worked
English is a global language now, seen, found and understood everywhere
Next time I can refer then to the situation of Tatars and explain that Russians themselves agree with this policy and have good arguments for it.
Then you should know how long it takes organizing such deployments.
100-year-old wooden apartment building ([example]
Because I've literally never seen it in Estonia
Many here choose Russian over German at school and then end up moving to Germany.
Watashi annan anatale teada, et watashi lõpetasin oma klassi tipus Nihongo kolmes ja watashi olen osalenud iroirona Nihongo õpingu sessioonides ja watashi on sanbyaku perfektsed testi skoorid.
But the name for Estonia most likely developed separately from the same root and wasn't carried on from the Aesti.
We don't have same pressure as in America, but saving and investing is still very important, especially if you plan to buy property
I have never met or talked to any non native who could actually speak it except my russian teachers
I just avoid talking about politics
Where do this numbers come from I wonder, Pareto principle?
Impossible now I think
There are some halloween parties and once some kids came knocking on my door in costumes, but i didn't have any candy for them because i didn't expect that anyone would show up.
Oh, these are good too, just in my town the ground pumps seem to be the most popular variation
We have similar words for some:
> Some don't mind having a family of 4 in a 20 sqm space because they're not you
To say "I did X as a teenager" makes me think you did something as an adolescent.
Try asking him whether he had any relatives/friends or was just helping his people.
Not owned, but I have driven a few Zhigulis and Moskvich.
You seem to have problems understanding what ethnicity is.
In a sense this could be thought of as true
If we switch the populations of Turkey and Germany leaving everything else the same no way Germany is going to stay Germany and no way is Turkey going to stay Turkey.
000 Russians about 140
This isn't really a word, moreso that it's a quirk of stitching words together
I believe this is a more reliable source for both men and women
I know they have pretty castles, but I can watch pictures of them and don't have to travel there
Jõehobu - river horse (hippo)
Interesting how similar it is to my school in Estonia, even the Wednesday thing
[Oh yeah]#/media/File:Ice_roads_in_Estonia.png)?
The second is not a potato salad, it's an abomination, actually the former is too
I'm sorry, they are all fairly equally stupid:
[kama] prepared in the traditional manner of dumping it in milk and stirring it up.
Can't sleep when someone is *wrong on the internet.*
I thought we already got into a territorial dispute!
It‘s the norm here too
Hiiele
>Probably not the advertisement they wanted but, you know, at least it shows their clothes are probably durable and versatile
Russia invading Crimea (and Ukraine) is indefensible.
Mid90s because it was a crazy time here, wild music, wilder parties, people wearing tracksuits
The false narrative of that has been debunked countless of times, but the commies don't care
But to get to all these European connected railways, you have to repeat this trick 2-3 times I think
might give you a humourous idea about it
You might never use public healtchare, but you still pay for it
I mean Poland is making abortions illegal even when woman is raped, so I'm pretty sure that unfortunately same sex marriage won't be legal there any time soon
Huh, where else are you supposed to put them
What's the most retarded about this is the policy of the new Estonian government...
Sweden, Finland and Latvia all declare war on Estonia, but Russia comes in to protect us.
I never said that everyone are the same
No one else has put the pressure on me
Do any European countries even use it?
Atleast you have a reason to come here now except to buy cheap alcohol so that's an improvement
I thought DfT was pushing mobile ticketing
Don't have to stress around trying to find a Cafe where you wont get robbed
What's the logo on his mask
If these Old-Believers have lived here since the 17th century - why aren't they natives?
But not the status of the constitution.
Yeah kiitos is Finnish, tänan is estonian ( literally: I thank )
During the plastic-and-gypsum era of \~2000 the houses built here often had internal walls that are just a layer or two of gypsum and doors of papier-mâché, so you can basically hear people breathing in the other room
Its rad
Then when the war for independence broke out both sides of the Narva river remained under Estonian control
The entire Viimsi Peninsula is considered to be the richest place in Estonia.
Alternatively you can also load money on your Ühiskaart or just hold a debit or credit catd against the chip reade
Silmad, kõrvad, suu ja nina ka
Netherlands - Madalmaad (literally ‘low lands’)
Voting does not matter in Russia.
Estonian has gotten a lot of words from Low Saxon.
That's also a good one
|o|
They fought against the Soviets!
That guy plays a roll of dim pseuointellectual "asking questions" in Russian troll teams.
Many estonian criminals must've not gotten caught because of this tiny inaccuracy
There can sometimes be long waiting that others have mentioned, but this has less to do with free healthcare and more to do with lack of doctors
The cultural institute is meant to promote the Polish culture, not *all the polish people*.
Not many thunderstorms in Estonia but when there are I love them, sometimes even go chasing if severe ones occur (derechos, smaller tornadoes)
Us Finnic people grow them on trees, so..
Carl Robert Jakobson
> who left the country becouse of transition to capitalism
you dont even know
Ofc they can
What happened after was constitutional.
I don't remember the exact phrasing in Estonian, but I saw some movie subtitles where "I'll pop a cap in his ass" was translated as something like "I'll shove my hat up his ass".
Loan words often go under a semantic shift and the word's definition changes a little.
This made me plan to go to EU elections this May for the first time
I would like to note that illegally entering Chornobyl exclusion zone will get you a small fine of about 15 euros as well as deportation from Ukraine (usually followed by a ban to enter the country for 3 years)
Below 4€, while it would've been 8€ just a year before
Never had any threatening encounter
Nobody is building monuments to honour the *trawniki* douchebags
Yes, I have excluded all such cases from the map as they don't have [close to] universal usage i.e.
Yeah, but the Russian forces would first need to get there in large enough numbers...
This one year I had to study for an exam and couldn't take part of the Midsummer festivities.
Ok german
The [speed signs] at [our ice roads] stretching to the islands in colder winters have a recommended middle speed limit as the middle speeds can cause resonance and break the ice - probably not for you specifically, but definitely for the cars coming after you
I mean, on that lattitude, you cannot expect beach resorts
I used to say less untill it became a meme, now i say it always
Also mediterranean weather would be nice too
The thermal waters
Or *Linnutee* ("Bird's Way") in Estonian
Belarus lived 70 years under soviet totalitarian regime and now 25 years under Lukashenko regime
Many people lost their jobs, the social safety net in East Germany became worse, pension ages rose and now East Germany is a benefactor of NATO imperialism in the Middle East and Afghanistan
[In 1940] after the Soviet invasion.
Quite uncommon, I'd say about 25% or so of my acquaintances have one
And we are all repressing local Russians, despite all currently cleaning toilets in Germany.
Maybe you meant this reply to LeemyLammy?
By the way, I, too, can't understand why the Baltics would place more weight on looking at the regimes and crimes that are more relevant for them
They're free to annex us any time!
Getting rid of socialism shook the social ladder.
There basically is no Estonian language literature from the preceding era either.
We had an online game shut out European users
ahahahhahahahaha
He does not represent the views of the majority of Estonians
They have many bad _hombres_ over there.
It doesn't say Hitlerism
They are basically treating the dribers as school kids giving them a time out if they behave bad
" (Wanna fuck in the kitchen
Chilly: -5 to 10
we really don't have much in common with Hungarian, besides some very old/root words
Toompea Castle is a good one, I'd also say Tallinn Town Hall (Raekoda), but only if we can include the Town Hall Square (Raekoja Plats) with it
I don't even have a passport (you don't need one when travelling in Europe)
In Estonia we have Elvira or Helve for women and Helmut or Eldur for men
* 'Pupil' - apparently it's 'student' when kids are in school
Genocide is intentional action to destroy a people in whole or in a part.
The biggest predator in this forest is probably a fox or something.
Well the [Estonian Song Festival] of course.
Due to biological limitations, I would have to plan it for my mid/end-thirties
No rational media channel would censor itself unless specifically ordered to do so by the government.
i think this kind of ties to the other fun and very specific part of the estonian language where we have 3 different lengths of pronunciation for letters ("välde" in estonian)
Favourite Danish song either [Sensommervise] or [Mikael Simpson - Inden du falder i søvn]
Hell, sometimes Copenhagen feels like my second capital because of how close it is to where I live
> inches, feet, yards, acres and miles
What could EU do about any of those issues except sanctions
Netherlands - Madalmaad (literally ‘low lands’)
It's really not [that complicated]
Estonia is pretty small and the 13 mainland counties come pretty quickly and almost everyone has visited all of them.
it was awesome as fuck and I still have the Niiskuneiti plushie I got from there.
A swede once made a thread to a Baltic gaming forum, asking us to "show our beautiful Russian faces". I raged
Safe to say it was a disaster for us all
The direct translation word for word would be, "Bullet flight path tunnel hatch
Heh, thanks
I don't really think countering your statements is something that's possible because it's a subjective question.
I think people have been deported for less.
Edit:Found one more
Rütte says 80% of Turks in the Netherlands are well integrated and 20% have a strong bond with Turkey still.
It's crazy to think for me that some countries don't have much pre-renaissance architecture
But that part was omitted
While for Scandinavia they correlate with the same main peoples, for the Baltic states and Baltic people they do not, so the concept is confusing and obscure even.
Try to explain it to people near you when you cough in public transport
I'm pretty sure the raiding was part of a similar social order and local geopolitical order, plus the raids were brought on from opposing raids as a retaliation method, so the Viking era was pretty much going on at the same time here than it was in Scandinavia.
But to be serious, casting aside the couple of warm-ish(12degrees) and rainy days right now I'd actually say that this
Any other city than tallinn lol, maybe tartu aswell, since there are alot of foreigners there
Not that I justify the reduction of funding, but no way is it as big and grand as you say it is.
I think in Estonia we actually know almost everyone or at least someone who knows someone
It's beautiful until it's all you hear around you.
If you are slower at this, it can easily take you several hours.
They are extremely short, you don't even get offered coffee, only a biscuit or a candy
I am curious however if someone can find their version of the clip
Saving the Latvians in 1919 and 1920
>sweatshops
Packages are put into parcel machines, leaving packages on porches is unheard of
Estonia and Latvia merged
Well it's more like 50%true/50% meme ))
And I was just poking fun at Finland.
Võta teatavaks, et ma lõpetasin mereväekursuse oma klassi parimana ja ma olen osalenud mitmel luureoperatsioonil Al-Quaeda vastu ja mul on 300 kinnitatud tapmist.
like a LOT
Visiting Narva and Eastern-Estonia in general, it’s like a completely foreign country
His birthplace was never a problem
But they are in English
We're in nato, eu, eurozone and schengen, we finally stopped decline in population, we have historically highest wages ever and it's growing (and outgrowing inflation) each year
Edit: Regarding the downvotes
What the hell was your comment about then?
Treated like every other resident of those countries.
This is usually done with controversial topics.
Chilly: -3-5
What else could it be
Or the worst, being woken up in the middle of the night with the sun in your eyes is not great
I don't know which is more or less common, but ones I remember right now:
We even took our name from a Baltic tribe :D
I don't know why is there such an outrage.
No quite literally the mass singing protests (i.e.
Estonia's so gray you think there's no data.
It's weird, I may not be triggered, I just like arguing and this is a good topic.
They have their ups and downs depending on who's at the power, but the system seems to be working
There's also a bar called Kivi (Stone) so when somebody asks where you are you can say "Ma olen kivis" aka "I am stoned"
hallitus: est
But still, as a general rule Estonians drop the word endings far more than Finns do.
Igaunija (that's how latvians call this country)
Not so much, this is purely your legal status.
Now you are contradicting yourself.
Turkey is in the EEA
In Estonia this is actually a very controversial subject
Honestly, as Estonia is a small country, it seems as all big media have pretty same moderate views and luckily all of them imo aren't afraid to criticise the government, even the government owned channels
Flat-earth not so much but antivaxx and climate change deniers unfortunatelt are a thing
Austria ungari
Viruses tend to evolve to milder and less lethal forms, its basic evolution (no point killing the host) and you can't be infected with both at the same time
I am from Tallinn, the northernmost Hanseatic town, with a beautiful preserved [old town] that is currently a UNESCO World Heritage site.
I would fight for Finland if another country ever attacked it
Therefore, private tuition is usually only a thing if you are actually having trouble with a single subject (usually Maths / Physics / some language) - and in this case, the tutor is usually a just young Uni student who passed his secondary school with flying colours
"Great Britain" is very rarely used I think.
Exactly what happened
And yeah most native Estonians were peasants, but still it was interesting time period and a lot of our old town was built turing that time period, if i don't remember anything wrong
